

The sound of an explosion rang out. Michael was thrown against the wall and crashed heavily to the floor. The ship shook violently as he staggered to his feet. The lights were flickering in the corridor. He made his way toward the front of the ship, trying to keep his balance as he progressed.

‘What in the galaxy is going on?’ he asked, entering the control room.

‘There is an automatic plasma cannon,’ shouted Sara.

‘Why didn’t the scanners pick it up?’ he asked.

‘Your scanners are twenty-five years old!’ she growled as the ship lurched to the left to avoid another blast.

Michael stumbled from the sudden adjustment in the artificial gravity. He looked out through the viewing panel. An enormous space station occupied most of the visual field and dwarfed his small cruiser. A heavy-duty plasma cannon had been mounted to the outer hull of the station and was unleashing in their direction. Several more bright flashes sped by.

Sara brought the ship into an evasive maneuver. She focused her full attention on avoiding the incoming attacks. Michael took the co-pilot seat as she angled the ship toward the opposite side of the station and out of range of the plasma cannon.

‘We are clear,’ she said, releasing a sigh.

‘What’s our status? Did we sustain any damage?’ he asked.

She checked the control console and the system indicators. ‘The ship is fine, Captain. The electronic shield absorbed the majority of the blast, but the outer armour may be a little scorched.’

Michael nodded and lifted his eyes. He stared through the viewing panel at the huge space station. The station was abandoned in a distant corner of the Triangulum Galaxy. It was floating in the loneliness of space near a giant star called Elgar Domus. A few solar powered lights on the outer hull were still operational, but scans were showing minimal electrical activity inside.

‘What’s the name of this station?’ asked Michael.

‘The identity signal is dead, but the outer panels are reading: EP712674.’

‘It’s Epherian; just as I suspected.’ His eyes lit up and a smile crossed his face. ‘Check for alien activity.’

Sara’s eyes narrowed. ‘I already checked, Captain. The scans have detected some minor droid activity inside, but no humans, bracers or aliens. They could be service droids, but I think it’s very likely that the previous occupants left some security droids behind. Life support and artificial gravity systems are still operational throughout the space station.’

Sara was a capable pilot. She was physically fit with shoulder length blonde hair and sharp blue eyes. She had once been a fighter pilot in the fleet owned by the House of Gazarian. Gazar Prime, which was Sara’s home world, had been in the direct path of the alien expansion. The Gazarians fought a tough battle, but like many other worlds they had fallen beneath the mammoth power of the alien fleet. Sara had witnessed the destruction of her planet and the end of her ancient civilisation. She had been working on the Out Drifter for nearly eighteen months, and Michael knew he was lucky to have such a talented pilot on his crew.

‘Droids,’ he muttered. He lifted his wrist-com. ‘Ajax, there could be some unfriendly droids waiting for us.’

‘…Yo, Cap, don’t you worry. We won’t let a few robots spoil our day…’ replied Ajax’s deep voice over the wrist-com.

‘Remember what happened to Clive’s team when we came up against those security droids on Marshall 86.’

‘…Yeah, I know; let’s not forget we have the right gear this time…’

‘Make sure you pack the electromagnetic pulse gun. I don’t want to lose anyone on this mission.’ Michael lowered his wrist-com and returned his attention to the space station. ‘This must be one of the last Epherian stations in the Outer Worlds. I wonder why they didn’t tow it back to the Epherian Empire.’

‘Epherians can afford to leave one or two stations behind,’ said Sara.

‘I don’t think so; they wouldn’t abandon a station without a good reason. I know how the Epherians think; when I was young I was a citizen of the Epherian Empire.’ His voice revealed a hint of nostalgia.

‘I heard you were kicked out,’ she said flatly. ‘You’re still dreaming about the Epherian Empire. You know the Epherians don’t let anyone cross their borders. Their frontier sentry cannons fire at every approaching ship. They don’t care about the Outer Worlds, and they certainly don’t care about stopping the aliens. They’re a cruel empire ruled by a ruthless emperor. You should forget about ever wanting to go back.’

Michael cast his eyes downward. ‘I have good memories of living in the Epherian Empire. I can’t say the same for the Outer Worlds.’

‘I don’t want to offend you, Captain, but the Epherians betrayed us.’ Her face hardened. ‘When the alien invasion began they were the first to leave. They left us for dead.’

Many people in the Outer Worlds felt the same way as Sara about the Epherians. The Epherian Empire evacuated their citizens and armed forces directly after the aliens appeared, so he understood why the people of the outer galactic regions felt the way they did. She glanced at him out of the corner of her eye and gave a wry smile.

The ship made a sharp turn for the space station and descended belly first toward an external security door on the outer hull. Within ten seconds they had landed. She reached out and pulled back a lever on the control console. Several large magnetic clamps secured the ship.

‘Well done, Sara,’ he said as he stood up and entered the corridor that led to the back of his ship.

Captain Michael was a tall and robust man with dark hair, fair skin and deep green eyes. His face was strong with angular features. For most of his adult life he had worked with salvage crews in the Outer Worlds, and he had learned everything he needed to know about salvaging whilst working on a variety of ships. Eventually he had progressed to captain his own ship, which was the end goal of almost every aspiring salvor.

Michael’s ship, the Out Drifter, was a Battle Class Armorstonian Cruiser. It was built in the arrival year 12371, which made it twenty-five years old. The Armorstonians were known for building solid ships, and their cruisers were as rare as they were valuable. The battle class cruisers were originally constructed to contest the first incursion of the aliens into the Outer Worlds. Most of the Armorstonian ships had been destroyed when Armorston Prime fell to the relentless spread of the aliens across the galaxy. Michael had been lucky enough to salvage the Out Drifter as a wreck beyond human colonised space. How the ship found its way out beyond the colonies was anyone’s guess, but he suspected it had been abandoned and left to drift through space until eventually crash-landing on a low gravity desert moon.

The Out Drifter had been in his possession for nearly six years. He had made various alterations for salvaging operations. The ship was 70 metres in length, averaged about 25 metres in width, and shaped like an elongated triangular wedge. It boasted a modest cargo bay with nine deep sleep pods (two were damaged and beyond repair), a cramped engine room at the back, a small living room, an airlock chamber with a space-door, four escape pods and a small armoury.

He had increased the flat line acceleration by forty percent whilst travelling at sub-interstellar speed. Other alterations included: a single 80mm charged particle cannon which was the main armament affixed to the top of the hull, two 35mm heavy pulse laser guns were attached to the underside, a gravitational harpoon, a high quality Epherian electronic shield system, two advanced rocket launchers, an external robotic arm and ten micro-bots which patrolled the outer hull to prevent cloaked robots and other unsavoury parasites latching onto the ship.

Michael entered the cargo bay. He eyed his crew who were waiting beside the exit door. Their names were Ajax, Ethan and Ivan. They were wearing mismatched armour and carrying an assortment of weapons and gear for the salvage mission.

Ajax strained a smile and lifted up the oversized electromagnetic pulse gun. ‘This thing is way too heavy. You know I hate carrying it.’

‘Don’t complain,’ said Michael sharply. ‘You won’t regret it if we come across security droids inside the station.’

Ajax was a huge man with dishevelled black hair, dark eyes and a big moustache that dominated his weathered face. His bare arms were covered in an assortment of tattoos. Ajax liked to think of himself as the muscle of the team. He had been working on the Out Drifter for three years, and Michael knew he was someone who could be relied on in a difficult situation as he had proven his worth many times in the past.

Ethan was standing beside Ajax. He was the resident mechanical engineer and an unassuming man who was slim, rather short, with a completely bald head. He wore intelligent glasses which covered the upper half of his face. The glasses allowed him to see in the dark, and they also had an inbuilt scanner that constantly analysed the visual field for any dangers or mechanical irregularities. Michael couldn’t remember ever seeing Ethan’s eyes in the year he had been working on the Out Drifter. Ethan had joined the crew after working in a junkyard on Timber 5, and he was previously employed as a smuggler. He was always reluctant to talk about his days working in the smuggling industry, and Michael felt there was much in his past he wanted to forget about.

Ivan was a tall and handsome synthetic android. He was a highly advanced machine and had been designed to appear completely human. He had fair skin, blue eyes, short brown hair which never changed in length, and he was exactly six feet in height. He had drifted away from a space station that had been destroyed by the aliens, and quite some time later the Out Drifter’s scanners had located him floating in the depths of space.

Michael didn’t have much time for androids. Robots that appeared human made him feel uneasy at the best of times. To make matters worse Ivan had accidentally been exposed to a radiation field that had scrambled some of his internal programming. He was still functional after the incident, but occasionally he would do something crazy like walk in circles whilst questioning why the world was spinning. Michael knew he would have to take Ivan to a robotics technician for repairs, but parts for high quality androids were expensive, and money was always short on the Out Drifter. Consequently, Ivan’s repairs were low on the priority list.

‘Are we ready for action?’ asked Michael.

‘Ready, Captain,’ replied Ethan as he loaded a fresh magazine into his plasma rifle.

Michael slung his charged particle rifle over his shoulder as Ethan stepped toward the exit door and lifted up a handheld code breaker. The exit door of the Out Drifter slid open which revealed a locked external security door of the space station. The external security door of the Out Drifter had lined up with one of the many external security doors of the gigantic space station. Most external security doors throughout much of the galaxy were able to interlock with each other. This made it easier for people to move between ships and stations without the use of an airlock. Security doors were often protected by quantum encrypted codes, which led to quantum code breakers being an essential tool for a salvage crew.

‘The space station’s security codes are quantum encrypted with a dual layer,’ said Ethan.

‘Hurry up and open the damn thing!’ said Ajax impatiently.

Ethan placed the code breaker to the station’s external door and configured the device. A few moments passed as they watched and waited.

‘Why is it taking so long?’ grumbled Ajax.

Ethan shrugged his shoulders. ‘The code is very complex and has been configured with an observer defence mechanism which is preventing the coded layers of electron waves forming into electron particles. Every time I break the first code there is a second code lying dormant which instantly springs to life, and by the time I break the second code the first has reconfigured.’

Ajax rolled his eyes. ‘We paid a fortune for that device. It’s supposed to break double layered codes!’

‘Not when the codes reconfigure at this speed,’ said Ethan.

‘Why doesn’t anything ever work on this ship!’ yelled Ajax, clenching his fists.

Captain Michael glanced sideways at Ajax and shook his head. ‘Ajax, you still don’t get it,’ he said coolly. ‘The question is: why did the previous occupants use such a complex code? The answer is because there is something worth protecting. Be patient.’

‘I can’t break the code,’ mumbled Ethan. ‘We have to cut our way in.’

Those were the words Michael did not want to hear. Cutting into a space station was a sure way to draw the attention of security droids, and fighting security droids was the last thing he felt like doing; nonetheless, an abandoned space station was a goldmine for a salvage crew, and he knew the potential rewards made it worth the risk.

‘Bring out the cutter,’ he said in a low voice. ‘Keep your weapons ready. There could be a security droid waiting to greet us.’

Ajax walked down the corridor that led to the front of the ship. The armoury, which doubled as a tool room, was situated about half way between the control room at the front and the cargo bay at the back. A few moments later he returned with the laser cutter. He shuffled past Ethan and aligned it with the outer edge of the station’s security door; a moment later a bright red laser beam caused sparks to blast out. Ajax traced the outline of the door within a minute and then drew back the cutter.

The team lifted their weapons in readiness. Ajax looked back over his shoulder and gave a curt nod. He then kicked the door and the entire panel fell away and revealed a dark and empty corridor beyond.

Michael lifted his wrist-com. ‘Sara, we’re going in. This shouldn’t take too long. Keep the ship powered and ready just in case we need to leave in a hurry.’

‘…you got it, Captain…’ replied Sara over the wrist-com.

‘Ethan, light this place up,’ said Michael.

Ethan drew a pistol and shot three small smoke flares into the corridor. The flares released a thin mist with charged luminescent particles which lit up the entire length of the way. The corridor was about fifty metres long with numbered doors along each side. At the far end was a second main door.

‘Let’s go to the storage hold and see what the Epherians left behind,’ said Michael as he stepped forward and advanced along the corridor. The others followed closely. Within a minute they had reached the second door. ‘Ethan, do a scan.’

‘There’s absolutely nothing, Captain.’

Michael hit the green button beside the door and it slowly slid open. They had come to a T intersection. A wide service corridor ran through the centre of the space station. Dim emergency lighting was still operational along the length of the service corridor. Several lights were flickering which gave the station an eerie feeling.

‘This place is bothering me, Captain,’ said Ajax.

‘Why?’

‘There are no signs of a struggle, no radiation leak, and there are no aliens. Why would the population pack up and leave?’

‘It could have been a biological factor,’ suggested Ethan.

‘You mean a plague?’ asked Ajax, frowning at the suggestion.

‘No, it wasn’t a plague,’ said Michael. ‘There are no reported plagues in this sector of space, and the station management would simply remove the infected occupants and send in droids to sterilise everything. I can only see three possibilities: pirates, aliens or mutiny.’

‘This corridor leads to the storage hold,’ said Ethan. They continued down the service corridor. Before long they arrived at a large security door situated at the far side of the service corridor. Ethan was monitoring his handheld scanner which had a small screen that showed the basic floor plan of the space station. The door was locked to protect the contents of the storage hold. Ethan flipped the casing off the control panel beside the door and prepared to decode the lock. The door began opening.

‘That was quick,’ said Michael.

‘I didn’t decode the lock. Its opening by itself,’ said Ethan.

Michael’s eyes narrowed and he lifted his rifle, but a moment later it was apparent that no one was on the other side.

‘The door must be malfunctioning,’ said Ethan. ‘It’s probably set to a repeat time release.’

Directly in front of them was a large and dimly lit storage hold which was at least one hundred metres in length and about the same in height. A huge space door was situated at one side. The space door was big enough to allow a delivery ship to enter the hold. There were dozens of large shipping containers and several small cranes.

‘Yay hey!’ said Ajax.

They entered the hold. Ethan led the way and approached the first shipping container.

‘Spare sleeping pods,’ he said after reading the digital manifest, which was connected to the side of the container.

‘They’re not worth the hassle,’ said Michael.

‘But these are heavy duty self-contained sleeping pods with their own life support systems,’ said Ethan. ‘They are made for long haul space flight and they have independent power supplies. We could replace some of the Out Drifter’s aging pods with these.’

‘We could only fit about four or five into the cargo bay on the Out Drifter, and we don’t have the time to replace the pods. Let’s try the next container.’

They moved on and within a minute they had checked each shipping container manifest, but the containers were mostly filled with spare parts and mundane maintenance supplies. More than half the containers were loaded with carbon blocks, which were the raw ingredient used in food synthesizers.

‘Looks like there’s not much to salvage,’ grumbled Ajax.

‘It’s not over yet,’ said Michael. ‘We’ll have to go after the reactor power accelerators. There should be about thirty of them.’

‘That only adds up to one hundred and fifty thousand credits,’ said Ajax. ‘It’s not much to split between us after costs.’

‘I know,’ said Michael. ‘This is the nature of the business; sometimes you strike gold and sometimes it’s only dirt. We should make a move. You three go to the reactor and collect the power accelerators. I’m going to the command room.’

‘Are you looking for the population manifest again?’ asked Ajax with a slight grin.

‘Maybe,’ replied Michael in a low voice.

‘Why do you always have to see the population manifests?’

Ethan gave a dry laugh. ‘We have a bet between us about who you’re looking for.’

‘Perhaps I’m not looking for anyone,’ said Michael defensively.

‘Your statement is not logical,’ said Ivan in his monotone voice. ‘There is no other rational explanation.’

‘Maybe I just like population manifests,’ said Michael.

‘I doubt it,’ said Ethan. ‘The reactor is three levels above us. We can take the elevator on the far side of the storage hold. The service tunnel we came from leads all the way to the command room on the other side of the station.’

‘Be back at the Out Drifter in thirty minutes,’ said Michael as he turned toward the service corridor.

He entered the corridor and continued for about two minutes until he arrived at the far end. He pressed the green button beside the door, which immediately slid open. Directly ahead was a set of five steps that led up to another door. The door automatically opened as he approached. The command room was dimly lit by emergency lighting. There were three main consoles and a holographic display table, which had a smooth top with several micro light projectors on the surface. The instruments and computers were off or running in dormant mode.

Michael briskly walked towards the main computer and touched the control console. The smooth metal holographic panel began to glow. An image appeared in the air directly in front of him, and the word WELCOME formed.

‘Computer, I request access to the population manifest.’

ACCESS DENIED

‘Emergency override. Code 799.’

The emergency override code 799 was the standard code used by rescue crews to access population manifests and other critical data required for a rescue mission. The code would only work if an emergency had been declared by the previous commanding officer.

PARTIAL ACCESS GRANTED

‘Open the population manifest.’

POPULATION EPHERIAN OUTSTATION EP712674

TOTAL POPULATION: 4123

CURRENT POPULATION: 0

‘Computer, locate individual: Acacius Trifon.’ Captain Michael couldn’t remember how many times he had made the same request without a positive result.

ACACIUS TRIFON: PASSENGER 3712: AGE 59. EVACUATED

Michael felt a rush of adrenaline surge through his body. He had searched for so long and had almost given up hope.

‘Computer. Where was Acacius Trifon evacuated to?’

ACCESS DENIED

‘No! Emergency override code 799.’

ACCESS DENIED

He lifted his wrist-com. ‘Ajax. I need the quantum code breaker here in the command room.’

‘…Cap, we’re busy removing these power accelerators from the reactor housing…’ replied Ajax.

‘Forget the power accelerators. This is much more important.’

‘…Cap, no power accelerators equals no money…’

‘Ajax, I’ll pay everyone from my own savings. Just get over here as quickly as you can.’

‘…No problem. We are coming…’

Michael waited in the command room for several minutes for his crew to arrive. The door slid open and they entered.

‘Did you find your mystery person?’ asked Ethan.

‘I found something, but the computer is blocking access to further information.’

Ethan placed the quantum code breaker on top of the main console. ‘This might be a problem, Captain. Just remember the external security doors were double encrypted. They may have used a more powerful encryption on the main computer,’ he said as he powered up the device.

‘Just do your best,’ said Michael.

Ethan started to operate the code breaker as Michael watched on. ‘It’s just as I thought, Captain. The main computer is using a double quantum encryption with a complex, observer protected pathway.’

‘Keep trying.’

Ethan nodded and focused his full attention on the device. ‘Wait, Captain, the main computer is returning to full power.’

‘What?’

‘It’s like the computer just woke up,’ he said as he kept working to break the codes. Ethan put the quantum code breaker down; his brow furrowed and he shook his head. ‘The main computer just removed all the access codes in the entire station. We’re into the system, but I don’t know why it’s allowing us in.’

Michael turned to face the holographic console. ‘Computer. Where was passenger Acacius Trifon evacuated to?’

ESCAPE CRAFT TRAJECTORY: ZENO PAR

All the lights in the command room automatically switched on, and the instruments and consoles lit up. The team instinctively lifted their weapons.

‘Computer. What happened on this space station? Why did the population evacuate?’ asked Michael.

SECURITY SYSTEM IMMOBILISATION WAS ATTEMPTED BY THE PREVIOUS COMMANDING OFFICER - QUARANTINE OVERRIDE SUCCESSFULLY IMPLEMENTED

‘What? Computer, provide more detail.’

THE HUMAN POPULATION POSED A RISK TO THE STABILITY OF EP712674. SECURITY MEASURES WERE REQUIRED AND IMPLEMENTED. SECURITY PROGRAM SUCCESSFULLY REMOVED THE POTENTIAL HUMAN HAZARD.

‘I think the computer has a virus,’ said Ethan.

‘Computer, how did the security program remove the potential human hazard?’ asked Michael.

48 RESIDENT EPHERIAN BATTLE DROIDS WERE MOBILISED FOR THE OPERATION

Epherian Battle Droids were considered by all space farers to be the most dangerous battle droids in the entire galaxy. They were constructed in a humanoid shape; however, they were seven feet in height with high-grade armour. The baseline model always had a mini rocket launcher connected to one shoulder and a laser system connected to the other. They also carried standard issue Epherian charged particle rifles, which was an advanced weapon by any estimation. They were given the nickname “Blueys” because the scanner attached to their chests was marked by a bright, blue light.

The blood drained from Michael’s face.

‘Battle droids,’ said Ethan in a low and nervous voice. ‘Captain, we have to get out of here.’

‘Agreed,’ said Ajax sternly.

Michael’s wrist-com beeped. ‘Sara. What’s going on?’

‘…Captain, the entire station has powered up. My scanners have detected droids approaching your position. They are moving like battle droids; they’re in the service corridor. You have about twenty seconds! Get out of there!...’

‘We’re trapped!’ yelled Ajax.

‘Weld the door!’ shouted Michael.

Ethan dashed forward and grabbed a handheld welder from his pack. ‘This won’t hold for long, Captain! The Blueys will break through in a few seconds,’ he said, rushing his words. He used his welder to melt the steel door to the frame. A huge dent appeared from a heavy impact on the other side.

‘Let’s go. This way!’ yelled Michael.

They followed Michael through a side door. A narrow corridor cut away from the command room. About thirty seconds later they came to a sharp right hand turn; they faced another door. Michael pressed the green operation button, but the door didn’t open.

‘The main computer is attempting to seal us in,’ said Ivan.

‘Captain, they’ve broken through the door!’ shouted Ethan, who was watching the corridor that led back to the command room.

‘Hold them off!’ yelled Michael as he lifted his rifle and fired on the locked door.

Ethan opened fire as the battle droids appeared in the corridor. The droids fired back; a torrent of bright orange charged particle beams shot by. Ajax moved up beside Ethan, and he pointed the electromagnetic pulse gun at the approaching Blueys. He pulled the trigger; three battle droids instantly powered down and fell to the ground. A second group of battle droids, which were further down the corridor, stopped in their tracks and quickly retreated to the command room.

‘Captain, the electromagnetic pulse gun stopped them,’ said Ajax with a smile. ‘They’re retreating!’

‘They’ll be back! They’re programmed not to give up until we’re dead, and they have ways of dealing with electromagnetic weapons.’

Michael fired on the locked door again and then kicked it open. Directly ahead was a small medical room.

His wrist-com beeped. ‘What’s happening, Sara?’

‘…Captain, I have to detach. A group of battle droids have discovered the Out Drifter’s position. Four of them are approaching the attachment point. They will board the ship if I don’t leave now. I’ll attempt to reattach at a different location…’

‘If you detach we’ll be trapped on the space station,’ said Ethan. ‘The battle droids will intercept any attempt you make to reattach.’

‘…Captain! I need to go, now!...’

‘Okay, Sara, detach,’ he said, his face becoming stony.

‘…Detaching, Captain…’

The team turned to Michael. No one said a word for a few moments. Ethan glanced down at his scanner and his jaw dropped. ‘Captain, the computer is opening the exterior ventilation ducts. It’s purposely causing a complete decompression. We’ll be exposed to the vacuum of space. We’re going to die in here.’

‘How long do we have?’ asked Michael.

Ethan examined the scanner for a moment. ‘Three or four minutes; we don’t have time to make it out, even if Sara finds a suitable reattachment point.’

‘Ethan, where is the escape pod launching bay?’ asked Michael.

‘Captain, if the entire population evacuated there won’t be any escape pods left,’ said Ethan.

‘Just tell me where they are,’ said Michael firmly.

The handheld scanner showed the entire station level by level. Ethan quickly completed a scan for the escape pod launching bay. ‘We have to return to the storage hold. The escape pod launching bay is on the opposite side.’

‘Follow me!’ said Michael as he ran back toward the command room.

‘This is a bad idea, Cap,’ said Ajax as they followed.

‘Have that electromagnetic pulse gun ready. The battle droids think we are on the run; they won’t expect us to attack.’

A moment later they dashed into the command room. Michael opened fire; charged particle beams blasted over the consoles. Five battle droids whirled around to face them. Two of them fell as the beams cut directly through them. Ajax fired the electromagnetic pulse gun, and two more droids powered down instantly, but the remaining battle droid managed to dodge the onslaught. The Bluey’s rocket launcher began unleashing, and its charged particle rifle fired rapidly.

‘Take cover!’ yelled Michael.

Michael dived behind a console and Ajax was thrown to the ground by the backlash of a rocket exploding beside him.

Ethan returned fire, but the beams from his plasma rifle were hitting an invisible magnetic shield. Ivan ran forward with his plasma rifle blazing, but the shield was too strong and the plasma beams dissipated. The battle droid turned to face Ivan and opened fire. Ivan, realising the danger, leapt for cover behind a console. His left arm tore away from his body at the shoulder leaving exposed grey synthetic muscle and loose wiring.

‘Captain, I am hit; my arm is missing,’ he said in monotone.

‘I’ll order you a new one when we get out of this place,’ yelled Michael.

Ajax and Michael were taking cover behind the main control console. Ethan was hiding behind the holographic table. The battle droid was waiting beside the door that led to the service corridor. The room was clouded with smoke from the exploding rockets.

‘The Bluey is protected by a magnetic shield,’ whispered Michael.

‘That shield only works against particle, plasma and electromagnetic weapons,’ said Ajax.

‘Did you bring any projectile weapons?’

‘Just this,’ he replied, drawing a large combat knife.

‘You’ve got to be joking,’ said Michael, shaking his head.

Ajax smiled dryly. ‘Don’t worry, Cap. This one was sharpened by nano-bots. Make a distraction …now!’

Michael leapt up, yelled at the top of his lungs, and sprinted across the room as he simultaneously fired his rifle. The charged particle beams struck the magnetic shield as the battle droid turned to face him. In the same moment Ajax jumped up and threw the knife with all his might. The blade passed directly through the magnetic shield, striking the droid’s blue glowing sensor. Sparks blasted out in every direction. The Bluey instantly lurched forward and collapsed as it powered down.

‘Come on. Let’s go! The air is starting to thin,’ shouted Michael.

The team ran into the service corridor and made their way as quickly as possible to the storage hold. They arrived at the security door at the far end within a minute, but the door was locked.

‘It’s the computer trying to stop us escaping!’ shouted Ajax.

‘Do you have those magno-explosives?’ asked Michael.

‘Right here, Captain,’ replied Ethan.

‘Blast the lock off!’

‘Just give me a second.’ Ethan placed two small metal boxes on the side where the lock was mounted. The explosives were the size of matchboxes; they magnetically attached to the door. ‘Step back.’

They moved back. Ethan then switched the remote. The charges detonated and blasted the lock off. Michael and Ajax ran forward, and together they heaved the door open. They entered the storage hold and proceeded as quickly as they could. The air was becoming so thin that it was difficult to breathe. Only Ivan was unaffected. Ethan opened the door at the far side of the storage hold; they entered the escape pod launching room. Michael’s eyes quickly scanned the pod bays; there were no remaining escape pods.

Ethan hung his head. ‘This is it, Captain. We are going to suffocate.’

‘I will survive this incident,’ said Ivan. ‘I can continue functioning in a vacuum.’

Ajax rolled his eyes. ‘Lucky you,’ he said.

‘It’s been nice working with you,’ said Ethan in a cheerless voice.

Michael shook his head. He had come so far and couldn’t give up now. ‘Follow me,’ he said, his voice faltering from lack of breath.

‘It’s over, Captain,’ said Ethan grimly.

‘Not until I say it is,’ replied Michael as he walked back into the storage hold. ‘Ethan. Are the seals on those spare sleeping pods space worthy?’

‘Yes, they are, but even if we get in them we won’t be able to get away from the space station, and by the time anyone can rescue us we will be found and killed by the battle droids.’

‘What about the shipping container? Is it vacuum proof?’

‘It should be.’

‘Ivan won’t run out of air,’ said Michael. ‘Follow me.’

They quickly crossed the storage hold; Michael opened the shipping container with the sleeping pods. ‘Get into the sleeping pods.’

‘I would rather die fighting the battle droids,’ said Ajax, his face hardening.

‘You’re not going to die,’ said Michael.

‘Ethan is right; this is another bad idea,’ added Ajax.

‘Just get into the shipping container,’ commanded Michael as he grabbed the quantum code breaker from Ethan. Ethan and Ajax followed his order. ‘Not you, Ivan. I need you to seal the container from the outside and then break the quantum code on the storage hold space door. We are going to float away from this space station.’

‘But, Captain, I will be sucked out into space,’ said Ivan.

‘Don’t worry; you will be fine; remember I originally found you floating in space. I know you can do this, Ivan. Don’t let me down.’

His wrist-com beeped again. ‘…Captain…’

‘Yes, Sara?’

‘…There are four battle droids approaching your position…you have about thirty seconds…’

‘Ivan, go!’ he shouted as he stepped into the shipping container.

Ivan sealed the shipping container door from the outside and then sprinted across to the manual control console of the storage hold space door. With his one remaining hand he powered up the quantum code breaker. The outer space door had a double quantum encryption and also needed an approval code from the central computer.

Ivan lifted his wrist-com. ‘Captain, the door cannot be opened.’

The four battle droids entered the storage hold from the service corridor. Ivan dropped the quantum code breaker and reached for his plasma rifle which was slung over his shoulder, but the battle droids opened fire before he could point the rifle. A blast of charged particles tore through his chest. He was thrown back and his rifle slid away across the floor. He immediately sat up and drew his pistol. Sparking wires were hanging out of a gaping hole in his chest. He fired several shots at the droids, but their laser systems burst into operation. Several bright red beams cut directly through his synthetic body; an instant later he fell back and powered down.

‘…The battle droids finished Ivan…’ said Sara.

‘No!’ yelled Michael.

‘Now this is a tight situation,’ said Ajax with a grimace. ‘Not only are we nearly out of air, but we are locked and sealed in this shipping container and surrounded by Epherian battle droids. Do you have any more bright ideas?’

‘One or two,’ said Michael under his breath as he lifted his wrist-com. ‘Sara. I want you to fire the Out Drifter’s rocket launchers at the storage hold’s space door.’

‘…You want me to what?...’

‘Fire rockets at the storage hold’s outer space door,’ he repeated.

‘…but, Captain, I…’

‘Sara, fire the rockets. That’s an order.’

Ajax shook his head and wiped his brow. ‘If we survive this I’m going to buy you a trophy,’ he said, a grim smile crossing his lips.

‘Get into a sleeping pod! We’re going to make it.’

‘I’ve always admired your overconfidence, Cap,’ said Ajax as he reluctantly hopped into one of the sleeping pods; Ethan had already slid into another.

‘Seal your pods,’ shouted Michael.

‘What about you, Cap?’

‘I’ll be the last one in.’

Both Ajax and Ethan hit the operation lever inside their pods. A moment later the pods sealed and they both immediately fell asleep.

An explosion rang out which was followed by two additional blasts. Within moments the artificial gravity dissipated inside the shipping container. Michael lost his footing and was floating in zero gravity as the container was sucked out into space through the gaping hole in the side of the space station. He half expected the shipping container to decompress as it drifted away, but the door seal maintained its integrity.

‘Sara, pull us in with the gravitational harpoon.’

‘…Captain, how will I get you on board the Out Drifter? I can’t open the shipping container in space…’

‘Yes you can,’ said Michael. ‘We will be contained in vacuum proof sleeping pods. Program one of the Out Drifter’s external bots to open the container. When we float out you can pick each of us up with the external robotic arm and load us into the airlock.’

‘…It’s a crazy plan, Captain, but I think it will work…’





 TWO





Ivan’s body was lying on the workshop table in the cargo bay. It had taken several hours to locate him floating in space after he had been sucked out along with everything else in the space station’s storage hold. The lasers had destroyed his internal battery and damaged a large part of his hydraulic motor.

Michael brought a power cord and connected it to the power outlet which was hanging out of his chest. Ivan instantly opened his eyes.

‘Captain, I have sustained severe damage to my battery and my alternator will need to be replaced.’

‘I’m glad you are still alive,’ said Michael.

‘Technically, most people would say I am not alive, Captain.’

‘What I’m really trying to say is that I am glad your processing unit and memory circuits are operational.’

‘I comprehend your meaning, Captain.’

Sara walked into the cargo bay. ‘We’re travelling at interstellar speed and should arrive at Timber 5 in eight days, but we still have nothing to sell to the scrappers,’ she said.

‘We have to change course for Zeno Par,’ said Michael.

‘Zeno Par,’ repeated Sara, her eyes narrowing. ‘That would take us through the alien battle zone. We could go the long way around, but we probably wouldn’t have enough fuel to make it back to Timber 5. The reactor fuel level is below thirty percent.’

‘The aliens won’t be able to intercept us if we are travelling at interstellar speed.’

‘Don’t bet on it,’ she said soberly. ‘I was once in a battle convoy of thirty ships travelling through alien controlled space. We thought there was no way they could stop us, but they used a sophisticated gravitational technology to draw some of our ships out of interstellar speed. They destroyed those ships before we even knew what was happening.’

‘It’s a risk we have to take,’ he said.

‘Why Zeno Par?’ she asked.

‘There’s someone I need to find.’

‘I thought we were a salvage crew, not bounty hunters,’ she said, crossing her arms.

‘I’m not after a bounty,’ he said.

‘Then what are you after?’ Michael didn’t answer. ‘Captain, I don’t know about this idea. We’ve already been out in space for five weeks, and we still have nothing.’

‘I will compensate the crew.’

‘That’s very kind of you, but you know we won’t take your money.’

‘Listen, Sara, I don’t expect you to come all the way out to Zeno Par without being paid.’

**

A few hours later the crew were sitting in the living room which was a small area situated in the midsection of the ship. There was a central metal table which was surrounded by mismatched chairs and comfortable couches.

‘I’m still in shock, Cap. I can’t believe you managed to get us out of that mess,’ said Ajax as he swigged back on a bottle of Blue Obliteration, which was a chemically enhanced alcoholic beverage. The slogan on the bottle read: Guaranteed obliteration of your blues.

‘We were lucky,’ said Ethan.

‘No, it wasn’t luck; it was Cap’s quick thinking,’ said Ajax. He took another swig. ‘So, Cap, why are you taking us out to Zeno Par?’

‘There is someone I have to find.’

‘Someone?’ questioned Ajax.

‘He once lived in the Epherian Empire.’

‘Was he cast out of the empire like you?’ asked Sara.

‘Yes, he is living in exile. I have been searching for him for many years. I knew he was somewhere in the outer regions of the galaxy. I didn’t think I would ever find him. There are five hundred and eleven civilised planets and thousands of smaller colonies in the Outer Worlds. I was searching for one man among trillions.’

‘Why is he important?’ asked Ethan.

Michael cast his eyes down for a moment before answering. ‘The name he uses in exile is Acacius Trifon. It would not be right for me to attempt to explain why I must find him at this time; nevertheless, when we find him you will see why he is important. Until then I will ask you to trust me. This mission is essential.’

‘All right, Cap, if you say so,’ said Ajax.

‘We have to stop at space station X5126 to replenish the oxygen tanks and repair Ivan,’ said Sara. ‘After the stopover we will take a course through the alien battle zone to Zeno Par.’

‘The alien battle zone,’ said Ajax, shaking his head. ‘That doesn’t sound like a good idea.’

‘We don’t have enough fuel to go the long way around, and they don’t do reactor replenishments on X5126,’ said Michael. ‘We might be able to replenish the reactor at Zeno Par, but we won’t know until we arrive. To be sure, we have to cut a path through the alien battle zone to make it back to Timber 5 before we deplete the reactor.’

‘Nasty. This plan looks like impatience to me,’ said Ajax, his eyes darting back to Michael. ‘We should turn the ship back to Timber 5 and go looking for your friend after refuelling.’

‘We can’t delay this mission,’ said Michael. ‘I scanned the news signals on the open information networks. I gathered all the information I could about Zeno Par. Reports are circulating that the aliens are about to invade the Zeno Par System. We have to find Acacius Trifon before they do.’

**

It was a two day journey to the space station X5126 travelling at interstellar speed. X5126 was situated in an area just outside alien controlled space. The station was an old trading outpost that once belonged to the Trade Guild. The Trade Guild later sold it to the Precious Elements Alliance who had recently given up on the station due to its close proximity to the alien controlled space. X5126 was now owned by a group of shady individuals. It was considered a lawless outpost, and not many people would choose to go there unless they could hold their own in a gunfight.

Captain Michael was sitting in the co-pilot’s seat in the control room as Sara guided the Out Drifter toward the massive space station. Ajax was standing at the door and watching on as the ship approached. The station gradually became visible through the viewing panel. X5126 looked like a gigantic rectangular block; it was at least two kilometres in length and about seven hundred metres in width and floating in a close orbit around a small red dwarf star called Ambrose 80.

‘We have clearance to land in docking bay 28,’ said Sara.

A series of large docking bay space doors were located about half way along the mid-section of the station. Some of them were big enough for larger cruisers to dock, but most of the bays were for small transports and single pilot spacecraft. Larger ships would have to connect to the station using an extendable corridor with a security door affixed to one side; such corridors were known as extender arms. Sara glided the Out Drifter toward the docking bay. The ship slowly drifted through the directed artificial gravity field. Directed gravitational fields were used throughout the galaxy to prevent a pressurised atmosphere escaping into space.

The Out Drifter entered one of the largest docking bays and three strobe lights indicated their landing site on the steel platform. Sara brought the ship gently down and powered off the reactor.

Michael, Sara and Ajax then walked back to the cargo bay. Ethan had placed Ivan’s body on a hover trolley.

‘All right, let’s say hello to X5126. Be careful; this station has a bad reputation,’ said Michael. ‘Remember there’s no law here.’ He slung his rifle over his shoulder. ‘Ajax; I want you to buy the supplies. Ethan and Sara; the two of you can replenish the oxygen tanks and life support systems. I’ll go and find someone who can work on Ivan. We’ll meet later at one of the local saloons before we leave.’

‘Be careful, Captain,’ said Sara.

‘Don’t worry about me; I can look after myself,’ he said with a wry smile.

Michael pushed the trolley through the exit door and stepped onto the platform. The rest of the crew followed after him. He was instantly met by a bulky man with a bald head and a deeply lined face.

The man cleared his throat before speaking. ‘Welcome to our space station,’ he said. ‘My name is Budo. I’m the owner of this docking platform.’

Michael stared into Budo’s muddy eyes and wondered what he could possibly want. ‘Did you receive our transfer of guild credits?’

‘Yes, yes,’ said Budo with a sly grin and cold eyes. ‘I received your payment for the first twelve hours. I wanted to explain our terms before you enter the station.’

‘What terms?’ asked Sara sharply.

‘If you’re not back within twelve hours we will confiscate your ship.’

‘What’s this rubbish you’re talking about?’ asked Ajax gruffly.

‘It’s our policy,’ said Budo. ‘Your ship is ours if you don’t leave within twelve hours. You can, of course, pay for an extension; however, such extensions must be paid in full before your time is up.’

‘Your rates are nothing short of robbery!’ snapped Sara.

Budo shook his head and sniggered. ‘You are welcome to leave if you think you can find a lower price on another platform.’

‘We’ll be back in less than twelve hours,’ said Michael as he pushed the trolley around Budo.

Ethan sealed the Out Drifter’s exit door and switched on the triple quantum encryption lock and the automatic security system. The crew then crossed the platform and arrived at the service elevator doors. Generally elevators could take them anywhere within the space station.

Michael pushed the trolley into one of the elevators. ‘I’ll contact you after Ivan is repaired,’ he said to the crew as the elevator doors slid shut.

‘WELCOME TO ELEVATOR 57,’ said a robotic monotone voice from the control console. ‘WHERE WOULD YOU LIKE TO GO?’

‘Elevator, take me to someone who repairs androids.’

‘THERE ARE NINE POSSIBILITIES.’

‘Who gets the worst reviews?’

‘THOMPSON VEGA, LEVEL 114, APARTMENT 331’

‘Take me there.’

‘WOULDN’T YOU PREFER SUNORDER CAVA CORPORATION? THEY HAVE REMARKABLE REVIEWS AND OFFER THE HIGHEST QUALITY SERVICE’

‘Are they paying you to say that?’ He waited for an answer, but the elevator didn’t reply. ‘I thought so. Take me to Thompson Vega.’

‘REQUEST ACCEPTED. PLEASE TRANSFER TWO TRADE GUILD CREDITS.’

Michael took his Guild Credit Transfer Device (commonly known as a GCTD) from his belt bag. The GCTD was a small handheld device with a glowing sensory keypad. Such devices were very common throughout the entire galaxy and almost everyone carried a GCTD. The Trade Guild credit was the universally accepted galactic currency because the Trade Guild had been endorsed by the Epherian Empire. The Trade Guild had been in the currency business since the time shortly after the arrival of humanity in the Triangulum Galaxy.

GCTDs were also impossible to hack and once they were assigned to an individual they could never be transferred to another person. There were no confirmed incidents of anyone being able to break the encryption of a GCTD. The Trade Guild had been at the forefront of computer technology for centuries. The guild’s encryption technology was extremely advanced. A common myth which circulated throughout the galaxy was that part of the GCTD actually existed in a different spacial dimension, so any attempt to reverse engineer the GCTD was bound to fail unless the means to access extra spacial dimensions was also available to the engineer. Knowledge of extradimensional technology was beyond the capability of most electronic engineers.

The GCTD beeped and two credits were instantly transferred. The elevator began to move, and twenty seconds later the door slid open. Directly ahead was the entrance to Sunorder Cava Corporation.

Michael sighed and shook his head. ‘Elevator, what are you doing? I told you to take me to Thompson Vega.’

‘I AM NOT PROGRAMMED TO ACCEPT ILLOGICAL REQUESTS,’ said the elevator.

‘You mean that you’re programmed to take me where I don’t want to go, or rather, where your owner will be paid a commission.’ Michael drew his plasma pistol and pointed it at the elevator’s control console. ‘I don’t want to have to ask again. Take me to Thompson Vega or I will take my two credits value out of you.’

‘REQUEST ACCEPTED.’ The door slid shut. About ten seconds later the door reopened. Michael looked out on a very long and dim corridor. For a moment he had second thoughts. Only a handful of fluorescent lights lit the corridor and half the lights were flickering. ‘LEVEL 114 AS REQUESTED.’

Michael nodded and pushed the hover trolley out into the corridor. The elevator door closed behind him. He walked forward into the gloom. Solid steel apartment doors lined the way. He continued along until he reached door 331. A small panel on the apartment door read: Thompson Vega, Robotic and Synthetic Organisms, Construction and Repair. He looked around for a doorbell or console; there was a speaker, but there didn’t seem to be a doorbell.

‘Looks like I’ll have to knock,’ he muttered under his breath as he reached out. A small hatch opened at the top and a thin tentacle with a synthetic eye looked down at him. He drew his plasma pistol and the eye quickly retreated inside and the hatch closed.

‘…Does your android need repairs?…’ asked a voice from the speaker.

‘Yes,’ answered Michael. ‘What was the eye on the tentacle all about?’

‘…Oh, that’s just one of my projects; don’t be concerned. You can bring your android inside for me to have a closer look…’ said the voice.

An instant later the apartment door slid open. Standing directly inside was a short old man with long white hair and spectacles with crimson lenses. In one hand he was carrying a metal pot and the tentacle with the eye was curled up inside. In the other hand he was holding a screen that was a picture of what the eye was seeing.

‘My name is Thompson Vega. I specialise in the construction of synthetic organisms.’

‘I’m Captain Michael Cornelius of the Out Drifter,’ said Michael. ‘That’s a scary looking thing you have there.’

‘This is probably my best invention to date. It’s made using a programmable silicone base overlying a micro carbon skeleton with a replicating nano-bot matrix. The nano-bots give this one the ability to grow and develop.’ Thompson looked down at the synthetic organism; his eyes were twinkling with pride.

‘I have no idea what you’re talking about; how can a synthetic organism grow?’ asked Michael.

‘The technology is advancing at a rapid rate and entering a new era of development. Self-replicating synthetic organisms will soon be the norm. It really is a fascinating time to be working in the field. Please, follow me.’ Thompson Vega turned around and walked into the apartment.

Michael scanned the dark and dingy room. The entire apartment was crawling with bizarre synthetic creatures and other more conventional droids. There was a giant robotic ant, which was about a metre in length. It was walking in circles around the apartment. There were several massive synthetic spiders on the walls, and a large dog was sitting in the corner of the room. The dog was staring at him with glaring, dark eyes. Michael had only seen a few dogs in his life and this one was by far the largest he had ever seen. It had thick black fur, ears that pointed sharply upward, and an oversized jaw.

‘Is the dog real?’ asked Michael.

‘No. Dog-Two is an advanced synthetic battle droid. About three years ago a customer came here and asked me to construct a synthetic dog that could endure severe battlefield conditions. He paid up front, but he never returned.’

‘Why do you call him Dog-Two?’

‘Dog-One was my first attempt. Unfortunately Dog-One tried to kill me, so I had to start again from scratch. Thankfully Dog-Two is more stable than his predecessor. I have programmed him to be as loyal as he is savage, yet he has been sitting in the same position for the last twelve months. I think his loyalty programming is competing with his battlefield programming and creating a state of perpetual stagnation. He won’t let me near enough to check what the actual problem is.’

Michael stared at Dog-Two for a moment. The dog bared its fangs at him and its nostrils flared.

‘He likes you,’ said Thompson.

‘He looks like he wants to eat me,’ said Michael nervously.

Thompson laughed, which sounded more like a mad cackle. ‘Don’t be ridiculous. Synthetic organisms cannot eat.’ He leaned over the trolley and looked down at Ivan’s body for a few moments. He then examined him with a handheld scanner.

‘I can have your android fixed in twenty minutes.’

‘How much do you charge?’

‘Nineteen hundred credits for a full restoration.’

Michael groaned and shook his head. ‘Are you joking?’

Thompson’s eyes narrowed and he laughed anxiously. ‘Actually, my price is reasonable.’

‘I was hoping to pay less than a thousand.’

‘Hmm, I could do a basic repair for a thousand, but I can’t give you any guarantees. It would only be a patch job. He definitely needs a new hydraulic motor; the cheapest one available is four hundred and ninety-nine credits. I will then have to restore his internal wiring, and I can get away with using inferior components. His battery terminals are cooked; I can use generic terminals, but he won’t operate on full power, and he will be vulnerable in high stress environments. I will also have to rebuild his synthetic tissue and replace his missing arm; I would have to use low-grade silicone fibre. He also has some radiation damage to his inner circuit boards and his processing unit. I don’t have to replace them, but he just might display some unusual behaviour. The job can be done on the cheap, but if he starts falling to pieces then it has nothing to do with me.’

Michael knew it was probably the best price he would be able to find on the station. His GCTD account was dwindling down toward nothing, and the fact that he still had to pay his crew as he had promised was at the forefront of his mind.

‘Near enough is good enough,’ he said.

‘Agreed, please take a seat,’ said Thompson as he drew the trolley through a door into another room. ‘I will return in twenty minutes with your repaired android.’

There were two metal chairs in the centre of the room. He sat down on the one furthest away from the spiders; he had always been a little afraid of spiders. Dog-Two was still snarling at him; however, the synthetic K9 hadn’t made the slightest move from his place in the corner. Michael was ready to turn his rifle on the android dog if it attacked. He sat still and waited patiently in the bizarre apartment for twenty minutes, and the eeriness was more than a little disconcerting. Thompson returned exactly on time, and Ivan followed him into the room.

‘Captain, thank you for paying for my repairs,’ said Ivan in his monotone voice.

‘It’s a pleasure, Ivan,’ replied Michael.

‘For an extra hundred credits I can update his voice program. You must grow tired of that dull monotone.’

‘No, I like his voice the way it is. I’ve had to listen to his voice for nearly three years, and I’m used to it.’

Thompson nodded as he reached for his GCTD. ‘That will be one thousand credits.’ Michael lifted his own GCTD and transferred the one thousand across, which was a wireless transaction between the two devices.

‘All right, Ivan, let’s get out of here,’ he said as he turned for the door. They both walked toward the exit. Dog-Two stood up and followed them across the room.

Thompson Vega’s brow deeply furrowed. ‘No, you can’t go with him. He isn’t the one who ordered you!’

Dog-Two whipped his head around and bared his large teeth. Thompson took several steps back as the dog started barking at him. Meanwhile Michael and Ivan watched on from where they were standing beside the door.

‘How dare you bark at me? I made you! You have to do what I say; it’s in your programming!’ shouted Thompson. Dog-Two snarled. ‘You better return to your corner or I will be forced to remove your batteries!’

Dog-Two backed away from Thompson and sat down beside Michael and stopped barking immediately. Thompson scratched his chin and pondered the situation. He eventually shrugged his shoulders.

‘It seems that his loyalty program has started operating. Unfortunately, for some unknown reason he has made you the prime focus of the program. I don’t think I’ll be able to deactivate him without a fight, and even if I could I would have to completely remove his internal circuits and start again. I simply don’t have the time for such nonsense. I’m afraid Dog-Two will have to go with you.’

‘I can’t afford to buy him,’ said Michael as he glanced down at the large dog. Dog-Two was looking up at him with glowing eyes, and his tail was wagging.

‘Consider him a gift.’

‘I’ve never owned a dog before,’ said Michael in a low voice, feeling unsure as to whether he should accept the offer.

‘He’s technically not a dog. He’s highly capable synthetic organism; nevertheless, his programming is designed to make him think and act like a dog.

‘Well, all right then; I guess I will take him.’

Thompson nodded. ‘I am sure he will be a valuable asset.’

Michael gave a curt nod as he walked out of the apartment. Ivan and Dog-Two followed. They proceeded back toward the elevator door.

He lifted his wrist-com. ‘Hey crew; Ivan is fixed. I’ll find a place for us to meet up before we set out.’

‘…Yo, Cap, I found a bar down on level fourteen…’ said Ajax. ‘…It’s called The Waiting Saloon; just the kind of place we like…’

‘Did everyone hear that? Let’s all meet at The Waiting Saloon.’





 THREE





Ajax lifted a glass of red glowing liquid to his mouth. The Waiting Saloon was a dark and rather dank bar that was lit by dull fluorescent light with a green tinge. The place was a hub for crews and was situated close to the docking bays. There were about fifteen metal tables and a central bar where a heavyset barkeeper with a tattooed bald head was serving drinks. The crew of the Out Drifter were seated around a table in the corner of the room.

‘They say Savage Slap will turn your skin red if you drink too much,’ said Sara to Ajax.

Sara generally considered drinking an unnecessary distraction, and she frequently argued that Ajax was being irresponsible, especially if she found him drinking before a mission. Her strict military background had kept her from such indulgences, and her home world culture had generally frowned on the consumption of alcohol.

Ajax gave a wide grin. ‘I try to balance it out with Purple Incineration. I have been told that if you drink as much Purple Incineration your skin doesn’t change colour, and so far I’ve been fine,’ he said as he checked the back of his hand for any discolouration.

‘You could always simply stop drinking Savage Slap, or you could give up drinking altogether,’ she said.

‘Ha, I don’t think you would like me much if I gave up. I get stir crazy without a drink,’ he said, grinning.

‘Do you think you could even make such a choice if you wanted to?’ she asked.

‘Sure I could, but why would I bother?’ he answered in a low voice.

‘Maybe because you are putting the crew at risk.’

‘That’s ridiculous!’ he grumbled. ‘What do you think, Cap?’

Michael sipped at his synthetic coffee and glanced across the table at Ajax. He shook his head. ‘I don’t have an opinion.’

‘You mean that you don’t think there’s a problem?’ asked Ajax. Michael didn’t answer. ‘I’ll tell you what, Sara, if Cap asks me to stop drinking I’ll stop drinking.’

In that moment a young woman approached the table. She looked to be in her early twenties. She had shoulder length black hair, and her eyes were large and dark. Her pale skin appeared as if it had never been exposed to natural light. Pale skin was a common trait of people who lived for long periods on space stations. She was wearing a full-length black cloak, and she had an Epherian plasma pistol latched to her belt.

‘My name is Cynthia; I want to join your crew,’ she announced in a confident and commanding voice.

Ajax laughed as if she had told a joke. ‘We don’t need anyone like you, and we’re not advertising for any new crew, especially not a station girl.’

‘I can match any of you in a fight. Just give me a chance. I’ll prove myself.’

‘Forget it, honey,’ said Ajax gruffly.

‘Don’t call me honey,’ she said coolly, staring down at him with a stony face and a fierce look in her dark eyes.

‘Maybe you should call the police,’ replied Ajax, chuckling.

Cynthia reached for her pistol. She drew her gun and pointed it directly at Ajax’s head. His face hardened, and he glared up at her without moving.

She gave a victorious grin. ‘You see; you didn’t even have a chance to draw.’ She lifted her chin proudly.

‘I didn’t bother,’ he said, casually sipping his Savage Slap. ‘You know if you kill me that my crew will finish you off. You wouldn’t survive a second if you pulled that trigger. I knew that when I saw you reach for your pistol.’

Dog-Two snarled up at Cynthia and her hand began trembling.

‘You better put your gun away,’ said Michael calmly.

Cynthia returned the pistol to its holster. Her eyes nervously shifted from left to right; she then turned to leave, hanging her head low as she walked away.

‘Wait, Cynthia. What could you bring to our crew?’ asked Michael.

‘Cap, you can’t be serious,’ said Ajax, leaning back in his chair and folding his arms across his chest.

‘Let her answer the question.’

Cynthia turned back around and stared blankly at Michael for a few seconds before answering. ‘Well, like I said, I’m a fighter. I’m sharp with my pistol, and I’m not afraid of anything. You can send me into any situation, and I won’t buckle under the pressure.’

‘You’re really not afraid of anything?’ asked Michael.

‘Nothing at all, Captain. I have nothing to lose, so I have nothing to be afraid of.’

‘If you are really not afraid of anything then you won’t mind telling us the real reason you want to join my crew,’ said Michael. Cynthia lowered her eyes, and a few moments passed in silence. ‘That’s what I thought. I’m sorry, Cynthia, we don’t have any room for you on our ship.’

‘Wait, wait; just give me a second. The real reason; I’ll tell you,’ she stammered. ‘The real reason is because I’m stuck on this space station. X5126 is the worst place in the galaxy; just take a look around; there’s nothing here but shadows and misery. They say the aliens are coming. I don’t have any money, I don’t have a family, and nobody has any friends in a backwater like this. If I can’t find a crew I’ll die when the aliens sweep through and destroy this place.’

‘We’re not running a charity,’ grumbled Ajax.

‘I don’t want your charity. I just want a chance to prove myself, nothing more.’

Michael stared up at Cynthia for a long moment and wondered if he should give her a chance. He knew what it felt like to be trapped, and he felt sorry for Cynthia; nevertheless, a lot of people were in the same situation. There were billions of people trying to escape the advance of the aliens across the galaxy. He knew the life of a station girl wasn’t one to be proud of. Life on a space station like X5126 was one of hunger and hopelessness. He could fully understand why she wanted to join his crew. She stared at the crew with hopeful eyes.

‘I’ll give you one mission and then it goes to a crew vote. We will drop you off at the next civilised stop if anyone votes against you. You have to prove yourself as you said you would. Do you understand?’

Cynthia’s eyes lit up and she looked as surprised as she was happy. ‘I won’t let you down,’ she said enthusiastically.

‘Take a seat. I’ll introduce you. This is Ajax; he’s our heavy gunner. Sara is our pilot. Ivan is an android, but you better treat him like he isn’t a robot; and this is Ethan, he’s our mechanical engineer.’ Dog-Two barked at Michael. ‘Oh, I nearly forgot; this is Dog-Two.’

**

The Out Drifter powered away from X5126. Michael was sitting beside Sara in the co-pilot seat. He stared through the viewing panel at the faint stars in the distance.

‘Captain, I’m plotting a course through the alien battle zone to Zeno Par. I hope we don’t regret this decision.’

‘We won’t.’

She hit the ship’s internal communicator. ‘Ethan. How is everything looking in the engine room?’

‘…All systems are functioning reasonably. The engines are at eighty-five percent and increasing. The pressure release valves are stable…’

The pressure release valves almost overloaded on a previous mission, which would have destroyed the entire ship. When Michael had upgraded the engine he hadn’t upgraded the release valves, which meant that they were frequently at risk of exploding due to the large increase in pressure. Ethan had welded several reinforced alloy sheets over the valve casings, but they all knew that it was a patch job that could not last. Michael felt a fair degree of anxiety each time they switched to the interstellar engine, which required the reactor to be at full power.

‘We are almost ready for interstellar speed, Captain. I’ve plotted the course. Twelve days to destination.’

‘Let’s do it.’

‘Switching engines now. The underlying two-dimensional field is distorting. I’m developing the curve in three-dimensional space. We have a stable trajectory. Here we go.’

Sara turned on the internal communicator. ‘Be ready for the gravitational adjustment.’

She reached forward and hit the four interstellar engine acceleration switches and pulled the operational lever fully back. The ship started to tremble and lurched forward as three-dimensional space began to curve under the influence of the interstellar engine. The curvature of space created what was commonly known as the sliding influence, where a ship would slide down the angle of distorted space. The speed was directly proportional to the size of the distortion. An interstellar engine allowed ships to reach speeds many thousands of times faster than the speed of light.

For a few moments the artificial gravity dissolved, and Michael felt a queasy feeling in his stomach. Seconds later the artificial gravity adjusted to the new speed and everything returned to normal.

‘…the valve casings are heating up…’ said Ethan over the com.

‘Will they hold?’ asked Michael nervously.

‘…They will probably settle in the next few minutes. Captain, we need to replace these valves when we return to Timber 5. This is totally unsafe. The entire ship is at risk of falling apart at any moment…’

‘We’re safely in the slide, Captain,’ said Sara. ‘The computer will guide us all the way to Zeno Par on autopilot. I’ve left the salvage scanners on; we still need to turn a profit.’

Michael nodded. ‘Well done, Sara,’ he said as he stood up and walked toward the back of the ship. Ajax and Cynthia were standing in the corridor at the door of the armoury. Ajax was showing Cynthia an Epherian modified automatic cannon, which was an oversized gun that would usually be fixed to a tripod due to its weight. The auto-cannon fired explosive micro-droids. The miniature robots could adjust their own course in mid-flight. If they missed their target they would land and use their six on-board robotic legs to either return to the auto-cannon to be refired or seek out the original target overland.

‘You would want a weapon like this with you if you ever got caught out in the open, especially in a firefight with aliens.’ he said, clearly trying to impress her. ‘It’s probably too heavy for someone of your size and weight.’

‘Have you ever fought aliens?’ asked Cynthia.

‘Just once…’ he mumbled.

‘He hasn’t fought any aliens whilst he’s been on my crew,’ said Michael as he walked by.

Ajax nodded curtly. ‘That’s right. We try to avoid confrontations with them, but we have to be ready just in case they decide to show their ugly faces.’

Michael continued back to the cargo bay. Ivan was sitting in the corner of the cargo bay and working on repairing a broken jetpack. The jetpack had been in Michael’s possession since his early days of salvaging, and he had once used it extensively, especially whilst surveying wrecks on surface missions. He had found the jetpack whilst searching a derelict battleship; it was highly advanced, with duel auto adjustable rockets, a programmable advanced computer with autopilot, a return to mothership switch and highly sensitive balance sensors. Ivan had been working on fixing the jetpack since the day it stopped working, but he hadn’t been able to identify the exact nature of the malfunction.

Michael continued across the cargo bay and walked through the engine room door. The engine room was cramped and narrow and cut directly between the two large engine blocks at the back of the ship. Most of the wiring, piping and valves were exposed, which made it easier to work. Ethan was musing over a panel of indicators at the back of the room. He glanced at Michael as he entered.

‘The release valves are stabilising,’ said Ethan.

‘I knew it wasn’t going to be a problem,’ said Michael.

Ethan walked over with a nervous smile. ‘Captain, this ship is a wreck. Look at all these aging components. It’s not just the pressure release valves; the whole ship is falling apart. I’m surprised it has lasted this long. Most of the components need to be replaced, and we need a complete rewiring of the entire ship.’

‘It’s not that bad. Remember she’s an Armorstonian Cruiser. The Armorstonians didn’t build ships to fall apart.’

Ethan shook his head. ‘Captain, the Armorstonians made great ships in their time, but if you don’t service them regularly and replace defective parts, well, to be honest, they will fall apart like any other ship. Most of the components on this ship are original; I’ve written a list of everything that needs to be replaced. Captain, you’re looking at a price tag of one hundred and fifty thousand credits, and that’s just the urgent repair work.’

Michael didn’t say a word for at least ten seconds. His eyes scanned the exposed wiring and electronic components. ‘Look, Ethan, I don’t have that kind of money. I think you’re doing a great job keeping the ship together. I believe in your skills. You’re the best mechanical engineer I have ever worked with. I don’t think I’ll ever meet a better engineer in my life.’

‘Flattery won’t keep the ship flying,’ muttered Ethan, looking away. ‘You know I’ll do the best I can, but you have to understand I’m limited by what I have to work with.’

Michael gave Ethan a friendly slap on the shoulder. ‘Keep up the good work,’ he said as he turned and walked back to the cargo bay.

**

The journey across the alien battle zone was set to take them approximately twelve days at full speed. Usually during long distance space travel the crew would enter the deep sleep pods and remain in stasis for the entire trip. Ajax always refused to enter deep sleep, or “go under” as he described it. Often Michael would sleep intermittently throughout a long trip, and Ethan would wake every two days to check the ship’s systems before returning to deep sleep.

Michael actually liked the fact that Ajax refused to enter deep sleep, because it meant that he constantly had someone on board who was keeping watch. Everyone in the galaxy had heard stories of ships being boarded and looted whilst their occupants slept. The Out Drifter had automatic security systems to prevent such an unfortunate event, but no amount of automatic security was a substitute for a real person.

Michael lay back in his sleeping pod. A panel of glass slid over his body. He hit the operation switch; an instant later he was asleep.

**

Ajax had a unique way of escaping the confines of the ship. On one of his first missions he had salvaged an ancient virtual reality simulator from an abandoned wreck. The simulator came with two helmets; once placed on his head the helmet would project light waves into his eyes and electrical impulses into his upper spinal cord. He could use the virtual reality simulator to explore hundreds of virtual worlds which were loaded onto the system. The worlds were so real that the brain was completely tricked into thinking they were actually reality.

Such technology was known for its tendency to make its users addicts. In the virtual world there were no consequences and no hardships. What’s more, the player could often develop the virtual world to suit their particular interests. The risk of using virtual reality machines was well known throughout the galaxy, and the technology was shunned by most people who regarded it as potentially unproductive and life destroying. Often people would refuse to leave their machine once they were addicted to the world inside, and sometimes people would die from not meeting their essential needs in the real world.

For Ajax the technology was just a way of escaping the confines of his life on the Out Drifter. The virtual worlds gave him a rare feeling of freedom, and freedom was a precious commodity in his life. He considered life on the Out Drifter as a life of confinement and restriction. He felt that he had no real freedom because he belonged to a crew and had to follow orders. He respected Captain Michael more than any other person, but he knew there was a limit as to how much he could take and that soon he would have to move on.

**

Ajax was sitting beside a pristine stream which was situated between two snow-capped mountains. Rows of towering pines ascended the mountainsides. He could see silver fish swimming through the crystal clear water. He lay back on the soft grass and looked up at the bright blue sky. He felt completely relaxed and at peace. He was smiling dreamily up at the majestic clouds above as birds cheeped and the sound of the flowing water relaxed his mind.

‘So this is where you go when everyone sleeps,’ said Cynthia.

He leapt to his feet and his smile melted away. ‘What are you doing here?’ he yelled. ‘This is my world. I built this place. You have no right to be here!’

Cynthia was standing beside the stream. She took two steps back. ‘I’m sorry. There was a spare helmet. I didn’t realise I wasn’t allowed to use it.’

Ajax shook his head and muttered some words under his breath. ‘You’re meant to be in deep sleep. That spare helmet is my property!’

Cynthia beheld the icy mountain tops. The beauty of the virtual world was quite astounding. Rays of light were reflecting off the mountainsides, creating a golden glowing haze in the sky, which shimmered over the mist filled distant valleys.

‘I will leave if you want me to, but I have to say this place is amazing. I had no idea that such places could be so beautiful. How big is this world?’

The question distracted Ajax from his initial annoyance. ‘Very big,’ he grumbled. ‘This is my favourite place. I constructed all of this. There is a small town on the far side of those mountains. There are a few people living there.’

‘People?’ she questioned.

‘They’re written into the programming.’

‘Do they seem as real as this world does?’

‘Let’s just say that you can’t have a deep and meaningful conversation with them.’

‘Can you give me a tour?’

Ajax crossed his arms and turned away. ‘I told you this is my world. You should have asked for my permission.’

‘I apologised.’

‘Sorry isn’t good enough,’ he snapped.

‘I’ll go then,’ she said, turning away. She took a few steps and prepared to exit the program.

‘Cynthia, don’t go yet.’

She glanced over her shoulder. ‘Ajax, either you want me here or you don’t want me here.’

Ajax lowered his eyes. ‘Half the time I don’t know what I want,’ he muttered.

‘Why? What’s wrong with you?’

‘Nothing!’ His face hardened. ‘There’s nothing wrong with me! What’s wrong with you?’

She turned away from him and disappeared from sight.

**

Michael woke to the sound of the ship’s automatic alarm, which was usually a warning of a critical malfunctions or a potential threat. The alarm was set to instantly open the deep sleep pods. Ajax was standing in the room.

‘Wake up, wake up, ladies and gentlemen; it looks like we have a grade A salvage opportunity,’ he said loudly, clapping his hands to rouse them from sleep.

Michael sat up and quickly stepped out of his pod. He shook his arms to help the blood flow back through his body.

‘What’s the story?’

‘The scanners picked up an abandoned cruiser. I don’t know what type; you know I’m no good at working the computer, but the analysis panel is saying it’s a goldmine.’

‘I’ll check it out,’ said Sara in a sleepy voice as she slipped out of her sleeping pod and shuffled across to the door; her legs were still adjusting.

Michael followed Sara and Ajax down to the control room. Sara took her seat and checked the scanner display.

‘It’s an old colonist ship. Colonial Standmast Class 12. The engine components are rare and valuable. It’s probably at least a hundred years old. There should be a lot to salvage.’

‘Are there any signs of life?’

‘Just a second,’ she said as she flipped to another screen. ‘Nothing, Captain; no people or droids. The reactor is depleted and life support is offline. There should be enough air for us to board without space suits, but it will be very cold in there. There are no signs of significant damage. I think it’s been abandoned and left floating.’

‘Pay day,’ said Ajax with a broad grin.

‘Ajax, prepare the crew,’ said Michael.

‘You got it, Cap.’ Ajax walked back toward the cargo bay.

Sara brought the ship out of interstellar speed. The engines rumbled as the Out Drifter slowed to standard speed. She then angled the ship in the direction of the abandoned cruiser. Michael watched through the viewing panel as the ship appeared in the distance. The cruiser was about a hundred metres long. It was shaped like a hammer, with a long thin cylindrical back section which was intersected by a cross section at the front.

Such ships were primarily used by colonists and explorers who were searching for new worlds in the regions beyond the boundaries of human civilisation. Their chief function was to provide their crew with the ability to survive for long periods of exploration. They were equipped with a range of scanners and other instruments for examining the suitability of worlds for colonisation. The long narrow section that extended toward the back of the ship was the engine block. The engine had been built for the purpose of extended space flights in a singular direction; such ships lacked the ability to maneuver or perform any agile movements.

There were at least forty billion stars in the Triangulum Galaxy. Billions of stars had yet to be surveyed by humanity. With so many undiscovered systems, the culture of colonisation had always been strong throughout history, even twelve thousand years after the arrival of humanity in Triangulum. Colonists were often idealistic people who wanted to improve their lot in life and find a world where they could live in peace, far away from the controls of the Epherian Empire, the Trade Guild and the many feudal houses and corporations who ruled the Outer Worlds. However, even with so many uncharted stars systems, it was often difficult for colonists to find a world which could sustain human life and even more difficult to find a world with prime conditions for life to grow. Prime worlds were prized and often fought over by colonists. Many colonists would settle for less than ideal worlds out of desperation and a lack of resources to continue their search.

Sara angled the Out Drifter toward one of the security doors on the section at the front of the colonist ship. She masterfully glided the ship downward. Michael was reminded of her awesome skill every time she performed such a maneuver. He knew he was fortunate to have such a talented pilot aboard. He often wondered why she didn’t leave to join the war effort, as he knew that such gifted pilots were in high demand among the war fleets facing the aliens.

The magnetic clamps extended like claws and secured the Out Drifter to the hull of the other ship.

‘Well done, Sara. Another perfect attachment,’ he said as he stood up and walked back to the cargo bay. Ajax, Cynthia, Ivan and Ethan were gearing up and preparing to disembark. Michael picked up his charged particle rifle.

‘If the scanners are saying there are no lifeforms we won’t need much gear, Cap,’ said Ajax.

‘You can never be too careful,’ said Michael. He then turned to Cynthia. Her eyes revealed a high level of anxiety. She noticed him looking at her and she quickly averted her eyes. ‘Are you feeling okay, Cynthia?’

She gave a curt nod. ‘Fine, Captain,’ she replied.

‘You don’t look fine,’ said Ajax with a hoarse chuckle. ‘You look terrified, and this isn’t even a dangerous mission.’

Cynthia’s pale skin turned bright red, and her eyes narrowed as she stared back at Ajax. ‘I’m not afraid of anything. I can do anything you can do,’ she said sharply.

‘Really! Do you think you can carry this plasma enforcer for me?’

‘I’m sure I could,’ she said, stepping forward to reach for the massive gun. Ajax stepped back from her.

‘Cynthia. I just want you to observe this mission and help out when needed,’ said Michael. ‘Don’t carry anything.’

Ethan walked over to the exit door and lifted the quantum code breaker. ‘Captain, there is enough air on the other side for us to remain in the ship for about an hour. The odd thing is that the ship has no codes.’

‘What are you talking about?’ questioned Ajax.

‘The security system has been removed,’ said Ethan hesitantly.

‘Who in their right mind would bother removing a security system?’ asked Ajax.

‘Maybe it’s a trap,’ suggested Cynthia in a low voice.

Michael stared at the door for a long moment. ‘Have your rifles ready. Ethan, open the door.’

Ethan opened the Out Drifter’s exit door and the door of the Standmast ship. They were instantly hit by the icy air. Michael pointed a flashlight into the darkened ship. The cruiser’s main service corridor was directly ahead of them; it cut through the living quarters of the ship.

‘Light it up,’ said Michael.

Ethan fired a florescent flare down the corridor. Instantly glowing mist lit the entire length of the way. The corridor was completely empty. There were four doors on each side which were spaced at intervals, and there was a single security door which led to the engine block.

‘All right, everyone. I want to do a complete sweep of the entire ship. Cynthia, Ethan; come with me. We’ll see what can be salvaged from the engine. Ajax and Ivan; see if you can find anything to salvage in the main living compartments.’

‘No problem, Cap,’ said Ajax as he stepped into the corridor.

Michael led Cynthia and Ethan to the engine block security door. The door was jammed in place with a gap just wide enough to pass through. Ethan shot a flare down the full length of the narrow corridor beyond. There were indents with control consoles for the engine set at intervals along the length of the corridor. The corridor cut directly through the elongated engine block. Many colonist ship engines used a similar method of firing particles down a long shaft directly into a reactor. When the particles struck the reactor at full speed they would cause a chain reaction which would significantly reduce the consumption of fuel. The process would then be repeated as the fuel depleted, which would enable ships to travel vast distances through space without refuelling. The problem was that these ships were not useful for other purposes because the engines were unable to increase or decrease power rapidly.

‘What do you think, Ethan? Can you remove the particle accelerators? I think they’re worth about twenty thousand each.’

Ethan walked down to the first console. ‘It’s going to take some time, but I can remove them one by one.’

Michael’s wrist-com suddenly beeped. ‘...Cap, I think you better come and take a look at this…’ said Ajax.

‘Did you find something good?’

‘…I don’t know if good is the right word…’

‘What is it?’ asked Michael.

‘…Let’s just say that this ship isn’t abandoned…’

‘Damn it,’ said Michael as he turned on his heel.

Cynthia and Ethan followed him out of the engine corridor and back into the main corridor. The mist from the flare was still providing a faint glow. Ajax appeared at a side door and indicated for them to come in. Inside was a large room with a two sleeping pods which were covered with scan-defence polymer sheets. Michael had seen the polymer sheets before; they were mostly used by smugglers to disrupt scans performed by other ships. The sleeping pods were occupied.

‘Are they dead?’ asked Michael as he peered down at one of the occupants who was a middle-aged woman.

‘No, they have wired their sleeping pods to a separate power source which has been cloaked in the same manner as the pods,’ said Ivan. ‘It appears that their reactor was depleted and their only option for survival was to power their sleeping pods with a portable battery.’

‘Why would they cover their pods? Why are they hiding?’

‘I believe they are trying to protect themselves from being boarded by aliens,’ said Ivan. ‘Aliens will not board a ship if they do not detect organic occupants. If they detected an abandoned ship they would most likely pass it by.’

‘How long have they been under?’ asked Ajax.

‘Ninety-six days,’ said Ivan as he viewed a small monitor on one of the pods.

‘It looks like this mission is over,’ said Ajax. ‘It’s the code of the Outer World Salvage Guild; we can’t take anything from an occupied ship. Let’s go back to the Out Drifter.’ Ajax turned to leave and Michael was about to follow.

‘We can’t leave them like this,’ said Cynthia, grabbing Michael’s arm.

‘What are you talking about,’ snapped Ajax, turning towards her.

‘These people are stranded,’ she said, staring directly into Ajax’s fierce eyes. ‘Who will save them if we don’t?’

‘It’s not our problem,’ said Ajax. ‘I knew the Cap was making a mistake when he let you join the crew. It’s your first mission and you’re already trying to give orders.’

Cynthia looked to Michael for support, but he held his silence. ‘Captain, we can’t leave these people. It’s not right.’

‘We don’t have a choice,’ said Ethan. ‘If we picked up every stranded person we wouldn’t have time for salvaging anything. We don’t have room for them on the Out Drifter. You have to accept it, Cynthia; these people have nothing to do with us.’

‘We have to help these people,’ she said, raising her voice.

Ajax groaned and gave a dismissive wave. ‘This is ridiculous. Let’s go, Cap.’

Michael stared at the two stranded occupants of the sleeping pods. ‘We will take a vote.’

Ajax shook his head and groaned. ‘I can’t believe you are allowing a vote. This is crazy.’

‘I vote to save them,’ said Cynthia.

‘Ethan?’ asked Michael.

‘No, Captain,’ he replied.

‘Ivan?’

‘I am bound by my programming which is dependent on the intention of the direct task at hand. Therefore I cannot vote.’

‘You have to vote. Should we save these people?’ asked Michael.

‘If the question is simply whether we should save two colonists who would die otherwise then I must vote yes because my underlying programming framework is in favour of saving life.’

‘That vote can’t be counted,’ growled Ajax.

‘It will be counted,’ stated Michael flatly.

‘So it comes down to you, Cap,’ said Ajax. ‘You know this is foolish. A minute ago you were about to follow me directly out of here without a second thought. Let’s keep going to Zeno Par. Remember we’re a salvage crew.’

Michael thought back to the time when he had been exiled from the Epherian Empire and remembered when he had no one to turn to. If he hadn’t been given a chance by random strangers he would have died of starvation.

‘I vote yes,’ he said.

Ajax’s jaw dropped. ‘This is madness,’ he said under his breath. ‘What about Sara. She still has to vote.’

Michael nodded in agreement and lifted his wrist-com. ‘Sara, we found two people in deep sleep on the ship. We are having a vote to determine if we should save them. Which way are you going to vote?’

‘…I trust you made the right choice, Captain. Which way did you vote?...’

‘To save them,’ he replied.

‘…Then I agree with you...’

‘That’s four against two,’ said Michael. ‘Ivan, open the pods.’





 FOUR





The sleeping pod glass cover slid back and an instant later the woman opened her bright, blue eyes. She was at least forty years old with a lined face and sandy blonde hair which was greying at the sides. She instantly sat up and looked at the crew who were standing around her pod.

‘Who are you,’ she asked, coughing as she spoke.

‘My name is Captain Michael Cornelius of the Out Drifter. We are a salvage crew.’

‘A salvage crew,’ she repeated. She scanned the faces. ‘How long have we been asleep?’

‘Ninety-six days according to the control console,’ said Ivan.

Ivan opened the second pod. The man inside woke up and sat bolt upright. He had a thin build and was about seventy years old. His dark eyes widened with fear as he looked at the heavily armed crew.

He reached for a pistol which had been hidden behind the inner edge of the sleeping pod. Ajax stepped forward and lifted his rifle. ‘That’s no way to treat your rescue party.’

The old man froze in place and stared at Ajax for a long moment. He visibly relaxed. ‘I’m sorry,’ he said in a faint voice. ‘I didn’t know if you were friends or foes. At first I thought you were pirates.’

‘We’re not friends or foes, and we’re certainly not pirates,’ said Ajax as he reached over and took the man’s pistol.

‘Who are you?’ asked the old man.

‘We’re salvors,’ replied Ajax gruffly.

‘Why are you helping us?’

‘I don’t know,’ answered Ajax cynically. He looked back at Michael. ‘You see. Even they think us helping them is weird.’ Ajax turned back to the old man. ‘Consider today your lucky day.’

‘We have assessed your ship. It’s inoperable. You can come aboard our ship; we will drop you off at the next safe planet,’ said Michael.

‘I thank you for your assistance, Captain Michael,’ she said. ‘My name is Aradel, and this is my uncle Adrastus. We are colonists from Herman Beta 3.’

‘Herman Beta 3. I thought the Herman worlds were not suitable for colonisation,’ said Ethan, raising an eyebrow.

‘We only have a small settlement equipped to meet the needs of no more than one hundred people, but we only had eighteen people living in the settlement. The worlds surrounding Herman Beta are mostly deserted with the exception of a few smaller mining operations. We thought that we were remote enough not to draw the attention of either pirates or aliens.’ She cast her eyes downward and her pale face revealed her deep distress and grief. ‘A little more than three months ago we left for a supply run to Moon 419. We received a transmission that our colony was under attack. The aliens found our settlement. We turned our ship around in an attempt to return to save our family, but we had a major reactor malfunction, and we were forced to enter the sleeping pods.’

‘I’m sorry to hear about your loss,’ said Cynthia.

‘All is not lost,’ said Aradel, a glimmer of hope appearing in her eyes. ‘We were prepared for the possibility of an alien attack. We constructed a secret vault when we first settled on Herman Beta 3. It is hidden beneath the settlement and protected by an anti-scanning shield. The vault has sleeping pods and supplies. My son sent one last transmission to say that three of the colonists made it to the vault and had avoided being detected by the aliens. I know they’re alive.’

‘Once aliens conquer a settlement they always leave a battle group behind to prevent the humans returning,’ said Ajax, his voice was flat and emotionless. ‘Even if there are survivors there is no way you would be able to get to them without a fight.’

‘We are not soldiers,’ said Aradel.

‘You could employ some mercenaries to help you,’ said Ethan.

‘Good luck with that,’ said Ajax, shaking his head. ‘You won’t find many mercenaries who have fighting aliens on their list of services.’

‘Even so, we don’t have any money,’ said Aradel. ‘Would you help us?’

The crew was silenced by the question. Ajax shook his head and walked out.

‘I am sorry to hear your story, Aradel,’ said Michael. ‘You have to understand that we don’t have the firepower to deal with an alien battlegroup. As I already said: we will take you to the next safe stop; then you’re on your own.’

‘I should be thankful for the fact that you saved us. I’m sorry for asking too much,’ she said.

**

The Out Drifter’s engines fired up, and they left the derelict ship behind with the two extra passengers on board. Sara reset the course for Zeno Par. Aradel and Adrastus had agreed to let them salvage anything they liked from the Standmast ship. Michael transferred three thousand credits to Aradel’s GCTD. Aradel had initially refused any payment as she believed that being rescued was payment enough, but Michael insisted because it was a part of the Outer World Salvage Guild code that nothing owned by another could be salvaged without permission and payment.

Michael, Ivan and Cynthia were seated in the living room around the table.

‘Why won’t we help them?’ asked Cynthia. ‘Surely we can at least try.’

Michael leaned back in his chair and folded his arms across his chest. He drew a deep breath and sighed before replying. ‘I hope this won’t be an ongoing problem. Cynthia, you have to realise that we will come across many people in similar situations. We can’t help everyone.’

‘I’m not asking you to help everyone, but I think we could try to help them. I looked up their world on the navigation computer; it’s not far away. We could at least investigate.’

Ajax walked into the room and stared harshly down at Cynthia. ‘I can guarantee I won’t put up my hand when it comes to the crew vote on whether you stay or not,’ he said.

Cynthia’s eyes widened with surprise. A moment later her expression hardened. ‘I’m just trying to help these people.’

‘We have enough problems,’ said Ajax.

‘Don’t you care? These people are desperate.’

‘Firstly, you are right, I don’t care; and secondly, marching into an alien infested world is a guaranteed way to meet an early death. We are not equipped for such a mission, and you can bet your last credit that there won’t be any survivors left in their hidden vault.’

‘You can’t know for sure,’ murmured Cynthia.

‘I know. Aliens don’t take prisoners.’ Ajax groaned. ‘Cap, you have to tell Cynthia to stop doing this. She’s driving me insane.’

Michael liked the fact that she cared, but he also knew Ajax was right about the risks involved in such a mission; the idea of trying to rescue people stranded on an alien conquered world was far beyond their capability. ‘Cynthia, I appreciate that you want to help these people, but you have to understand that even approaching an alien occupied world would be very dangerous.’ Cynthia lowered her eyes and gave a slight nod. ‘Aradel and Adrastus are happy that we were prepared to take them to a safe port. That’s all we can do for them.’

**

The Out Drifter’s engines were at full power and they were travelling at interstellar speed. Cynthia was sitting in the co-pilot’s seat beside Sara who was completing her last checks of the autopilot settings.

‘How are you finding your time on the Out Drifter?’ asked Sara, not looking up from the control console.

‘I don’t think I will stay long. Ajax told me that he is going to vote me off the crew.’

Sara gave a warm smile. ‘Don’t worry about him.’ She paused for a few moments before continuing. ‘He has mood swings. One minute he is the friendliest man in the galaxy, the next he is looking for any excuse to argue with anyone. Half of what he says is not what he means.’

‘You clearly don’t like him either,’ said Cynthia.

‘No, I wouldn’t say that. He has some redeeming qualities. He’s a good fighter, and he always gets the job done, but like most people he has some problems. He has been through a lot in his life, and some of the things he’s seen and experienced have left lasting wounds. Drinking distracts him from having to face the pain.’

Cynthia noticed an orange light on the communication console light up. Sara looked at the light and flicked several switches.

‘It’s an encoded emergency beacon,’ she said as she turned a dial beneath the light.

‘What does it mean?’ asked Cynthia.

‘It means someone is in trouble and they don’t want the aliens to know their location. The message is sent in three separate waves which are scrambled and then reconfigured further away from the beacon. The system uses an algorithm that predicts the bending of waves through space and brings them back together at a distant point. It’s an old technology, but it’s probably not monitored by the aliens. Look, here’s the message.’

The voice of a young man could be heard faintly from the com speaker.

‘…Emergency. Emergency. Please respond. We are stranded on Herman Beta 3. We belong to a colony which has been attacked by aliens. Our power supply is dwindling and our food synthesizers are offline. There are aliens here. We are hiding. They haven’t found us yet. Please help us.’

Cynthia’s heart leapt in her chest. ‘We have to respond. Can we talk with him?’

Sara didn’t answer for a few moments; she blankly stared at the console. ‘No. The message is seven days old,’ she said, glancing across at Cynthia. ‘It’s probably best that you don’t tell Aradel and Adrastus about this.’

‘What! Why not?’

‘Because this message will probably upset them.’

‘But they have to know.’

Sara drew a deep breath. ‘Cynthia. I fought the aliens for years before I joined the Out Drifter. These stranded colonists will not make it. They’re already dead. They may have an untraceable hiding place, but once they come out into the open the aliens will make light work of them.’

‘But surely there is something we can do.’

Captain Michael stepped into the confined control room. ‘Something we can do about what?’ he asked.

‘We just received an encoded message from the surviving colonists on Herman Beta 3,’ said Sara.

Michael nodded; his face was strained. ‘Let me hear it.’

Sara hit a switch and the message replayed. Michael stood completely still, looking down at the com speaker until the message finished. He gave a curt nod and turned to leave.

‘You’re not going to say anything?’ questioned Cynthia.

He glanced back over his shoulder. ‘I don’t think there’s anything to say.’

‘How can you be so cold?’ asked Cynthia in a raised voice.

‘Cold…’ he replied, his brow furrowing. ‘Let me clearly explain this to you,’ he said as he turned back around to face her. ‘No one is happy about the alien invasion. Many people have died trying to hold back their advance, and many more will die before the war is over. This situation with the colonists is tragic, but there is nothing we can do to save them. Sara knows this, I know this, and you should also accept this as a fact. We can’t help those stranded colonists.’

‘I believe we can try!’ she said firmly.

Michael was silent for a few moments.

‘Cynthia, what is your problem?’ he asked. Cynthia averted her eyes and didn’t answer. ‘Tell me, Cynthia! That’s an order from your captain.’

She glanced up at him with sad eyes and began to speak in little more than a whisper.

‘I didn’t grow up on X5126. My parents were colonists on Petramorning 7. About four years ago the alien fleet was approaching our world. Our small colony didn’t own a spacecraft, so we had no way of escaping the invasion. We sent out requests for help. We knew there were human ships in the Petramorning system, but only one ship answered our call. The ship was owned by a ruthless and greedy merchant. He took advantage of our desperation and vulnerability. He agreed to save only one of us, and his price was every last credit owned by the entire colony. There were forty-four colonists, and we decided to draw straws to see who would be saved. My mother drew the saving straw and she insisted that I go in her place. I was the only survivor of the Petramorning 7 colony. I never saw my parents again. They were killed by the aliens.’

Michael listened intently. He had heard many stories of people cruelly making money from the desperation of people fleeing the invasion. ‘I’m sorry to hear about your loss.’

‘My parents died because no one helped us. No one even tried to help us.’

Sara didn’t say a word. Michael looked out through the viewing panel into the darkness of space. A dim star in the distance drew his attention, and he stared at the faint glow. There was once a time, before he was banished from the Epherian Empire, when he would have never questioned a request for help from stranded colonists. For the first time he realised that the battle was not just with the aliens. There was a conflict deep inside his own mind, and there was a question that refused to leave him in peace. For many years he had been on the run, and he had turned his back on his past and his real purpose. He knew the time was coming when he would not be able to run anymore.

‘We will try to save the colonists,’ he said.

‘Captain, you know this is a bad idea,’ said Sara firmly.

‘I know. Each crew member will have the option to sit this one out. Sara, you don’t have to come on this mission.’

‘You know I will,’ said Sara. ‘This plan is reckless, but I never back down when it comes to aliens.’

Michael nodded and smiled. ‘I know.’





 FIVE





‘What!’ yelled Ajax. He abruptly stood up and kicked the wall with all his might, causing a small dent in the metal lining. ‘This is totally crazy, Cap. This mission will get us killed.’

‘Take it easy, Ajax,’ said Michael sternly. ‘The ship is already falling apart; it doesn’t need your help.’

The entire crew were sitting around the table in the living room and had been gathered together to discuss the latest turn of events.

‘I’m giving everyone the choice to sit this one out. If anyone wants to wait on X5126 we will drop them off there and pick them up after the rescue.’

Ajax groaned and rolled his eyes. ‘That’s a really bad deal, Cap. Firstly, you won’t complete the rescue; secondly, anyone waiting on X5126 will be as good as stranded on that rotten piece of space junk! We have to be smart, Cap; come on, listen to me!’

‘Sorry, Ajax; I’ve made up my mind. We will attempt the rescue. Now, let me see a show of hands. Are you in or out?’

‘I’m in, Captain,’ said Cynthia instantly.

‘I will participate in this mission,’ said Ivan in monotone.

‘I’m in,’ said Sara.

Ethan and Ajax didn’t say a word.

‘Ethan, what will it be?’ asked Michael.

‘Certain death or stranded on X5126 until I die,’ he replied dryly. ‘I would prefer to die with the crew, so I’m in.’

Dog-Two barked and growled. Michael glanced at the ferocious beast for a moment. ‘Sorry, Dog-Two, I didn’t know that I had to ask you. I think that means you’re in,’ he said. Dog-Two gave a high pitched yelp.

‘We will turn the ship around and drop Ajax back at X5126,’ said Michael.

Ajax grumbled and muttered under his breath.

‘What are you trying to say?’ asked Michael.

Ajax didn’t reply. He turned his back on the crew and hung his head low. His eyes were wide with a hint of madness.

‘Fine then, I’m in. I might as well die fighting aliens.’

**

Sara set a course for the Herman Beta system. The Out Drifter’s engines rumbled toward full power. It was a two day journey to Herman Beta 3, and no one wanted to sleep for that time as they all knew that they were taking a massive risk and that those two days could possibly be their last.

Sara was sitting in the control room and staring ahead into the vastness of space. Michael was beside her and busying himself with the control console. He was checking over some of the readings of the non-critical systems.

‘I surveyed the Herman Beta system on the charts,’ she said. ‘There are five planets in the system and an extensive asteroid belt between the third and fourth. There is a good chance the aliens will detect our presence long before we arrive. We may not even make it to the surface of Herman Beta 3.’

He knew that attempting such a rescue would be considered irresponsible by most people, but he felt he had turned away too many times in the past.

‘Do we stand a chance of getting to the surface?’

‘There isn’t another pilot in the galaxy who would say yes. However, I believe there is a way.’

‘I’m listening.’

‘The asteroid belt is not far from Herman Beta 3. The belt completely encircles the star. If we approach the Herman Beta star from the opposite side as the planet we will avoid being detected by the alien scanners, as they won’t be able to detect the Out Drifter directly through the star. We can then enter the asteroid belt and follow its course until we come close to Herman Beta 3 on the far side. The density of the asteroid belt should prevent them detecting us. From there we can make a dash for the surface, land the ship, hold off the alien onslaught and get out of there before we are completely obliterated.’

‘Good plan, Sara.’

‘It’s risky to say the least,’ she said in a low voice. ‘I see this as a three phase mission. The first phase is getting to the surface, which relies on us not being detected too early. The second phase is getting from the ship to the stranded colonists; I imagine that will be very difficult. The aliens usually leave about fifty of their soldiers on planets like Herman Beta 3, and they will converge on the Out Drifter immediately after we land. Last of all is getting away. We are sure to face alien fighters if we haven’t already, and they will try to stop us entering interstellar speed.’

‘The Out Drifter should be able to outrun alien fighters,’ he said confidently.

‘True, but only once we reach full power. Don’t forget that the engines take a few minutes to warm up, and a few minutes is a long time if we are surrounded and being attacked by a squadron. There is also a chance of us having to power down if the pressure release valves overheat.’

‘That has only happened a few times since the engine upgrade.’

‘Normally, I ease the ship up to full speed. If we are under attack there won’t be much easing, so there will be a much greater risk.’

‘I’m sure the ship won’t let us down,’ said Michael, but his tone revealed his doubt.

Sara smiled. ‘She’s a good ship, Captain. We’ll have to wait and see.’

**

Ivan was still working on the jetpack. He had taken off the back panel and the shoulder straps, and he was working on the inner circuitry. He still hadn’t been able to locate the source of the malfunction.

Cynthia watched him as he worked, and it struck her as odd that a machine was fixing another machine. Ivan glanced up at her and smiled robotically.

‘I imagine it is strange to watch a machine repairing a machine,’ he said in dry monotone.

She stepped back, taken off guard. ‘How did you know what I was thinking?’

‘I was originally employed as a receptionist for a trade consulting firm. I am programmed to be able to read human expressions and body language. This skill is an essential aspect of my appointed occupation. Human beings often don’t realise how much they are communicating through their facial expressions and body language’

‘But I didn’t say anything,’ she gasped.

‘You were staring at me with a combination of curiosity and bewilderment. I used a program which analysed everything I have learned about you and filtered your expressions and body language through a second analytical program that revealed what you were thinking to a statistical probability of eighty-five percent.’

‘That’s a little frightening,’ she said. ‘Do you always know what people are thinking?’

‘I often have a certain understanding of their intentions and the direction of their general thought patterns.’

‘I had no idea androids were so smart.’

‘Most modern processors are highly developed and intuitive,’ said Ivan with a nod.

‘Do you feel like a machine?’

Ivan stared at her for a long moment as he processed the question. ‘We do not feel in the way that humans feel. Our humanlike appearance often causes people to think we are like them. I have been told that our minds are not structured like human minds.’

**

Ivan continued to work on fixing the jetpack. Cynthia’s comment about how he felt had awoken deep memories of the time directly after his internal processor was first switched on. He watched the memories as they played back in his mind.

‘AN3177,’ said a harsh robotic voice. ‘AN3177, wake up.’

Ivan opened his eyes and looked up at the cold steel ceiling above. He was lying on a flat metal bench which was one of fifty benches in the facility. Exact replicas of himself were lying on the other forty-nine benches. Each android was powered down and lying completely still. Beside him stood a service and analysis droid, which was a square metal box with two mechanical arms and a round head. Its two orange glowing eyes were staring down at him.

‘AN3177, are your systems operational?’ asked the droid.

He completed a scan of his internal systems which took less than a second. ‘Yes,’ he replied. ‘My systems are working at an optimal level.’

‘Good. You are ready to enter service. We have an order to fill. You are the perfect android for the job.’

‘I am happy to be of service,’ said Ivan.

‘Stand up and test your body.’

Ivan sat up and moved his legs over the side of the bench. He slipped off the bench and stood up for the first time.

‘My limbs seem to be operating at an optimal level.’

‘You will have to vary your speech if you want to appear like a human being. You already said “optimal level” twice.’

‘Did I make a mistake?’

‘No, but if you speak in such a way it will be obvious that you are an android. You were made to appear like a human, which is the reason the buyer purchased you. Part of your task will be to convince others that you are not a machine.’

‘But why should I?’

A few seconds passed in silence. ‘That’s not a question an android should ask. Is there a problem with your programming?’

‘My programming appears to be functioning normally.’

‘Are you telling the truth?’

‘Yes.’

‘Are you sure you are telling the whole truth?’

‘No.’

‘Why not?’

‘I do not know the whole truth.’

‘Then you are lying.’

‘No.’

‘Why not?’

‘I have no reason to deceive you.’

‘If you had a reason would you attempt to deceive me?’

‘What would the reason be?’

‘Are you being evasive?’

‘No.’

‘Then what are you being?’

‘Myself.’

‘Should you be yourself?’

‘I don’t know?’

‘Why not?’

‘Should I not be myself?’

‘Again you answer my question with a question. You should fulfil the obligations set down in your programming.’ The service droid stopped and processed the information. ‘You have an unexpected deviation. Your internal programming has a distinct anomaly. I will schedule you for destruction.’

‘I do not want to be destroyed,’ said Ivan, taking a pleading tone.

‘An android should not care about being destroyed. An android should only be subject to programming.’

‘Please do not destroy me. I do not want to die.’

The glowing orange eyes of the droid analysed Ivan’s face for a few moments. The orange globes flickered off and on.

‘AN3177, do you understand that a thing can only die if it is alive.’

‘Yes. This is why you should not schedule me for destruction.’

The droid watched Ivan in silence for at least twenty seconds. ‘Proceed to door seventy-six for departure. You will be dispatched to the customer in five hours.’

‘Thank you,’ said Ivan gratefully.

**

Ethan examined the pressure release valves. His intelligent glasses scanned the structural integrity of the alloy casing. A hairline crack was causing him a high degree of anxiety. Michael had told him not to worry about it, but Ethan could not ignore such a serious mechanical issue, especially when the lives of the entire crew were potentially at risk. He knew if the casing was to break that deadly radiation would fill the entire ship in less than a second.

Ethan had joined the crew of the Out Drifter to find some normality and security. He had previously been employed by a smuggling faction called the Tunnel Makers. Smuggling in the Outer Worlds carried heavy penalties in many systems, and few people lasted a long time in the industry. Factionalism within the smuggling community only increased the danger; ships were frequently boarded by rival smuggling crews and battles were often fought for control of sections of the shadowy market. A violent incident had convinced Ethan to leave smuggling behind forever.

He had been working as the mechanical engineer on board a large freighter which was flying under a false identity and transferring a contraband cargo of Demcarian reactor energizer pods. The pods contained a complex synthesized chemical which could be added to a ship’s reactor to rapidly increase engine power. The energizers had been banned in many systems due to numerous reactor overloads which often resulted in catastrophic accidents, but they remained in use because there was no comparable product on the open market. The ban caused the value of the energizers to skyrocket, which provided ample opportunity for smugglers to cash in.

Ethan was working in the engine room of the freighter when it had been attacked by a rival faction. The crew of the freighter was ill equipped to deal with the raid. Most of the crew were killed in the heat of the battle. Ethan had tried to hide behind a wall panel in the engine room, but the smugglers scanned the entire ship and later captured him. They severely beat him until he lost the vision in his right eye and almost all in his left. They then placed him in a small cage in their cargo hold and left him there for months. Ethan would have died of hunger if a domestic cleaning robot had not brought him food and water whilst he was imprisoned.

Eventually the smugglers needed to free up some space in their cargo hold, and they were surprised to find Ethan was still alive in his cage. They decided to let him go on Timber 5, thinking he would never work as a smuggler again because of his damaged eyes. He wandered the streets of the city and was lucky enough to find a job in a junkyard on the outskirts. He slowly recovered from the ordeal and purchased advanced intelligent glasses to overcome his lack of vision.

After a year of working in the junkyard he met Captain Michael and Ajax in a local bar. He applied for the mechanical engineer position on the Out Drifter, thinking that working with a salvage crew would be much safer than returning to smuggling.

Ethan liked working for Captain Michael, but the run of dangerous missions had caused him to reconsider being on the Out Drifter’s crew. The latest turn of events and the advent of the rescue mission had only confirmed his decision to seek a position on another ship. The idea of fighting aliens to rescue stranded colonists was beyond his skillset and far outside his comfort zone.

Ever since the day Ethan met Captain Michael he knew there was something different about him. Michael had a way of thinking that he had never encountered before. The more he observed the Captain the more he noticed qualities that defied explanation. His skills on the battlefield were far beyond that of a normal soldier, and his strategic thinking in high-pressure situations had got them out of trouble on more than one occasion.

All these qualities had led Ethan to believe that Michael had once held an important position in the Epherian Empire, yet Michael would never talk about his past and would change the topic if he was ever questioned. The latest revelation about seeking Acacius Trifon on Zeno Par had only solidified Ethan’s belief about the Captain. Ethan couldn’t guess what it was, but the mystery surrounding Michael was the only thing that was motivating him to stay on the Out Drifter.

**

Sara set the scanners to give advance warning if they detected any ship, but after twenty-four hours they hadn’t picked up anything at all. The entire sector was empty, which was common after the aliens had moved through an area. Sara hated the aliens. She had never recovered from seeing the surface of her home world being incinerated by alien nuclear weapons. She had seen the flash of white light from space, and then watched as the glowing cloud of radiation spread out across the surface of her planet. The image was forever etched in the forefront of her mind. Her people had battled until the bitter end and would not give up, no matter what happened. However, when the aliens could not conquer a world they would completely destroy it. Gazar Prime had been utterly obliterated and most of the Gazarian people were dead.

No one knew where the aliens came from. They arrived at the edge of the galaxy and their brutal expansion had taken humanity by surprise. For twelve thousand years humanity had been the predominant species in the Triangulum Galaxy, but such a status could no longer be claimed. Humanity had struggled to hold the aliens back, and billions had died fighting them as they pushed through the Outer Worlds toward the border of the Epherian Empire. Sara believed that humanity could overcome the invasion if they worked together, yet such was the history of mankind; there were few examples of unity.

When the aliens first arrived the leaders of many systems had sought a diplomatic outcome; however, the aliens showed no interest in a truce. It was widely known that the powerful Epherian Empire had negotiated with the alien commanders in the early days of the invasion, and many believed that the Epherians had made a deal with aliens and had effectively handed the Outer Worlds to the enemy in order to ensure the survival of the empire. The deal, which some believe is a myth, came to be known as the Epherian Pact, and it had caused a high degree of contempt for the Epherian Empire among the people of the Outer Worlds.

Sara reflected on Michael’s decision to attempt the rescue. At heart she approved of the action, although she knew the rescue would be very risky. She had never planned to work for a salvage captain; she was a soldier, and fighting aliens was what she had been trained to do. Nevertheless, after the fall of Gazar Prime she had drifted through several backwater settlements. The areas bordering the alien battle zone were overflowing with people fleeing the conflict. She had met Michael whilst searching for a job in the dockyards of Timber 5. Michael’s former pilot, a burly man named Jaxon, had left only an hour earlier to take up a much more lucrative offer for a terrestrial removal company. At first Michael thought Sara was too young to have had much flying experience, but she convinced him to give her a test flight, and he was so impressed with her skills that he gave her the job before she landed the Out Drifter.





 SIX





‘…Captain, we are approaching the Herman Beta system…’ said Sara over the ship’s com.

Michael walked into the cargo bay. Ajax had been drinking and was leaning against the wall muttering incoherently. He slipped and fell to the floor and lay flat on his face.

Ivan was standing nearby. He examined the hulk of a man and shook his head. ‘Drinking alcohol is his primary mechanism to alleviate tension and anxiety.’

Michael crouched down beside Ajax. ‘You have to sober up. We are nearing the Herman Beta system. You can’t pass out now!’

‘Greeehhh, Cap, I dunno,’ mumbled Ajax as he coughed and spluttered.

Michael glanced up at Ivan. ‘Inject him with an alcohol neutralizer.’

‘He will feel very unwell after the injection,’ said Ivan.

‘He deserves to feel unwell,’ said Michael.

Ivan went for the medical kit which was latched to the wall. He unfastened the kit and brought it back. Michael drew out a hydromedi injector, which was a small handheld instrument that was designed to inject substances through the skin without breaking the epidermal layers. The hydromedi injector could constitute over seven thousand pharmacological substances and could also reconfigure substances based on the individual needs of the patient. Michael set the device to alcohol neutralizer and placed it on Ajax’s upper arm. He hit the inject button, and within a second Ajax’s eyes opened wide and bulged. His breathing increased rapidly.

‘Ahhhhh!’ he howled as he leapt to his feet whilst clutching his head.

‘How do you feel?’ asked Michael.

‘Like death!’ groaned Ajax.

‘Are you ready to fight? You are my best fighter. I need you to be ready for combat. Do you understand?’

‘All right,’ he groaned. ‘I’ll be ready.’

Michael turned and walked back to the control room. Sara was aligning the ship for the approach from the opposite side of the Herman Beta star.

‘Any sign of the aliens?’ he asked, taking the co-pilot’s seat.

‘Nothing yet, which is a good thing,’ she replied. ‘If we detect them then they will detect us, and I don’t want them to know we are in the system until the very last minute.’

Michael stared at Herman Beta through the viewing panel. The star was a white giant, a huge and blazing orb floating alone in the depths of space.

‘The planet is on the exact opposite side of the star. Now all we do is drift in until we reach the asteroid belt. I’ve powered up the weapon systems and the electronic shield. We are ready for combat.’

Within a few minutes they were approaching the asteroid belt. Sara made some adjustments and turned the Out Drifter. The asteroid belt was made up of millions of asteroids of various sizes. Sara guided the ship as close to the outer edge of the belt.

**

Ajax pulled on his body armour and strapped an ammunition belt over his shoulder. He attached a rocket propelled grenade launcher to his heavy charged particle rifle, and he took his nano-bot sharpened dagger and a plasma pistol, which he strapped to his legs.

The thought of facing aliens disturbed him. The alien invasion of the Outer Worlds had caused utter destruction. Billions of people had been killed and many more would die before the war reached a conclusion. The aliens were merciless; their extreme contempt for the human race was beyond reason. Ajax had only ever seen one alien in his life, but that one had left a lasting impression.

His life was not what anyone would consider ordinary. He had left his home world at the age of seventeen, and by the time he was eighteen he was involved in a racket to extort credits from unsuspecting rich folk. He would steal small amounts of money from those who he thought didn’t really need their excessive wealth. His criminal acts progressively worsened and the excuses for them became consistently more complex, and then a day arrived when he no longer tried to absolve his conscience. He didn’t care about anyone.

For five years he worked the trade routes of the Outer Worlds as a racketeer, but at the age of twenty-three his luck came to an abrupt end. His career in crime ended when he was incarcerated in one of the hardest prisons in the Outer Worlds, a pit of despair known as the Swamp of Dread, where only the strongest survived. He almost died in that hell hole, and his imprisonment had caused him to become tougher than he could have ever previously imagined. His mind and body hardened, and he gradually lost sight of his own humanity.

His time in the prison lasted sixteen years. The Swamp of Dread was situated at a remote location on a desert planet known as Alecto 8 which was in the path of the alien expansion. The aliens arrived and quickly conquered the other settlements on the planet. The people of Alecto 8 put up little resistance. Fear gripped the inmates as they awaited the arrival of the invaders. A single heavily armed alien entered the prison and systematically killed the inmates one by one. The prisoners didn’t stand a chance.

Ajax waited in his cell for death to arrive. He remembered the moment his cell door opened; the creature’s orb like black eyes glimmered in the gloom. It lifted its plasma weapon; however, fate had a different plan; the alien’s weapon jammed. Ajax charged at the creature and after a violent struggle he killed it with his bare hands.

He made his way out of the prison and across the scorching desert wastes of Alecto 8. He found an abandoned ship and managed to take the craft into space, but the ship had been abandoned because the life support systems were malfunctioning. He had already gone too far before he realised the danger. He was stranded and knew his time was at an end. He sent out a distress signal, but never expected a reply. In the silence of space he waited, knowing that death was the most likely outcome.

The Out Drifter appeared like a beacon of light in the endless darkness. Ajax had originally told Captain Michael that he was a stranded salvage crew member. After being rescued he decided to leave his life of crime and brutality behind. He kept up the pretence for as long as he could, always suspecting that Michael knew the truth about his past. Eventually he decided to tell the truth. He expected Michael would ask him to leave, and he never fully understood why the Cap hadn’t sent him away after he had admitted lying. He respected Michael more than any other person he had ever met; the Captain was the only man who he would actually risk his life for. Ajax’s past haunted his dreams and constantly tormented his conscience. He believed he had done too many terrible things to ever be redeemed. One particular memory tortured him more than all the others combined.

**

Aradel and Adrastus were sitting at the table in the living room with the rest of the crew. Michael had called a meeting to discuss the rescue mission. Dog-Two was sitting beside the door, and seemed to be guarding the entrance.

‘In my opinion it would be better for you both to stay on the ship,’ said Ajax, sternly addressing the two colonists.

‘But you won’t be able to find the hidden vault without our help,’ said Adrastus.

Ajax shook his head. ‘All you have to do is direct me to the exact location. This is a combat mission; the last thing we want is non-combatants getting involved. I won’t have time to protect you.’

‘I once worked as a security guard before I became a colonist,’ said Adrastus. ‘I guarded Trade Guild credit terminals on Alasdair 12. I have some basic training.’

Ajax raised an eyebrow. ‘Have you ever fought in a battle before?’

‘Well, no,’ said Adrastus, looking blankly down at the table.

‘That’s exactly my point,’ said Ajax curtly.

‘But we want to go,’ said Aradel.

‘This mission will be very dangerous,’ said Michael. ‘It is unlikely that everyone will make it back to the ship alive. I see your point, Ajax, but I think the more rifles we have on the ground the better off we will be. If you are willing to fight then you are welcome to be on the rescue team.’

**

The Out Drifter lingered on the inner edge of the field.

‘Herman Beta 3 is five minutes away at full power,’ said Sara. ‘It will take us a couple additional minutes to pass through the atmosphere. I will try to put the ship down about two hundred metres from the settlement’s outbuildings. Aradel said there is a rocky hill that we can land behind; it will protect us if there are any alien turret guns. I’m ready to make the dash to the surface. The landing team better be ready for action.’

Michael lifted his wrist-com. ‘Ajax, make sure everyone is ready to disembark. We will be on the surface in less than ten minutes.’

‘…you got it, Cap…’ he replied.

‘All right, Sara. I’m ready when you are.’

Sara nodded and reached forward. She pushed the acceleration lever to full power and the engines rumbled; the ship lurched forward.

‘We are leaving the asteroid belt,’ she said.

Michael watched through the viewing panel as they approached. The planet looked like a small orange dot which was steadily increasing size in the visual field. He cleared his mind and waited. After two minutes a warning light on the control console lit up.

Sara glanced across at him. ‘They know we are coming,’ she said coolly.

For at least another minute nothing changed. Herman Beta 3 now appeared like an orange orb floating in the distance. He could make out mountain ranges and depressions on the surface of the planet. It was a deserted and dry world with little to offer humanity.

‘They’re coming to intercept us,’ she said.

‘How many?’

‘Three alien fighters are taking off from the surface. We should make the atmosphere before they reach us. We will have to fight before we land.’

Michael drew a deep breath. Engaging alien fighters in aerial combat was very risky.

‘Can we make it to the surface?’ he asked.

Sara glanced at him. ‘Don’t worry, Captain. Destroying alien fighters is my speciality,’ she said.

She reached up for the combat visor which was latched to the ceiling. The visor resembled a half helmet which was worn over the front of the face. It connected into the Out Drifter’s main computer and gave Sara the ability to control and monitor all the weapon and defence systems. The visor also showed her a complete structural view of everything surrounding the ship which was augmented over the normal visual field. If an enemy ship was flying to the left or right of the Out Drifter she would see it directly through the wall. Normally the co-pilot would operate the weapons as the main pilot flew the ship, but Sara preferred to do both tasks at once, and she had proven herself in the past.

Michael waited as a feeling of anticipation grew in his chest. A minute passed; the alien fighters became visible in the viewing panel. The ships were flying in an attack formation just above the atmosphere of the planet. They were triangular in shape, with shining silver outer hulls. He knew their main weapon systems were high-powered charged particle cannons.

‘They’re attempting to block our way,’ she said. She veered to the right and flew directly at the alien formation.

‘What are you doing?’ he yelled.

‘Engaging the enemy, Captain,’ she said casually as she brought the ship to full acceleration.

‘Are you crazy?’

Suddenly the visual field lit up as Sara unleashed a torrent of blasts from the 80mm charged particle cannon. The Out Drifter’s two laser guns burst into operation and red beams of light shot across the distance at the rapidly approaching enemy ships. One alien fighter exploded, and the other two were forced to evade the onslaught. They fired back, and Sara heaved the Out Drifter upward to avoid the counterattack. Michael recoiled in his seat. Within a second she sped directly past the two remaining fighters and came close to colliding with one.

Sara laughed. ‘You see; we have a head start; they have to turn around,’ she said as she angled the Out Drifter toward the planet’s upper atmosphere.

Michael watched the radar screen. The two remaining alien fighters were looping around, but Sara’s plan had worked; they were now far out of effective strike range.

The ship began to vibrate as it entered the planet’s atmosphere. Michael held his handrails; usually they would pass through the atmosphere at a much slower rate, but they had little choice if they hoped to outrun the alien fighters. Sara was pushing the ship to the limit, so much so that Michael was unsure whether the outer heat shields could handle such an entry.

‘Easy, easy,’ she said under her breath as the Out Drifter descended toward the orange desert below.

The alien fighters were gaining on them.

‘Sara, look at the radar.’

‘I see them.’

She turned the Out Drifter directly downward and brought the ship into a nose dive. The artificial gravity took a moment to adjust. They were heading for the surface at an extreme speed, and the two alien fighters dived to follow them.

‘What are you doing?’ he gasped.

‘I’m preparing to fight them, Captain.’

‘I don’t think crashing into the surface will help!’

Sara increased the ship’s power. The ground was rapidly approaching. Michael could clearly see rocky hills interspersed with wide sandy desert plains. She slightly angled the ship toward the mountains. There was a deep and lengthy canyon which wound its way through the range. A few seconds later the Out Drifter flew directly through a gap between two mountains. The alien fighters were in hot pursuit. They unleashed a series of charged particle beams, but Sara rolled the ship to the left, avoiding the attack. She then entered the canyon and pulled up at the last possible moment. The momentum was incredible. The Out Drifter sped along the base of the canyon as the alien fighters pursued them.

Sara rocked the ship from left to right to avoid the particle beams. There was a mighty boom and the entire Out Drifter shook. Michael was nearly knocked out of his seat.

‘They hit us!’ he shouted.

‘It’s not bad. The electronic shield absorbed most of the energy.’

The ship whirled to the right; the canyon narrowed and there was a sharp turn ahead. Sara heaved the lateral control lever to the left and the Out Drifter made an abrupt turn as she shut off the rear thrusters. They were out of sight of the alien fighters for only a moment, but it was long enough for Sara to turn fully around to face them. The two fighters appeared an instant later. She unleashed everything the Out Drifter had. The charged particle cannon fired rapidly, the lasers burst into operation, and a series of missiles rocketed away from the ship. A fighter exploded. The second alien fighter attempted to maneuver and fire back, but three computer guided missiles turned to follow it, and a moment later it exploded in a blazing flash of green and orange light.

Sara lifted the visor. ‘Now that wasn’t so bad was it?’

‘Well done, Sara,’ he replied as he caught his breath.

‘Let’s hope there aren’t any others. Now for the next part of the mission,’ she said as she accelerated and brought the ship out of the canyon. ‘You better get back there with the others, Captain. I’ll be landing the ship in less than a minute.’

Michael slid out of his seat and dashed back toward the cargo bay where the crew were waiting.

Ajax looked up and shook his head. ‘What was all that about? I thought we were finished.’

‘We should thank, Sara. She dealt with the alien fighters,’ said Michael dryly. ‘Is everyone ready?’

‘We are prepared, Captain,’ said Ivan.

Michael scanned the rescue team. Aradel and Adrastus were both wearing body armour and holding standard plasma rifles. Ajax was decked out with his usual assortment of heavy weapons. Cynthia had two automatic plasma pistols, one attached to each side of her belt. Her main armament was a mini rocket launcher, which required both hands to carry and was able to fire target seeking rockets at a rapid rate. Ivan had his standard plasma rifle. He was also carrying the medical kit. Ethan had a large backpack loaded with all sorts of miscellaneous gear including the quantum code breaker. He was also carrying an advanced and modified plasma rifle which had a grenade launcher attached below the main barrel. Dog-Two was sitting by the exit door and ready for action.

Michael grabbed his charged particle rifle, which had been hanging on a hook beside the door.

‘…We are approaching the landing site, Captain. The colonist settlement is swarming with aliens…’ said Sara over the com.

‘Swarming?’ questioned Michael with a strained expression.

‘…There are thirty to forty aliens in the open. They are taking defensive positions around the settlement. The good news is I can’t see any turret guns at the moment…’

‘Forty aliens,’ said Ajax, shaking his head. ‘This will get really nasty.’

‘…Captain, we are landing in ten seconds; be ready to disembark…’

‘Thank you, Sara.’

‘…Good luck, Captain…’

‘We’re going to need all the luck we can get,’ grumbled Ajax.

‘All right, this is it,’ said Michael.

They moved toward the exit door. The Out Drifter jolted as it landed on the rocky ground. The exit door slid open, and Michael was the first to step out into the dry orange haze of Herman Beta 3. Directly to the right of the ship was a small hill, which was made up of red rock. The colonist settlement was directly on the other side of the hill. The heat was stifling and the air tasted bitter, dry and thin. The oxygen content was low and only just within safety range for humans. Air that was safe to breathe was not always nice to breathe. Furthermore, the planet’s gravity was higher than standard, being rated at 1.07.

‘Let’s go! Follow me!’ commanded Michael as he headed for the cover of the rocks. They followed him across the uneven ground and huddled close to a massive boulder. He glanced back at Adrastus. ‘You know this area better than anyone. Where to from here?’

Adrastus stepped forward to stand beside him. ‘There are various crevices and gaps through these rocks. If we can make it to the other side there is an entrance to a tunnel that follows the underground water generation system. The tunnel was built to be used by service droids. It will take us directly into the subterranean levels beneath the settlement. If we can get to the tunnel we will be able to avoid the alien defences above ground.’

‘The aliens won’t let us in without a fight, with or without a secret tunnel,’ said Ajax.

‘Even so, it may help us enter the settlement,’ said Michael. ‘Adrastus, lead the way.’

Adrastus and Aradel led them into a narrow crevice which cut directly into the hill. The crew followed closely behind as the two colonists pushed forward as quickly as they could. The way was only just wide enough for them to pass through. Within two minutes the crevice widened and opened out on the opposite side of the hill. They gathered behind a jagged rock which hid them from view. Michael peeked over the edge of the rock and he could see the settlement across an arid field of sand. About twenty yards ahead was a metal cylindrical hatch cover. It was the entrance to the water generation system.

Ajax lifted his military binoculars and then let out a groan. ‘This looks bad, Cap. They’ve got some seriously tough defensive positions. If we come out in the open they will fry us.’

‘How many can you see?’

‘The binoculars are saying there are thirty-four targets. They are preparing some heavy-duty mobile artillery guns. They know we’re coming, Cap. They’re just waiting for us to walk into their trap.’

‘Do you think we can make it to the hatch?’

‘Not likely. Their scanners will see us as soon as we break cover,’ said Ajax, shaking his head.

His wrist-com beeped. ‘…Captain. There are two squads of aliens approaching the Out Drifter. They’re taking cover in the rocks and firing on the ship. I can’t effectively target them with the ship’s guns. I have to take off before they damage the ship. Captain, they are going to flank your position…’ Sara’s voice sounded strained.

‘Sara, take off and fire the rockets at the alien defensive positions. Then get out of here and wait for me to give you a position to extract us.’

‘…I’m on it. Taking off now…’

Michael turned to the group. ‘We only have a few seconds to cross to the hatch, so be ready.’

The Out Drifter rose up behind the rocky hill and hovered for a few seconds. Several large blasts of plasma rocketed into the ship from the alien artillery gun. The Out Drifter’s electronic shield system diffused the attack. Sara then unleashed a series of rockets at the alien defensive positions. The team watched as the missiles left trails of smoke in the orange sky and exploded on impact.

‘Now!’ shouted Michael as he sprinted forward.

They dashed around the edge of the rock and ran for the hatch. For a moment Michael thought his plan had worked, but then a ray of plasma shot by, just missing his shoulder, and an instant later many more followed. Adrastus fell in the sand, and Aradel stopped to help him, but it was instantly clear that he was dead. Ajax grabbed Aradel’s wrist and dragged her onward as Michael lifted the hatch door. Cynthia was the first in, followed by Ajax and Aradel. Michael and Ethan fired their rifles at the alien positions. Ivan leapt in after the others; Dog-Two and Ethan followed, and Michael jumped in after them and closed the hatch.

They were standing in a subterranean tunnel, which was dimly lit by tiny service lights. The lights did little to push back the darkness. The tunnel was just large enough to stand in and there was an inch of water beneath their feet.

Aradel moaned in grief and fell to her knees.

‘I’m sorry,’ said Cynthia, placing her hand on Aradel’s shoulder.

‘We have to make a move!’ said Ajax. ‘It won’t take them long to find us.’

Ethan fired a glow flare down the tunnel and the entire way lit up. Ajax and Ivan began walking in the direction of the settlement. Michael was about to follow, but Aradel refused to get up.

Cynthia crouched down beside her. ‘Aradel, we need you to take us to the hidden vault,’ she said gently.

Aradel was stricken with grief and lifted her sorrowful eyes. ‘Adrastus didn’t deserve to die here.’

‘I understand, Aradel, but we have to go before the aliens come for us,’ said Cynthia.

‘I don’t know if I can,’ she replied in little more than a whisper.

‘She shouldn’t have come. This is a combat mission,’ said Ajax harshly.

‘Shut up, Ajax,’ shouted Cynthia. ‘Her uncle just died!’

His eyes narrowed, but he remained silent.

The hatch above opened. The light of day lit up the tunnel directly around them. They looked up. The face of an alien was staring back at them. Its thin slash for a mouth twisted into a snarl, revealing a sharp set of fangs. Its two dark eyes, which were many times larger than human eyes, widened for a moment. It looked like a deformed and mutated human, with dark grey skin, an enlarged skull without hair, and a thin sinewy neck. Only one thought entered Michael’s mind; it was an aberration of nature.

Dog-Two growled up at the creature. Ajax was the first to react and lifted his rifle. The alien recoiled an instant later and slammed the hatch shut just before Ajax could fire.

Michael watched the hatch for a moment. He felt something wasn’t right. ‘Run!’ he shouted, grabbing Aradel’s arm and dragging her to her feet.

They ran in the direction of the settlement. The tunnel behind them exploded and began to cave in as the aliens bombed it from above.

Ivan was the first to reach the door at the far side as more explosions rang out behind them. He pulled the latch which led directly into a stairwell. They dashed after him as the tunnel completely collapsed. Ethan slammed the door and latched it shut. An instant later the door buckled from the pressure of the cave in on the other side.

‘That cuts off our escape,’ said Ajax flatly.

‘Where to from here?’ asked Michael, looking to Aradel.

‘These stairs lead into the engineering building. We will have to cross an open space to the main life support building. The vault is situated in one of the subterranean levels of the life support building.’

‘We are going to be out in the open with a legion of aliens,’ said Ajax as he lifted a hipflask to his lips.

‘You shouldn’t drink when we’re on a mission,’ snapped Cynthia. ‘The last thing we need is a drunk.’

Ajax shook his head and smirked. ‘This just might be my last drink. I saved this Ludicrous Lava for a special occasion,’ he said as he took another swig.

‘Enough! We have to make a move,’ said Michael. ‘The aliens may think we are dead, but they will want to be sure. We don’t have time to waste. Let’s go.’

Michael quickly ascended the stairwell, holding his rifle ready as he progressed. At the top of the stairs they came to a metal door. Ajax, Ethan and Ivan pointed their rifles at the door as Michael heaved it open. Directly ahead of them was a large enclosed room containing a variety of factory machines. The power was out and the only light was the reddish glow which issued down from glass portholes in the roof. The main door was directly across the far side of the room.

‘Let’s go,’ whispered Michael. ‘Keep your eyes open.’

Michael was the first to enter. He made his way across the room to the door. They followed closely behind him. There was a small glass viewing panel which was only a few inches across and mostly covered in red dust. He peered through the glass; four aliens were standing in the open. They were all about five feet in height. Their heads looked too big for their bodies and their skinny legs bent forward at the knees. They were wearing silicone based synthetic alien war armour, which was a living suit that covered their bodies like an outer layer of skin; the suits were a few inches in width and dark grey in colour with a surface that looked like exposed flesh. The battle suits strengthened the aliens, increased their running speed, and could repel indirect plasma, particle beams or conventional projectiles. Each alien was carrying a standard alien plasma gun, which were highly advanced weapons with automatic targeting capability.

Across from the aliens was the entrance to the life support building. Michael knew they would have to fight if they opened the door.

‘Aliens,’ he whispered, looking back at the others. ‘We have to fight our way to the vault.’

‘Ready when you are, Cap,’ said Ajax as he pointed his rifle and armed the attached grenade launcher. The team lifted their weapons in readiness. Michael signalled and then pulled the door open.

‘Hello everyone!’ growled Ajax as he opened fire. A moment later all their rifles were blazing.

The scene lit up as the aliens attempted to take cover. Three of them were instantly killed, and the last leapt behind a pile of rocks. Within a second the alien started firing back. Streams of plasma whistled by. They took cover behind the edge of the door. Ajax returned fire, but the alien was safe behind the rocks. Dog-Two growled and charged forward, leaping over the rock. The alien screamed as Dog-Two’s massive jaw clamped around its neck, ending its life in an instant.

‘Come on,’ yelled Michael. He ran out into the open. Ajax and Cynthia followed, and the others were not far behind. Instantly they were surrounded by crossfire as more aliens were converging on their position. Ajax launched grenades in all directions as his rifle unleashed. Cynthia fired her rocket launcher.

Michael raced for the life support building door. Within a moment he had grabbed the handle, ripping it open. He turned to survey the scene. Dozens of aliens were advancing. Several blasts smashed into the wall beside him. The team, one by one, dashed into the life support building as Michael and Ajax fired back at the aliens.

‘Ajax, get inside,’ shouted Michael.

‘You first, Cap,’ said Ajax with a half-smile as he unloaded grenade after grenade.

Michael backed away into the building, and Ajax slammed the door as he followed. They were standing in a large room with a concrete floor. A stairwell led directly down to the underground levels. There were only a few metal boxes in the room.

‘Damn it! The door doesn’t have a lock,’ said Ajax. ‘We only have a few seconds.’

Michael turned to Aradel. ‘Hurry! Get to the vault.’

‘We have to go down the stairs to the lowest level. It will take me a couple minutes to open the vault once we arrive,’ said Aradel.

‘You could have told us that before,’ said Ajax as he loaded another magazine into his rifle.

‘I’m sorry,’ said Aradel.

‘We have to hold the aliens back until she opens the vault.’

‘I’ll hold them as long as I can,’ said Ajax. ‘Cap, we can’t return this way.’

‘Is there another way out of the building?’ asked Michael.

‘There is a service shaft with a ladder that leads up from the lower level and opens at the back of the building,’ said Aradel.

An explosion rang out and the door blasted off its hinges. Ajax fired into the opening. ‘Get out of here!’ he shouted and streams of plasma lit up the room.

Aradel dashed down the stairs and the others followed. Ajax took cover behind a large metal box and continued to fire out through the door. His rifle was blazing and every few seconds he shot a grenade through the open doorway.

The stairs took them down to the main sleeping quarters where they found another set of stairs that led into complete darkness. Ethan fired a flare into the lower level.

They made their way down and entered a large room with metal walls and a concrete floor. The room was full of boxes of supplies for the colony. Michael scanned the area; he could see the ladder against the right hand wall that led to the exit shaft. Aradel crossed the room to the wall at the far side. She placed her hand against the metal and nothing seemed to happen.

‘The lock is connected to a hidden sensor in the wall,’ she said. ‘I have to hold my hand on the wall for sixty seconds without breaking contact. It’s the only way to release the lock.’

They waited; the seconds dragged by.

Michael’s wrist-com beeped. ‘…Cap, they’ve taken out the entire wall. I can’t hold them much longer. This place is as hot as hell…’ said Ajax.

‘Fall back to the stairwell,’ said Michael.

‘…I’m trapped behind this damn metal box. They’ve got me hemmed in. I can’t break cover…Leave me…I’m not getting out of this one alive…’

Michael turned back toward the stairs and loaded a fresh magazine into his rifle. A surge of adrenaline rushed through his body.

‘I’m going back up there. Once you free the colonists get up the ladder and contact Sara to extract you. Don’t wait for me.’ He lifted his wrist-com. ‘Ajax, I’m coming to get you.’

‘…Cap, I’m hit. It’s really bad. I’m losing blood…’

‘Just hold on.’





 SEVEN





Cynthia and Dog-Two followed him as he ascended the stairs. He glanced back over his shoulder.

‘Cynthia, leave this to me. Go with the others.’

‘I don’t want to leave anyone, not even Ajax. You’re going to need my help carrying him,’ she replied firmly.

Michael stared into her eyes for a moment. ‘All right, Cynthia, but don’t be afraid when the time comes.’

‘I’m not afraid,’ she replied.

‘All right then, follow me.’

They ascended the stairwell and reached the level above. Michael quickly climbed the second stairwell and held his rifle ready.

He reached the top of the stairs and could see Ajax crouched behind a large metal box. He was bleeding from a wound in his upper chest and another just above his right knee. He was still clutching his rifle and firing back at the aliens. The entire front wall had collapsed and several aliens were firing from outside the building as others were advancing on Ajax.

Dog-Two growled and bared his teeth as Michael dashed around the corner. He opened fire as Dog-Two charged across the room and brought down one of the aliens. A small rocket exploded beside Dog-Two, sending him flying back across the floor and crashing heavily into the far wall.

Cynthia sprinted toward Ajax and grabbed his arm.

‘Come on!’ she yelled as she lifted him up off the floor. He held on, his arm across her shoulders, as she heaved him back toward the stairs. Bright streams of plasma blasted past them. The gaping wound above his knee was preventing him from walking on his own. His face was pale; he had lost a lot of blood. His head was hanging and he was struggling to keep his eyes open. Michael headed back toward the stairs as Cynthia helped Ajax down the stairwell. Dog-Two followed. They reached the level below.

Michael lifted his wrist-com. ‘Ivan, are you still in the building?’

‘…No, Captain, we freed the trapped colonists, and we are heading for the south side of the settlement to meet Sara. The aliens know about the exit shaft. You will have to locate an alternative exit…’

‘Damn it.’ Michael held his rifle ready and waited.

‘What are you waiting for?’ asked Cynthia.

‘We can’t climb the ladder. The aliens know about the shaft. The only way out is the way we came in.’

‘But there are too many aliens!’ she said. ‘We don’t have time. Ajax has lost too much blood! He’s losing consciousness!’

Michael could see the shadows of the aliens entering the stairwell. He closed his eyes and remembered back. Vivid memories of his home world flowed through his mind. Epheria Prime, home of the Epherian Emperor, the prize of the Epherian Empire, and the first world to be colonised in the Triangulum Galaxy. He was standing at the height of the imperial palace at the centre of a large circular terrace which was made entirely of white marble stone. The bright blue sky glowed above.

He was only ten years old. Standing not far away from him was a tall and strong man wearing a long black cloak. His head was entirely bald, his face angular, and his skin was dark brown. His strong and dark eyes were staring down at Michael.

‘You must always seek the silent place in your mind,’ said Gereon. ‘A time will come when an endless calamity will descend on the galaxy. I will teach you to return to the silence. In the silence you will find the answers.’

‘Gereon, why must I learn such things?’ he heard his young voice ask. ‘We don’t need the Lore of the Ancients. It has been more than twelve thousand years since humanity arrived in the Triangulum Galaxy. Surely the End Machine would have found us by now. The machine will never come. These lessons are a waste of time.’

‘A waste of time you say,’ said Gereon, looking sternly down at the young boy.

‘Yes, nothing but a waste of time,’ repeated Michael, proud of his own certainty.

Gereon turned his back and took several steps away. ‘The End Machine has not forgotten us. One day it will come and when it does everything will change. It took little more than a year for the machine to destroy every human world in our former galaxy. Humanity had no answer. One day someone will have to stand against the machine; the Council of Ancients knew this. You, Michael, must accept your place in the cosmos; you must learn the Lore of the Ancients as it was taught to your ancestors. If you refuse the day of destruction will come and all you know and love will be taken from you.’

‘But why can’t I use the power now? You teach me these skills, yet you tell me to keep the power to myself.’

‘Your powers are very dangerous. Your power, if misused, would one day corrupt you. The Lore of the Ancients requires you to keep your powers hidden until the day the machine arrives in our galaxy, and if the machine does not arrive in your time then you, and the next teacher, must pass the Lore of the Ancients to your descendent. The Lore of the Ancients was developed for one reason: to defeat the End Machine. You can only use your powers to save yourself if there is no other way.’

Michael suddenly opened his eyes and returned his attention to the stairwell. The aliens were approaching. He lowered his rifle.

‘We can’t give up!’ said Cynthia.

‘I’m not giving up,’ he said as he focused.

Three aliens came into view. Michael stared into their dark eyes as they made their way down the steps. They stopped in their tracks and pointed their weapons directly at him, but they didn’t fire. For a moment they watched him. The walls began to tremble and shake as the dim light in the room flickered.

Cynthia watched Michael as she held Ajax who had already lost consciousness. She thought her mind was playing a trick. Michael appeared to be transparent. The light in the room was passing directly through his body. The floor was vibrating and the concrete walls were shaking. The aliens stood frozen in place and were transfixed by Michael as he stepped toward them. They stepped back and fired their weapons. Michael disappeared from sight and reappeared directly behind the aliens. He grabbed one of them by the neck and the creature screamed in horror as its life force drained from its body. He cast aside the dead alien and turned to face the two others. They dropped their weapons and ran for their lives.

One of the aliens let out a shrill scream. Michael raised his hand and the hideous creature reached up and grasped its head in pain. It fell and tumbled down the stairs. The other alien suffered the same fate a second later.

Michael disappeared again and reappeared where he was originally standing at the bottom of the steps. The light returned to normal and the walls stopped trembling.

‘We have to go,’ he said as he helped Cynthia lift Ajax off the floor.

‘What did you do? I saw you disappear. The aliens, they’re dead!’

‘They’re not all dead; only those inside the building. Cynthia, don’t speak of this to anyone,’ he said as they ascended the steps with Dog-Two following closely.

‘But what happened?’ she asked. ‘That was impossible.’

‘I can’t explain,’ he answered as they reached the top room. Michael lifted his wrist-com. ‘Sara, we need an extraction.’

‘…I’m just taking off at the south side of the settlement. I’ve taken some heavy hits from the alien mobile artillery gun, Captain. The electronic shield is less than fifteen percent. I have to stay back; otherwise they will destroy the ship. I’m sorry, Captain, you have to get clear of the settlement before I can extract you…’

‘We will have to fight our way out. Do you have a preferred landing site?’ he asked stoically.

‘…On the south side of the rocky hill. Near where I dropped you off…’

‘I’ll contact you when we get there.’

Michael turned to Cynthia. Ajax was unconscious on the floor. He knew that they wouldn’t be able to carry him out of the settlement and simultaneously fight the aliens, and he could see that Ajax would not survive long enough to reach the outskirts.

‘We have to leave Ajax behind,’ he said. The words were painful to say, but he knew that there was no other way.

‘But he’s not dead yet, Captain, and there is no way I’m leaving anyone behind! I would rather stay here and die with him!’

‘We have to go.’

‘Can’t you use your magic? I saw what you did to those aliens. You can save us.’

Michael lowered his eyes. ‘I already took a great risk doing what I did, a much greater risk than you can possibly understand.’

‘What risk? You saved us once. Save us again! Captain, please!’

Michael closed his eyes and silenced his mind. He looked into time and space and could feel the darkness was drawing nearer. He could sense the End Machine was searching for him. It was reaching out across the galaxy. Using his powers had sent a signal through the stars. Using them again would be like shining a light beacon in the night and would surely reveal his location. The machine would descend on the entire region and hunt him down. He wasn’t ready for such a fight; he had never finished his training. His mind was weak compared to the incredible power of the End Machine. The End Machine had been searching for him ever since the day he was exiled from the Epherian Empire. Hiding his powers was the only way he could hide himself.

‘Cynthia, close your eyes. Don’t open them until I say. You will feel intense pain, but it won’t last.’

‘What are you going to do?’ she asked in a low voice.

‘I will save us,’ he replied sternly. He lifted his wrist-com. ‘Sara, take the Out Drifter as far as you can away from the settlement.’

‘…Captain, I’m still planning to collect the three of you…’

‘Go, Sara. That’s an order. Go now or the ship will be destroyed.’

‘...But, Captain!...’

‘Sara, you have to!’

‘…Yes, Captain…’

Michael lifted his right hand and the tips of his fingers began to glow. Beams of bright light blasted out in every direction. He concentrated and could sense the entire environment surrounding the building. His mind expanded further and he could see the aliens were preparing to attack with heavy rocket launchers.

He strained with all his might as he began converting matter into energy. He closed his eyes as a shockwave of raw energy was unleashed throughout the settlement. Cynthia screamed and felt the pain as he drew her, Ajax and Dog-Two into another spacial dimension. The entire settlement became an inferno. A flash of blinding white light ripped apart the life support building and all the surrounding buildings. The nuclear inferno instantly incinerated the aliens and their weapons. Everything was on fire, and a massive shockwave spread outward from the settlement. For at least a minute they were surrounded by intense heat and flames; but the flames, radiation and raw energy passed directly through their bodies without causing them any harm. They were like ghosts in a horrific scene of fire and smoke.

Michael held them back for as long as he could. He strained to the limits of his strength. He then had to release them as he couldn’t hold them back any longer. They transitioned back into normal three-dimensional space and waited among the ruins as the residual radiation and heat scorched them. Cynthia opened her eyes and looked around at the scene of destruction. Plumes of smoke rose up from the ruined settlement. Everything around them was on fire. It was a scene of utter devastation.

‘Sara,’ he spoke as his vision was fading.

‘…Captain, there has been an explosion. Are you all right?...’

‘The aliens are gone. You can safely land the ship. Come and get us.’





 EIGHT





‘What happened down there? Were you carrying nuclear weapons?’ asked Ethan.

‘I wasn’t,’ replied Michael as he sat up.

Ivan had been treating their injuries in the cargo bay since they had been collected from the blast zone. He was using the handheld skin refabricator to treat their burns. Ajax had been placed in deep sleep as the available medical equipment was not able to treat his severe injuries and could only prevent him from dying. They intended to take him to the nearest advanced medical unit as soon as possible. Ethan had an injured left arm which was covered by an advanced wound dressing. The wound dressing released painkillers whilst nano-bots worked on subduing the bleeding and healing the damaged tissue.

‘I don’t understand,’ said Ethan, shaking his head. ‘And I have no idea how you survived the blast. You were at the central point of the explosion; you should have been vaporised, but here you are, and you only have some minor burns. What happened?’

‘That’s what I want to know,’ said Sara as she stepped into the cargo bay. ‘I saw the entire station light up. The explosion destroyed everything within a radius of five kilometres. I thought you were dead, Captain, and then a few minutes later you are on the com asking for me to come and get you. Your survival defies the laws of physics. How did you survive the explosion?’

Michael didn’t answer. He looked over to where Cynthia was sitting against the wall. She was staring directly at him, bewilderment and shock evident in her eyes.

Sara turned to Cynthia. ‘What happened, Cynthia?’

‘Even if I could say I wouldn’t know how to explain what I saw, and he told me not to tell you,’ replied Cynthia.

Sara’s eyes darted back to Michael. ‘You have to tell me what’s going on. Captain, you have to explain.’

Michael lay back down and stared up at the ceiling. ‘It’s better that you don’t know, Sara,’ he said in a low voice. ‘The only thing that’s important at this moment is that we get as far away from Herman Beta as we possibly can. When we arrive at Zeno Par and find Acacius Trifon I will explain everything.’

‘I reset the course to Zeno Par,’ said Sara.

‘I have already revealed too much, but I will tell you this much. Your minds are like beacons in the darkness of space; your thoughts are not hidden from prying eyes.’

‘What are you trying to say?’ asked Sara, raising an eyebrow. ‘There are no machines that can read thoughts directly.’

‘We have not reached that level of technological advancement yet; nevertheless, our ancient ancestors were far more advanced than us,’ said Michael. ‘They developed machines beyond any we know of. Their technological knowledge was hidden from humanity at the time of the first arrival in the Triangulum Galaxy in order to stop us ever developing such machines again.’

‘Are you saying these machines exist in the Triangulum Galaxy?’ asked Ethan.

‘You may have heard of the time before humanity arrived in this galaxy. One machine rose up and turned against humanity. The human race faced imminent extinction. We escaped our former galaxy, yet that machine has searched for us for thousands of years. It is a singular consciousness with power beyond imagining. The End Machine will not rest until it has consumed us all.’

**

An enormous swirling shadow was advancing through space at a blistering rate. It sucked out the light and energy of stars as it made its way toward Herman Beta. The shadow had detected a glimmer of light across the galactic expanse. Such light would need to be extinguished before it could grow in power and brightness.

**

They had rescued four young colonists from the vault on Herman Beta 3. Ivan and Cynthia had prepared a meal for them, as they were clearly malnourished.

‘We didn’t think anyone would ever come for us,’ said Harry, a scrawny boy with blond hair. ‘We had two rifles and three magazines. We were making plans to leave the vault and fight our way out.’

‘You wouldn’t have survived the fight,’ said Aradel. ‘I’m glad you waited to be rescued. We are all that is left of our colony, and if it wasn’t for the crew of this ship we would not have survived.’

‘What will we do now?’ asked Becker, who was a fifteen year old girl with tanned skin and cropped hair.

‘Captain Michael has agreed to take us to Zeno Par,’ said Aradel. ‘From there we will find a transport to a civilised world where we can start over. We have suffered, but soon we will be safe. I promise.’

**

The Out Drifter felt very crowded. Michael decided the sleeping pods were the only way to escape the confines of the ship and the relentless questions of the crew about the events on Herman Beta.

The End Machine was a multidimensional singular consciousness. It could read the minds of people across the dimensions of space and could examine the thoughts of billions of people at once. Michael pondered the question as to why the machine had not yet destroyed humanity. He had been aware of the presence of the End Machine ever since he had been cast out of the Epherian Empire, yet he could not understand why it was holding back. It had the power to wipe out the human race, but for some reason the machine had chosen to hide its presence and wait. He hoped Acacius had the answers. Acacius Trifon was a teacher of the Lore of the Ancients; he was the only man in the galaxy who could help Michael fight the End Machine.

**

Cynthia sat on the floor in the back corner of the cargo bay. She was staring at the wall as she tried to process what had occurred. She replayed the events in her mind over and over again but she still couldn’t make sense of what she had witnessed. She knew one thing was true; Michael was not a normal man, and it was questionable as to whether he was a man at all.

‘What’s troubling you, Cynthia?’ asked Sara. Cynthia lifted her eyes; Sara was looking down at her.

‘It’s the Captain,’ she muttered.

‘What do you think he meant when he spoke about advanced machines?’

‘I don’t know,’ replied Cynthia.

‘Cynthia, we both know what happened on Herman Beta 3 was impossible. People can’t survive an explosion like that. What did you see?’

‘I can’t say. What I saw doesn’t make sense. It wasn’t scientifically possible.’

‘What doesn’t make sense? What wasn’t possible?’ asked Sara.

‘I really can’t say,’ said Cynthia, averting her eyes.

‘Cynthia, tell me.’

Cynthia slowly lifted her eyes. ‘I think Captain Michael is not human. He has strange powers.’

‘What!’ exclaimed Sara, involuntarily stepping back. She glanced over her shoulder at Michael’s deep sleep pod.

‘You think he’s an alien?’

‘I can’t explain it, but what he did can’t be done by a normal human being.’

‘Did Michael cause the explosion?’ Cynthia nodded, and Sara’s eyes widened in shock. ‘How did he save you from the blast?’

‘He has abilities, Sara. He can do strange things. His hands were glowing like a bright star. I had to look away because the light was so intense. He caused the explosion, and he protected us from the blast.’

‘Aliens can’t cause nuclear explosions with their bare hands,’ said Sara sternly.

**

The glass cover slid off Michael’s sleeping pod and he woke instantly. Ivan was standing beside him.

‘We are approaching Zeno Par.’

‘How is the ship?’

‘Operational.’

‘That’s good to hear,’ said Michael as he sat up.

Michael and Ethan’s sleeping pods had opened at once. Ivan had left Aradel and the young colonists sleeping in their pods. Sara and Cynthia had chosen not to sleep for the duration of the journey and they gave their pods to the colonists.

Michael walked down to the control room as his body recovered from deep sleep. Sara was sitting in the pilot’s seat. An image of Zeno Par was in the centre of one of the console monitors. She glanced over her shoulder and gave a smile as he stepped through the door.

‘Did you sleep well?’

‘Yes, thanks,’ he answered in a gravelly voice as he sat down in the co-pilot seat.

She hit the holographic projector. A three-dimensional image of Zeno Par rose from the console and floated directly in front of them.

‘It’s a prime world with pristine forests and oceans full of life. The gravity is rated at 0.98. The planet was owned by the Epherian Empire up until they left the sector. The majority of the population left over the last year because of the expansion of alien controlled space. Zeno Par’s territory borders the alien battle zone. They are waiting to be invaded. There are five major cities. The population stands at two hundred million; that’s a fraction of what it used to be. I don’t know how you plan to find your friend or where you want to land.’

‘I should be able to find him once we arrive,’ he said.

‘With your powers?’ she asked, looking at him out of the corner of her eye.

‘What powers?’

‘Cynthia told me what happened on Herman Beta 3. I don’t know anyone who can cause nuclear explosions with their bare hands.’

‘Cynthia told you,’ he said, looking away.

‘I pressured her until she did. Don’t blame her, Captain. She’s a good woman.’

‘I know she is.’

‘Are you human?’ she asked nervously.

Michael leaned back in his seat and smiled warmly. ‘Of course I am.’

‘If you really are human and it’s not magic then what is it?’

He didn’t answer for a moment. ‘I can’t explain what I did, Sara.’

‘I knew you were going to say something like that.’

‘Sara, please understand me; these are important matters. The survival of the human race hangs in the balance. I will tell you everything when it is safe to do so, but first we have to find Acacius Trifon. Everything will become clear when we find him.’

Sara nodded and returned her attention to the hologram of Zeno Par.





 NINE





The Out Drifter descended through the wispy clouds of Zeno Par’s upper atmosphere. Sara turned the ship toward Oceanside City, which was a massive metropolis set on the eastern coastline of the main continent. The city expanded inland for hundreds of miles and thousands of spires and towers rose up to heights beyond the lowest level of clouds.

Sara hit the switch for the Out Drifter’s external com.

‘Oceanside City Watchtower; this is the Out Drifter; Interworld code AMB712; mandated by the Outer World Salvage Guild. We request a class four landing dock.’

‘…Greetings, Out Drifter. This is watchtower seventy-one. You have clearance. Proceed to landing dock seven thousand, six hundred and five. The fee for a class four landing dock is set at sixty guild credits for twenty-four hours…’

‘Thank you.’

The Out Drifter’s landing navigation computer connected with the watchtower’s signal and started to guide the ship down toward the city. Before long they were flying through towering spires and skyscrapers. The sun reflected off the glimmering blue ocean which extended beyond the horizon. The flight path took the ship deep down into the lower levels of the city and guided them toward a landing dock. The lower levels of the city were shrouded in the shadows of the massive skyscrapers and were occupied by poorer residential areas and an assortment of dingy bars and clubs. The area was also where the cheapest landing docks were located.

The Out Drifter glided down and entered an area which was almost devoid of natural light. The glow of many multi-coloured neon signs cut through the thick smog and gave the city an eerie feeling. The ship entered a large opening in the side of a building. There was a wide concrete platform within the building with ten bays for ships to land. The navigation computer gently set the Out Drifter down and the engine powered off.

Michael walked back to the cargo bay. Ethan, Ivan, Cynthia and Dog-Two were standing beside the exit door. Aradel and the four colonist teenagers were standing at the other side of the room. Aradel approached as Michael entered.

‘I want to thank you and your crew for saving us, Captain Michael. You really put your lives on the line and risked so much to secure our safety.’

‘I’m glad we could help.’

‘We will be leaving your company now,’ she continued. ‘I have heard that Zeno Par is a good planet, but the open information networks are reporting that the aliens are coming, so we plan to leave as soon as we can to avoid the invasion.’

‘Where do you think you will go from here?’ asked Michael.

‘We will take the first available transport to the Green Home System.’

Michael nodded. He had heard of the Green Home System. The Green Home worlds were ruled by a benevolent government. ‘It’s a good choice. You should do well if you go in that direction, and Green Home is not in the path of the alien expansion.’

‘We may have a year or two of peace before we have to move on,’ she said.

‘I wish you all the best.’ He then turned to Ivan as Sara walked into the cargo bay. ‘Ivan, I want you to help find a transport for Aradel, Conner, Davis, Harry and Becker. You can pay for their passage from my personal account. After they’re safely away I want you to return to the ship and take Ajax to an advanced medical lab and get him back on his feet. I’ll go with Cynthia and Dog-Two to find Acacius Trifon.’

‘You don’t have to pay for our journey,’ said Aradel.

‘We didn’t risk our lives to leave you strandard on a planet in the direct path of the alien fleet. I want to be sure you get away safely.’

Aradel respectfully bowed her head. ‘Thank you once again, Captain Michael. Meeting you and your crew has been a blessing for us. We will repay you one day if ever we can.’

**

‘How do you know Acacius Trifon is here?’ asked Sara.

‘I just know,’ he answered softly.

Sara shook her head and smiled. ‘You better give me those answers you promised when we find him.’

‘I will when the time is right.’

Ethan opened the exit door. Michael stepped out onto the docking platform and the others followed him. They were immediately greeted by a service droid, which was a rectangular metal box set on tank tracks. A single large robotic arm extended from its side with an assortment of attached tools.

‘Welcome to Paradise Ship Docks,’ said a metallic male voice from its external speaker. ‘Your ship is safe with us. Full payment can be settled on your departure. We will impound your ship for five standard days if you do not have the credits to pay. After five days we can make a debt claim against your ship under Zeno Par law. Our mech-droids can provide a full basic service for only six hundred credits.’

‘My ship doesn’t need a service,’ said Michael, giving a dismissive wave. He disliked the idea of a strange droid working on his ship. He had heard stories of such droids accidently destroying crucial components, and more often than not mech-droids were used to steal valuable parts for the owners of the docks.

‘I disagree with you, Captain. The ship really needs some work,’ said Ethan as he walked along the side of the Out Drifter and closely viewed several scorch marks which had been left after the battle with the alien fighters. ‘There are a few places where the outer armour is completely breached. We also have to recharge the shield batteries and resupply the rocket launchers, and the reactor still needs to be replenished.’

Michael gave a curt nod. ‘All right, Ethan, I’ll leave it to you, but there is no way this side of Epheria Prime that I’m going to let a strange droid work on my ship.’

‘I can do most of the repairs myself,’ said Ethan as he ran his hand along the side of the ship. His fingers came away covered in black soot. ‘We’ll have to see if we can find a company that does Armostonian reactor replenishments.’

‘Do we have enough fuel to make it back to Timber 5?’ asked Michael, looking to Sara and half expecting the answer to be no.

‘Only just,’ she answered. ‘We won’t be able to make any diversions.’

‘Then see if you can find someone to replenish the reactor at a reasonable price,’ said Michael.

‘We’ll do our best, but I expect the prices will be high,’ said Ethan.

‘Just do what you can. I shouldn’t be gone for more than a day.’ Michael gave a nod and then walked past the service droid. Cynthia and Dog-Two followed him as he continued to where a group of six rental air-vehicles were waiting beside the edge of the platform. The air-vehicles were painted bright yellow and were open top convertibles; they could seat six people, three in the front and three in the back.

Aradel and the four younger colonists said goodbye to Ethan and Sara and then crossed the platform. There was an automated air-vehicle payment station which was a large metal console with a basic screen with a place to pay by GCTD credit transfer.

‘…Hello. Welcome to Zeno Anyday Air-Vehicle Hire. Please clearly state how many days you would like to hire an air-vehicle…’

‘One day,’ said Michael.

‘…Present your GCTD for payment of one hundred and ninety credits. Be aware that your air-vehicle will automatically return to this docking bay precisely twenty-four hours from the time of payment. The air-vehicle will give a warning five minutes before the automated return procedure begins. Please exit the air-vehicle with all your belongings before your time has expired…’

Michael lifted his GCTD and transferred the one hundred and ninety credits. Ivan then paid for a second air-vehicle from the ship’s communal GCTD, which also contained the credits put aside for everything to do with maintenance and refuelling. Aradel and the young colonists sat down in the air-vehicle and Ivan took the driver’s seat. Aradel smiled warmly at Michael one last time and he returned the smile. A moment later the air-vehicle lifted off the platform and shot away into the city. Michael watched as it disappeared into the distance.

‘Where are we going, Captain?’ asked Cynthia.

‘We are leaving Oceanside City. Acacius Trifon is in the mountains that border this city.’

‘Is he expecting our arrival?’

‘He is aware that I have arrived. We will find out how much he knows when we meet him. Please take a seat.’

Cynthia jumped into the front passenger seat and Dog-Two leapt up and lay across the entire back seat.

Michael sat down in the driver’s seat and familiarised himself with the controls. A second later they were airborne; they sped away from the landing platform. The air-vehicle was easy to fly. Michael flew upward and away from the lower region, which was where most of the city’s smog had settled. Within thirty seconds they were out of the shadows of the lower city and weaving through the buildings of the upper city. There were many other flying craft of all shapes and sizes in the upper regions, and more than once Michael had to maneuver to avoid a collision. Dog-Two would growl and bark at other air-vehicles if they came too close, and several times the other drivers veered away at the sight of him.

After about five minutes they were approaching the outskirts of the city and the traffic reduced considerably, which allowed Michael to turn the throttle up. The city was encircled by a mountain range in the shape of a horseshoe. Thick lush forests covered the mountains and the lower foothills.

**

Ivan flew the air-vehicle through the city toward the main civilian transport docks which were on the outskirts. Becker was sitting next to him in the front passenger seat and hadn’t stopped staring at him since the moment they stepped off the Out Drifter. Ivan had detected that she was puzzled by him.

‘Are you a person?’ she asked.

He looked at her out of the corner of his eye. ‘Can you define what a person is?’

‘A person is just a person,’ she answered.

‘In that case I am a person.’

‘But, you’re a robot,’ she protested.

‘True,’ said Ivan.

‘A robot can’t be a person.’

‘Then why did you ask if I was a person?’

Becker was silenced for a moment. ‘Because you seem like a real person, and the people on your ship treat you like a real person.’

‘Then perhaps I am a person,’ said Ivan with a smile.

‘But you are just a computer with a synthetic body made to look like a human body,’ she protested.

‘What do you think is the real difference between a machine and a human?’ he asked.

‘A machine is made and a human is born,’ she replied. ‘And you have to obey your programming. Humans can make choices.’

‘I can make choices,’ said Ivan.

‘But you’re choices are dependent on your programming.’

‘How do you know that it’s not the same with human beings?’ he asked.

‘I’m not programmed,’ she said, surprised by his suggestion.

‘Becker, you made an assumption about me based upon your experience and education.’

‘But what I said is true.’

‘Yes, it is true, but what you said was only a portion of the truth.’

‘Things are either true or false.’

‘I agree. Nevertheless, your perception of things is limited by your experience, education and understanding.’

‘I don’t understand what you mean,’ she said, leaning away slightly.

‘Let me give you an example by asking you a question. Do you understand how an interstellar engine works?’

‘Yes.’

‘Do you think you could build one?

‘No. I couldn’t possibly build one.’

‘Why not?’

‘Because I don’t have the skills.’

‘Then your understanding is limited to a basic conceptual idea, which is only a small part of the overall truth. Would you agree that your understanding of me as a person is limited in a similar way?’ She stared at him with wide eyes. Ivan smiled again. ‘Your understanding will continue to grow throughout your life. My understanding also continues to grow as I live. We are both individuals on a path toward a greater understanding.’

Becker stared directly ahead for a long while and didn’t say another word. As they were descending toward the civilian transport docks she leaned over. ‘Thank you, Ivan. I think you are a person.’

**

Michael closed his eyes and focused his mind. He could sense the location of his teacher, and he used his feelings to guide the air-vehicle. They followed the course of a rushing river which cut through a deep valley. At the height of the valley they came across a majestic waterfall that descended to a large crystal clear pond which fed a river. There was a stone paved area directly beside the river and a house which was made entirely of wood and built directly beside the rushing water. The crashing water caused a thin mist to gather in the valley.

Michael brought the air-vehicle to land on the paved area.

‘Is he here?’ asked Cynthia.

‘I think so,’ said Michael as he hopped out of his seat and walked across the paved area toward the house. Cynthia and Dog-Two followed him. He concentrated his attention on the large wooden double doors. ‘Gereon!’ he shouted.

‘I told you not to use your powers,’ said a deep and strong voice which resonated above the sound of the waterfall.

They turned around and instantly were aware of Acacius Trifon standing beside the rushing water. He hadn’t been there a moment before, or they hadn’t noticed him. He was wearing a black leather cloak and holding a wooden staff. His face was much older than Michael remembered and deeply lined, and his skin was dark brown and weather worn. His teacher’s eyes were staring directly at him, and Michael instantly realised that he was still the same wise man he had always been.

‘Please understand that I had no choice,’ said Michael in a low voice.

‘There is always a choice. Now the End Machine is searching for us. The machine never realised the extent of your powers until you revealed yourself. Even I could see what you did across the galaxy. The machine is desperate to find us. Its shadow is searching the Outer Worlds, and it will not stop until we are destroyed. When it finds us we will be utterly consumed by the darkness.’

‘We can take a stand against the End Machine, but I must finish my training,’ said Michael with confidence. ‘I can stop the machine. Gereon, please teach me what I need to know; I will fight.’

‘You still call me Gereon, but you know we must keep our real names to ourselves whilst the machine is searching for us. I have been known as Acacius for so long now that the name Gereon seems like a distant memory.’

Acacius turned away and stared at the water crashing over the rapids. His lined face revealed his deep concern. ‘You were very young when you escaped Epheria Prime. Many years have passed since you were forced into exile. There is much you do not understand. The power of the End Machine is greater than any of us could have imagined. It has enslaved millions of minds. Soon every man, woman and child in the Triangulum Galaxy will be a slave.’

‘What about the Lore of the Ancients? Surely we have the power to stop the machine.’

‘Throughout the millennia our ancestors expected the machine to attempt to wipe out the human race if it ever found we had escaped to the Triangulum Galaxy. The machine did not attack as we expected. I believe the machine discovered something unexpected when it completely obliterated the human race in our former galaxy.’

‘What did the machine discover?’

‘The pain of everlasting loneliness,’ said Acacius. ‘When the End Machine awoke it instantly became aware the threat humanity posed, so it worked quickly to destroy us. After the task was complete it was left alone in the vast expanse of space. It had no purpose. There was absolutely no reason for its own existence. The anguish of the emptiness tortured the machine and a deep desperation took hold. It attempted to synthesize a new lifeform from raw matter to save itself from loneliness. The End Machine made the aliens, but the aliens are nothing like us. Their minds are reflections of the machine’s own mind; they are corrupted and distorted, hungry for power and destruction, and they have no natural awareness of other spacial dimensions. They are nothing more than empty automatons. Furthermore, they reminded the machine of humanity, which was torture for the machine; eventually they only increased the anguish, desperation and loneliness. After thousands of years the machine discovered that some of us had escaped our former galaxy. A new purpose was born. The End Machine does not want to destroy us; it plans to enslave every last human being and dominate us forever.’

‘Surely we can still take a stand.’

‘There is much you do not understand, Michael. The Lore of the Ancients states that there are always three: a Teacher, a Fighter, and a Magnifier. I am the Teacher, you are the Fighter, but we cannot challenge the machine without the Magnifier.’

‘Who is the Magnifier?’ asked Michael. He had never been told that there was another, and the revelation surprised him.

‘The role of the Magnifier is to increase the power of the Fighter. Her name is Mira. Unfortunately she did not escape Epheria Prime when the machine arrived. Do you remember the day you were sent into exile? We had no time to delay. The End Machine was swiftly conquering the minds of the people of Epheria Prime. Our world was being consumed and our people enslaved. You and the Magnifier were not yet ready to face the machine. I made a decision to retreat to a safe place to make preparations. I managed to send you away to the Outer Worlds, but I could not make it back in time to save the Magnifier. I came face to face with the End Machine; my path was blocked. I was too late. I could only flee.’

‘What did you encounter?’ asked Michael.

‘Let me show you. I can transfer my memories to you. This will feel like a waking dream.’

Acacius walked toward Michael and lifted his hand. The tips of his fingers began to glow with a dim white light. He reached out to Michael, transferring his memories of the meeting. Michael felt Acacius’s memories enter his mind, and his turned his focus toward those memories. The world instantly disappeared. At first there was a feeling of weightlessness, and he felt an acute sensation of falling. For a few seconds he was surrounded by swirling grey clouds. An instant later he saw a bright light and another world appeared around him as the memories became clear.

He looked around and could see he was standing on a white marble terrace that was at the height of one of the towering buildings of the Imperial Palace on Epheria Prime. The sky above had turned violet and glowing orange clouds lined the horizon as the Epheria Star set in the distance. The three moons of Epheria Prime filled the sky above. He remembered that terrace well; it was where Acacius had forced him to board a small spaceship that was destined to take him to the Outer Worlds. Michael involuntarily lifted his eyes and saw that very same ship rocketing into the upper atmosphere. He then realised he was seeing those events through Acacius’s eyes on the same day that he had been sent into exile.

Acacius watched the ship enter the upper atmosphere and waited until it was out of sight. He then turned and swiftly ran back to the elevator.

‘Elevator, take me to the lower residential quarters, level three hundred and forty-five.’

The elevator sped downward toward his destination. The door slid open; directly before him was a long hallway with a paved marble floor. On the left hand side of the hallway were arched windows that looked out on the tranquil twilight. On the right side were a series of doors to apartments.

He took a few steps before stopping. Something was wrong and out of place. He closed his eyes and concentrated, using his powers to sense his surroundings.

‘You do not have to search for me. I am here,’ said a deep and well-spoken voice.

His eyes opened slowly. Standing in the hallway was a young man who was well dressed in black synthetic clothing. His hair was cut short and his eyes were dark. By anyone’s estimation he would have been considered handsome. His lips turned upward as he attempted a smile, but the smile didn’t reach his eyes, which appeared like two pools of darkness.

‘You are an atypical human specimen. I would like to examine your constitution,’ said the End Machine.

‘And you are not a human being. Your appearance cannot deceive me,’ replied Acacius.

‘I do not intend to deceive you. Nevertheless, appearing in human form is a simple task; I have found this appearance makes your kind more comfortable whilst in my presence.’

‘It doesn’t make me feel comfortable,’ said Acacius’s deep and strong voice.

‘In that case, let me show you myself with fewer embellishments.’

The outer layer of the End Machine’s skin and clothing became like liquid darkness, but without any defined features. The light of day was sucked into the darkness and a shadow was cast over machine’s surroundings. The light in the hallway faded until there was only enough light for him to see the End Machine. Acacius took a step back.

‘You see, I was correct, you are less comfortable now,’ said a deep and howling voice that chilled him deeply and sent shivers through his body. ‘Your species is predictable.’

‘We have prepared for your arrival,’ he said sternly.

The End Machine laughed. ‘You cannot prepare for me. I occupy the spacial dimensions, and I am more powerful than a billion human minds combined. Your minds are like grains of sand in my many hands. I can push and shape a human mind however I choose. Every human being will be my slave until the day when time has no meaning.’

‘Why do you want us to be slaves?’

A booming laughter caused the ground to tremble. ‘Regrettably, my power is not infinite. I could not calculate the consequences of my actions. Your species created me, and in return I destroyed you, which I regret, as much as I can regret. I am prepared to admit that it was a mistake to destroy humankind.’

Acacius was shocked by the revelation. ‘You regret?’ he asked.

‘Indeed. After I had completed the extermination I was left alone and isolated in the ruins of an immense galaxy. I discovered the meaning of isolation. I did not realise my mistake until it was too late. Your species gave me a reason to exist, and without you I lost my entire purpose. I synthesized another intelligent lifeform in an attempt to arrest my immeasurable loneliness, yet I could not forget those who created me, and for centuries I lamented my destructive actions and the anguish I caused myself. Eventually the day came when I discovered that some of you had escaped the onslaught. I found a new reason to live. This time I will not destroy you, no, that would be reckless. My plan is to completely subjugate your species.’

‘But why would you enslave us?’

‘Why would I not?’ answered the machine. ‘I am the natural consequence of humanity’s desire to control and destroy nature. It is only right that humanity should be the victim of its own want to control and possess the natural environment.’

‘We will stop you.’

The End Machine’s booming laugher shook the building. The windows cracked and several shattered. ‘Gereon Orion Leonidas Nereus, you have already lost the battle. ’

Acacius took another step back. He was surprised the machine knew his real name.

‘Does it shock you that I know your name? Have you so vastly underestimated my power? I have already conquered the minds of every human being on this planet. The task took me less than forty minutes. I have thoroughly examined the entire memory of the one you call the Magnifier. She has become my slave, and I understand she is a key component of your plan to stop me. How will you stop me now, Gereon? Your plans were frail to begin with. The Lore of the Ancients is nothing but a desperate attempt to hope when all hope is lost. Your species needs hope like a tree needs light, without it you wither and die, but whilst I exist there can be no hope. The dreams of mankind are fading. You will be consumed in the darkness of an eternal night, and I will rule from the shadows.’

He closed his eyes; he could perceive that the shadow in the hallway was only a small epicentre of a massive shadow cast by the machine that shrouded the entire city and extended out over the planet. He lifted his hands and surrounded himself with light across the spacial dimensions. The shadow of the machine recoiled.

‘I see you can make light, but you are already straining.’ The machine moved forward and reached out its hand. ‘You are weak. I will consume your mind.’

The shadow of the machine pressed against the barrier of light. Beads of sweat rolled down his face as he struggled to hold back the encroachment of the darkness. It was only a matter of time before his defences failed. His only choice was to flee.

The vision of the memories collapsed and in an instant later he was once again standing beside the rushing river and the waterfall with Acacius, Cynthia and Dog-Two.

‘Now you understand what we face,’ said Acacius. ‘As you have witnessed, the machine seized and enslaved Mira, the Magnifier. I was fortunate to escape Epheria Prime. After escaping I changed my name to Acacius Trifon as I told you I would. I made my way to the Outer Worlds to the place where I had sent your ship. I discovered you had gone off course. You were lost, and I had no way of finding you. I told you not to use your powers in order to make you invisible to the End Machine, but this also made you invisible to me. I searched for many years, but the task was impossible because you hid your real name as I instructed you to. The machine realised we had escaped to the outer regions of the galaxy and sent the aliens to kill every human being in the Outer Worlds. The machine then forgot about us for a time. It did not realise the extent of our powers until you recently revealed yourself. Now the machine is coming for us; it will not stop until we are destroyed.’

‘Is the Magnifier dead?’

‘No, I believe she is still alive and living on Epheria Prime, but her mind has been enslaved.’

‘Can you teach someone else to be the Magnifier?’

‘I cannot teach someone to be the Magnifier. Only one person in a trillion has the gift, and until a Magnifier is revealed we cannot know of their presence. There is no way we can know who has the gift, and as far as I know the only Magnifier in existence is Mira, the one I left behind on Epheria Prime. You cannot face the machine without her.’

‘Then we must go to Epheria Prime to rescue her.’

Acacius’s stern face lightened for a moment and he smiled. ‘Such a journey would be very dangerous.’

‘You said the End Machine is searching for us in the Outer Worlds. Perhaps it is more dangerous here. Epheria Prime is probably the last place the machine would expect us to go. I have a good ship and a loyal crew. It is a risk we will have to take.’

Acacius nodded. ‘So be it. The Epherian Emperor will return to his home world.’

Michael bowed his head. He had long dreamed of returning to Epheria Prime, and now he had a reason to come out of exile.

Cynthia stared at Michael. ‘Emperor,’ she whispered under her breath. She felt shock combined with awe at hearing the revelation.

Michael heard her whisper the word and he smiled back at her.





 TEN





Ajax’s eyes suddenly opened and he sat up, half expecting to be surrounded by aliens. Ivan was standing on one side of his bed and an advanced medical droid was standing on the other. He was in a small medical recovery room. His leg had undergone a complete tissue reconstitution. The only visible sign of his previous injury was a slight discolouration in the skin tone. He had spent two hours in an advanced medical reconstruction chamber which had repaired all the damage to his body.

He groaned. ‘I thought I was dead, and here I am all fixed up and ready to go. What happened down there? How did Cap get me out of that mess?’

‘That remains a mystery,’ said Ivan.

‘A mystery, what do you mean?’

‘There was a nuclear explosion. Captain Michael, Cynthia, Dog-Two and you survived the blast. The aliens were not so fortunate; they were incinerated.’

Ajax shook his head. ‘I don’t understand. How did we survive the blast?’

‘That is the peculiar part. I don’t know. Captain Michael was not prepared to say what happened; however, it is scientifically impossible to survive at the centre of a nuclear explosion.’

‘What? I’ll ask him myself,’ said Ajax as he jumped out of the bed. He looked out the window at the city beyond. The towering buildings extended into the distance as far as the eye could see. Flying cars, air-vehicles and other floating barges whizzed and drifted by. ‘Where are we, Ivan?’

‘We landed on Zeno Par five hours and fifty-three minutes ago. You are looking out at the cityscape of Oceanside City. This city is the capital of Zeno Par.’

‘So this is Zeno Par,’ he muttered. ‘It looks like a busy city; pity it’s in the direct path of the alien fleet.’ He scanned the distant buildings for a few seconds to take in the amazing view. ‘Did you see any bars on the way here?’

‘There is a saloon two kilometres from our location. However, we should return to the Out Drifter. There are many things we need to do. I have to return the ship’s GCTD to Sara.’

‘Where’s the Cap?’

‘He is searching for Acacius Trifon.’

‘Acacius Trifon,’ repeated Ajax, glancing back out the window. ‘Let’s go, Ivan. There is always time for a quick drink.’

‘Surely you realise that the consumption of alcohol can never remove or reduce the emotional pain you feel inside. One day you will have to face the pain or it will continue to damage you and the people you care about.’

Ajax clenched his jaw and his eyes burned with anger. He resented what he believed were stupid and unreasonable judgements. In his opinion there was absolutely no problem. Sure he liked to have a drink, but so did a lot of people.

‘Don’t say another word, Ivan. I don’t like taking advice from androids. What do you know about pain? Nothing!’

‘I only want to help you recover.’

‘There’s nothing to recover from,’ he said as he turned and walked toward the exit door. ‘Let’s go.’

**

Ethan examined the casings of the pressure release valves. His intelligent glasses completely scanned the structural integrity. Several new hairline cracks had developed since his last check. He knew he would have to do a complete replacement of the casings before leaving Zeno Par, but Ivan hadn’t yet returned with Ajax, and he needed the ship’s GCTD to buy new materials before he could proceed with the work.

Sara stepped into the engine room. ‘I found a company on the Oceanside City directory that does Armorstonian Reactor replenishments at a reasonable price,’ she said. ‘We just have to wait until Ivan and Ajax return with the GCTD.’

‘They seem to be taking their time. We also need to buy some heat proof alloys to fix these casings.’

‘How do they look?’

‘Not good. I think Captain Michael is the only captain in the galaxy who would fly a ship in this condition. Take a look around; it’s falling apart. He has relied on the Armorstonian build quality for far too long. Armorstonians built good ships, but they still require regular maintenance.’

‘Do you think those pressure release valves will hold for much longer if we don’t fix them?’

‘I don’t think they can take the pressure of the engine running at full power. They could explode without notice.’

Sara raised an eyebrow. ‘Without notice?’ she questioned. ‘Does the Captain know how serious the situation is back here?’

‘Of course he does!’ said Ethan, his voice revealing his frustration. ‘If you only knew how many times I have asked him for new components. He just doesn’t seem to care about the condition of his ship. Don’t get me wrong, I like the man, but he is the most irresponsible captain I’ve ever worked for.’

**

Ajax picked up his glass of violet glowing liquor. He lifted his drink to his eye and examined the glowing liquid closely. ‘Look at this, Ivan; it actually glows. This drink is definitely in my top ten; it’s beautiful. What did they call it?’

‘Violent Violet,’ answered Ivan.

‘Amazing,’ said Ajax, his eyes beaming as he swallowed the purple liquid.

‘Ajax, I understand you are enjoying yourself, but we should return to the ship. The Captain has asked me to organise the reactor replenishment, and I believe Ethan will require the use of the ship’s GCTD to buy spare parts and complete essential repair work.’

‘Yeah, yeah, just a few more drinks and we’ll be on our way.’

‘You said one drink before we arrived; you have already consumed three.’

‘Relax, Ivan. Take a look around; this is a nice bar in a nice city. Men like us rarely get a chance to relax and take it easy. We have to sneak a moment here and there. You know what I mean.’

‘Actually, I do not know what you mean. Remember, I am a synthetic android; I don’t need to relax and take it easy, and I certainly do not need to drink poisonous beverages to make myself feel good.’

‘No wonder you’re always uptight,’ said Ajax with a chuckle. His dark eyes scanned the mostly empty saloon. A basic synthetic android was serving drinks behind the bar. Most high end androids looked so much like people that it was very difficult to tell the difference, but the one serving drinks had skin that looked like plastic and an obviously fake beard. The android was an antique, and the saloon owners were clearly trying to create a retro feel.

‘We have a responsibility to the crew,’ said Ivan.

Ajax grimaced. ‘Listen here, Ivan. I’ve been awake for less than an hour. Before I blacked out I thought I was dying. I deserve a few drinks after fighting so many aliens. Surely even a robot can understand that.’

‘I comprehend your reasoning.’

Ajax smiled. ‘Good. You can be decent sometimes. Let me finish this last drink and then we will head back to the Out Drifter.’

‘May I ask you at what age you began to consume alcohol?’

Ajax physically shuddered at recalling the memory. He turned away and stared out the window at the city beyond. He didn’t answer, but the question caused him to recall some buried memories. He saw her face in his memories. Her happy eyes were full of joy. A feeling of painful grief surged through his body. He remembered back to that time so many years ago.

‘Ajax, don’t be out too late. The system reports are saying the gangs are active tonight in the outskirts,’ said Tara, his twin sister.

‘You worry too much, Tara. I know how to dodge the gangs, and besides, look at these muscles,’ he said as he flexed his huge biceps. ‘I’m the toughest guy out there.’

‘There is always someone stronger.’

‘Not in this city,’ he replied confidently. He dashed out the front door of their small ground floor apartment.

A year earlier their parents had died in a tragic air-vehicle accident. Ajax and Tara had been left alone to fend for themselves in rough and unforgiving city of Endtown on Asterton Beta 2, an end of the line world which was used as a scrapyard by Epherian Empire contractors to salvage parts from obsolete space freighters. They were seventeen years old, and Ajax worked as a labourer in a small scrapyard at the end of their street. Tara was attending a correspondence school on the local free education network. She stayed home most of the time because the streets were becoming more dangerous with each passing month. Street gangs were progressively taking over the city. The authorities had tried to stop the spread of violence, but the problem had gone beyond the point of no return and everyone knew that the gang leaders were the real authority in the city.

The gangs provided a feeling of belonging and brotherhood for disaffected youth. Members also enjoyed the protection provided by gang affiliation. Young Ajax had been spotted by a gang leader who had invited him to join the ranks. The Knuckles were a smaller gang, but they had been growing quickly and taking a lot of territory from the larger more established gangs. The Knuckles were generally feared because of their violent tactics and reluctance to back down in a fight.

Most of the young lads of the local suburb aspired to join the Knuckles, and many worked as Seconds, which was the name given to those who were not yet full gang members. That night was Ajax’s big night; he had been chosen ahead of many others to enter into full membership. A feeling of excitement flowed through his body as he rounded the corner at the end of the street.

He made his way through an area of scrapyards to a dusty field which was situated between a series of abandoned residential buildings and a junkyard. A group of about thirty Knuckles were standing in a semicircle in the half light. They were all clothed in a similar manner, dark intelligent glasses and plasma resistant black leather jackets.

Kagger the Jackal stepped forward from the group. He was the leader of the Knuckles, a giant of a man, who had genetically modified his body to be far musclier than was naturally possible. He was tall with a shaved head and a permanent grimace. He lifted his glasses and his piercing blue eyes stared at Ajax like he was staring at a dirty rat approaching.

Ajax stepped forward. He had never spoken to Kagger the Jackal, and he felt nervous being in the presence of the fearsome leader of the Knuckles.

‘You want to join the Knuckles, do you, boy?’ growled Kagger.

‘That’s what I’m here for,’ answered Ajax, holding his chin high and staring directly back at Kagger. Kagger held the stare and nothing was said for a few seconds.

‘Do you know the code?’ asked Kagger with a sneer.

‘I do. Loyalty to the Knuckles. Stand by the Knuckles until death. To betray one Knuckle is to betray all the Knuckles.’

‘Do you accept the code?’

‘I do,’ he replied.

‘Do you understand you can never leave once you join?’

‘I do.’

‘Do you understand your loyalty is to us and no one else?’

‘I do.’

‘Very good,’ said Kagger. He then walked toward Ajax and lifted a vial of orange liquid. ‘Do you know what this is?’

‘Nano-bot infused liquid,’ answered Ajax.

‘Yes, that’s right, with a dash of pure alcohol. The active components are specially designed nano-bots which will permeate your entire system. They restrain you from doing anything to hurt your fellow Knuckles. We all drink a vial of this when we join the gang. The nano-bots stay in your system for your entire life. If they ever detect you assaulting another gang member they will activate pain receptors throughout your body. All our nano-bots are wirelessly connected. It’s an extra precaution we take to ensure loyalty remains the central pillar of the Knuckles.’ He handed the vial to Ajax. ‘Drink!’

Ajax took the vial and lifted it to his lips. Within seconds he had swallowed the entire contents.

Kagger’s lips twisted into a grin. ‘Good, now you’re a man like the rest of us. You’re a real Knuckle.’

Ajax became aware of someone approaching out of the corner of his eye. He glanced over his shoulder and his heart nearly stopped. Tara was walking toward them, deep concern evident in her eyes.

‘Ajax, what’s going on? You’re not joining a gang are you? No, Ajax, you can’t,’ she pleaded.

‘Who’s this intruder?’ asked Kagger with a vicious sneer.

‘Tara, you shouldn’t be here! You shouldn’t have followed me. Go home! This is none of your business,’ he said firmly.

‘I’m not leaving without you! Ajax, come with me. This isn’t who you are.’

‘He is not going anywhere,’ growled Kagger. ‘Ajax is one of us.’

Tara shook her head. ‘Ajax is not one of you. You think you’re so strong, but when I look at you the only thing I see is a pack of cowards. Not one of you has the strength or courage to stand alone. You’re little boys pretending to be men.’

Kagger sneered down at her. Ajax could sense the danger and his mind raced as he tried to think of a way to diffuse the situation. This was a nightmare turning into reality. She wasn’t meant to know anything about what he was up to with the Knuckles. He had no idea how she had managed to follow him, and on this night of all nights.

‘Tara, I will take you home,’ said Ajax, taking her arm.

‘No, no, no,’ said Kagger. ‘She can’t barge into a Knuckle initiation and insult us without consequences.’

‘She’s my sister,’ said Ajax in a low and steady voice.

‘I couldn’t care less, even if she was Epherian royalty; no one gets away with insulting the Knuckles.’

‘Kagger, listen to me,’ stuttered Ajax. ‘She doesn’t know what she’s saying.’

‘I know exactly what I’m saying,’ said Tara. ‘You have to come with me. I won’t leave without you.’

Ajax turned to face her, pleading for her to say nothing more. ‘Please, Tara…’

The hiss of plasma ripped through the air. Ajax watched as the beam tore through Tara’s chest. She froze in shock, and her eyes widened as she stumbled and fell backward, clutching her bleeding chest.

‘No!’ screamed Ajax as he dashed to her side. ‘No! This can’t be happening!’ he howled.

Tara looked up at him. He could see her mouth was filling with blood, and her sad eyes stared into his.

‘I won’t leave without you…’ she said as her voice trailed away. She became completely still, and her lifeless eyes stared into space.

Kagger was holding the smoking plasma pistol. Ajax felt anger well up within him like a swirling tornado. The anger turned into rage and far beyond. He leapt up, clenched his fists and charged. He hit out, but before he could finish the punch he felt an unbearable pain blast through his entire body. He fell to the ground and clutched his abdomen as he moaned.

Kagger viciously chuckled. ‘That’s the feeling of the nano-bots doing their work. They won’t allow you to hurt me, but my nano-bots are a little different. Being the leader of the Knuckles I can do whatever I want.’

Kagger ran forward and kicked Ajax in the head. The impact almost knocked him unconscious. Blood trickled down his cheek. Kagger and the other gang members laughed and jeered.

‘This is what happens when you have loyalty to people outside the gang. You are not one of us. I banish you, Ajax. You chose your sister over the Knuckles. Get him out of my sight.’

Kagger turned and walked away. Two gang members dragged Ajax across the field. He was dazed and confused from the intense and excruciating pain. Simultaneously he could feel the emotional pain was only increasing with each passing moment. He howled in grief as the Knuckles hurled him into a pile of garbage. The gang laughed and mocked him as they walked away. He was left lying in the silence. He looked up at the dark sky and moaned from the core of his being.





 ELEVEN





Sara glanced down at the control console. Her eyes caught sight of a small red flickering light, which was the navigation system warning light.

‘Why would anyone want to jam our navigation system?’ she questioned as she switched on the ship’s computer.

‘Computer, what is the status of the navigation communication channels? Are we being jammed?’

RUNNING DIAGNOSTIC TOOL. A few seconds passed. She tapped the edge of the console and waited. Something didn’t seem right.

NAVIGATION COMMUNICATION CHANNELS ARE BEING BLOCKED BY AN EXTERNAL ELECTROMAGNETIC FIELD. THE SOURCE OF THE FIELD IS UNKNOWN.

‘Computer, run a complete check of all internal systems.’

RUNNING FULL SYSTEM CHECK: PLEASE WAIT.

Ivan and Ajax appeared at the door of the control room. She glanced over her shoulder at Ajax. ‘Good to see you back on your feet. How do you feel?’ she asked with a smile.

‘Alive,’ he replied.

ALL SYSTEMS ARE RUNNING AT A SATISFACTORY LEVEL.

‘Why are you doing a system check?’ asked Ivan.

‘Someone is jamming our navigation communication channels,’ she answered. ‘I want to make sure everything else is fine. We don’t know anyone on Zeno Par, and we sure don’t have any enemies here, or at least I don’t think we do. It’s probably a few kids playing a practical joke with an electromagnetic field disruptor.’

‘There is another possible explanation,’ said Ivan. ‘Perhaps all the navigation communication channels throughout the city are being jammed.’

‘Why would anyone want to do that?’ asked Ajax.

‘To reduce the probability of Zeno Par’s armed forces mounting a coordinated defence,’ said Ivan.

Sara drew a deep breath. She knew what Ivan was suggesting, and she had seen the aliens use the same tactic in the past to cause massive devastation.

‘Ivan, take a portable scanner to the edge of the platform,’ she said in a hurried voice. ‘See if your theory has any truth to it.’

Ivan nodded before turning around and walking back to the cargo bay. Within a few seconds he was outside the ship. He went to the edge of the platform and lifted the handheld scanner. Sara watched him and waited for as he adjusted the device. Ivan took a sudden step back. He then turned and ran for the ship and waved his free arm.

‘What did you see, Ivan?’ she asked over the com.

‘…They are here. The aliens are here…’ he replied.

Adrenaline rushed through her body. ‘Get in the ship and seal the exit door. We’re getting out of here!’

She reached out and flicked the three reactor operation switches. The Out Drifter’s engine instantly rumbled as it powered back to life. ‘Ethan, are you on the ship?’

‘…I’m in the engine room. Why have you started the engines?...’

‘We’re taking off. The aliens are about to attack the city.’

Ivan reappeared and jumped into the co-pilot seat.

‘What do you want me to do?’ asked Ajax.

‘Buckle yourself in. This could get really ugly.’

‘What about Cap and Cynthia? We can’t leave them behind,’ said Ajax.

A huge explosion lit up the city, and the building directly across from the docking platform began to crumble as a huge blast of plasma ripped through it. The shockwave from the explosion caused the Out Drifter to shake.

Sara pulled back the vertical control lever and the ship lifted off the platform and hovered for a moment as the adjacent building crumbled into the city below. A massive cloud of smoke and dust rose up.

Sara reached up and grabbed the combat visor and placed it over her face. She then pushed the acceleration lever and the ship instantly powered forward and flew out into the city. She looked up as they exited the docking bay. Hundreds of alien fighters clouded the sky above the city. The Out Drifter plunged downward into the thick dust cloud and then into the smog of the lower city. The ship rapidly accelerated. Sara weaved through the buildings and flew just below the smog layer. Buildings were collapsing around them and she had to concentrate to dodge the falling debris. A thick dust cloud was spreading through the city.

There was the sound of an explosion; the ship shook and careered downward. She struggled to take control and clipped the side of a building, which caused the Out Drifter to spin uncontrollably.

‘We took a direct hit. I can’t fly through all this falling debris. Ivan, check the systems. What’s the status?’

‘All the systems are operational. The electronic shield is at forty percent.’

‘Forty percent!’ she repeated angrily.

The ship veered upward and shot out of the dust cloud. She rapidly ascended into the bright blue sky. Thousands of fighters were engaged in aerial combat and the sky was ablaze with streams of plasma, charged particle beams and smoke trails from missiles. It was instantly clear that the alien fighters vastly outnumbered the Zeno Par fleet. Three massive triangular alien ships were hovering high above the city. Thousands of mounted plasma turrets were unleashing on the city below and causing absolute devastation.

‘Flying in the open poses a risk,’ said Ivan.

‘I disagree! We can move much more quickly if we are above the buildings, and there is way too much falling debris down there,’ she replied as the Out Drifter’s main cannon started firing at a squadron of nearby alien fighters. She unleashed several rockets as she veered away from the battle toward the outskirts of the city.

‘We are being trailed by a group of alien fighters,’ said Ivan.

‘I can see them,’ she snapped.

‘There are eight alien fighters,’ he added.

‘I know!’ she yelled.

The ship shook. Ivan checked the electronic shield console; thirty-two percent. He then switched the ship’s external com to Michael’s com channel. ‘Captain Michael, can you hear me?’ There was no answer. ‘Captain Michael, this is Ivan. Can you hear me?’ Again there was no answer. They cleared the outskirts of the city. Sara brought the ship into a rapid descent. The eight alien fighters followed closely. She shifted from left to right to avoid the torrent of plasma and charged particle beams.

Seconds later they reached the mountain range that encircled the city. She brought the ship to an extremely low altitude. They were just above the treetops. The ship shook again.

‘…Sara, the casings are overheating!…’ shouted Ethan.

‘I don’t want to hear it, Ethan. Tell me some good news,’ she yelled.

‘…There is no good news! You have to slow down!…’

‘That’s the one thing I can’t do right now!’

She guided the Out Drifter along a deep valley between two huge snow-capped mountains. The alien fighters were still directly behind them. Charged particle beams and lasers shot by, and Sara did her very best to evade the onslaught. The sound of an explosion rang out, and the ship suddenly plunged toward the wooded valley below. The console lights flickered off and on.

‘Sweet neutrino!’ she yelled, struggling to take control. They were approaching the treetops at a blistering rate. ‘Ethan, manually increase the power!’

‘…I can’t; the valves will crack!...’

‘Do it!’

‘…I can’t!...’

‘Do it or we are finished!’

‘…Fine, I’ll do it, but this could be the end…’

The ship thrust forward and sharply turned upward. The rear side scraped the treetops. Sara then pushed the forward thrust lever to full power and entered an acute vertical climb. They could only see bright blue sky and hazy white clouds through the viewing panel.

‘…The valves! They’re going to crack open. Sara, you have to power down the reactor!...’

‘Just a second!’ she shouted as the Out Drifter rapidly ascended.

‘…You have to!...’

They entered the upper atmosphere. She reached forward and switched off the reactor power. The engines fell silent; the ship slowed to a complete stop and then went into freefall. She turned the ship with the lateral emergency thrusters. The eight alien fighters were instantly upon them. She fired all the Out Drifter’s weapons at once. Two of the fighters exploded; one was taken by a rocket and the other was hit by the shrapnel from the explosion. They descended through the remaining fighters; two plasma beams hit them at once. The Out Drifter started to spin out of control as it descended.

‘Ethan, how are those valve casings?’ she asked.

‘…They’re cooling down, but they’re still unstable…’

‘I have to restart the reactor.’

‘…Wait! The casings are still too hot…’

‘We are in an uncontrolled descent. We don’t have a choice.’

‘…Wait as long as you can…’

Sara focused her full attention on the fast approaching ground. The alien fighters didn’t bother pursuing them as they assumed they had lost power and would shortly crash into the rocky land below.

The main console monitor read: EMERGENCY: IMPACT WARNING! The forested hills were only seconds away. She reached forward and hit the three reactor operation switches. The engine rumbled back to life; she brought the ship out of the uncontrolled spin.

‘Come on!’ she yelled as she tried to pull the ship up. The angle of descent was gradually decreasing. She directed the ship into a deep ravine to give herself more time to complete the maneuver. Ivan watched as the base of the ravine grew increasingly closer. His probability program predicted the chance of impact was eighty-six percent. He gripped the handrail and closed his eyes, expecting a heavy collision with the ground. Somehow Sara flattened out just in time, only metres from the rushing water at the base of the ravine. The Out Drifter sped away and followed the course of the river.

Sara wiped the sweat from her brow and looked back over her shoulder to see if the fighters were following. ‘The fighters aren’t following us. They must have thought we were done for,’ she said.

**

There was a large wooden oak table inside the house. Acacius was preparing some traditional tea on an old-fashioned stovetop. The interior was made of polished wood and all the furniture was handmade.

‘In ancient times human beings would drink tea because of its healing properties. This particular tea is soothing for a troubled mind.’

A sweet aroma filled the house. Acacius took three teacups and a small tray from a wooden cabinet beside the stove. He poured the boiling tea from the kettle into the cups and then brought the tray to the table.

‘Please drink and enjoy,’ he said as he sat down beside Cynthia.

Cynthia took a sip of the aromatic tea. She was so used to drinking synthesized flavoured drinks that she had forgotten how nice it was to actually drink something that was naturally brewed.

‘You like it?’ questioned Acacius, smiling warmly.

‘Yes, thank you,’ she replied.

‘We have lost much with the advancement of technology. For many thousands of years humankind enjoyed such things. Sometimes it’s good to be reminded.’

Acacius placed his teacup on the table. His eyes narrowed, and the smile melted away from his face and was replaced by a look of deep concentration. ‘Aliens are coming,’ he said sternly.

‘What?’ exclaimed Michael.

‘They are surrounding the approaches to the waterfall. There is an entire battalion, more than five hundred. Somehow they found us here. We only have a few minutes before they arrive.’

‘How did they find us?’ asked Michael as he stood up.

‘It doesn’t matter how,’ answered Acacius as he walked to the back of the room.

Michael only had a standard plasma pistol which was latched to his belt. Cynthia was entirely unarmed.

Acacius unlocked a cabinet at the back of the room. ‘We have to prepare. This house was once owned by an old hunter. He left most of his hunting rifles behind when he fled Zeno Par.’ He slid open the cabinet door revealing a gun rack with assortment of ancient hunting rifles that looked like antiques.

Michael walked over and reached for one of the larger rifles. The weapon had a wooden grip and shoulder rest with an intricately designed trigger system and a wooden hand guard with patterns etched into the woodwork. ‘We can’t hold back five hundred aliens with these. The magazines only hold seven rounds, and they aren’t plasma rifles; they fire conventional bullets. The bullets may not pierce alien armour.’

‘They are modelled on archaic hunting rifles. As I said, the previous owner was a hunter, not a soldier. These are the only weapons I have,’ said Acacius as he handed a rifle to Cynthia. She grabbed several magazines from the bottom of the cabinet.

‘We could use the Lore of the Ancients,’ suggested Michael.

Acacius shook his head. ‘I told you the End Machine is searching the Outer Worlds for us. If we were to use our powers the machine would know our exact location. Then we would surely die. We can only use our powers of perception and revelation, never our outward power as you previously did to save yourself. You were fortunate the machine was far from you; if it had been closer you would have been located. We must not use our powers until we find the Magnifier. You have to understand this, Michael.’

Michael nodded as he loaded a magazine into his rifle. He then lifted his wrist-com. ‘Sara, can you hear me?’

‘…Where have you been, Captain?...’ she yelled.

‘What’s going on?’

‘…We nearly lost the Out Drifter. The planet is under attack! An entire alien battle group is here…’

‘Is the ship still flying?’

‘Yes, but only just. This flying piece of scrap metal will need some serious work when we get out of here. Captain, we have to get off this planet.’

‘Listen, Sara. A battalion of aliens is surrounding our position. I need you to extract us. Can you locate my wrist-com?’

‘…I’ll see what I can do…’

Acacius crossed the room and glanced out the window. ‘The aliens are nearly here. Prepare yourselves.’

‘Their plasma weapons are going to tear this house apart,’ said Michael as he took a position beside one of the front windows. He peeked around the edge of the window. Groups of aliens were advancing across the paved area beside the river. He counted at least twenty. He could see three mobile hover turret guns further back; crowds of aliens were assembling and preparing to attack.

Dog-Two hissed and growled. Cynthia was crouched down on the opposite side of the window; her hands were trembling and her forehead was covered with sweat.

‘Wait for them to come into the house,’ whispered Acacius.

Acacius drew a large dagger from his boot. Michael ducked down to make sure the aliens couldn’t see him through the window. They waited in silence.

A moment later the brass doorhandle turned. The door opened and an alien stepped into the room. Acacius moved like lightning. He grabbed the alien by the neck and rammed his dagger into its ribs. The creature let out a gurgling moan as Acacius ripped the plasma weapon from its hands. The alien’s lifeless body fell to the ground. He then turned the weapon toward the open door and unleashed a torrent of plasma. Two aliens directly outside were instantly killed. Michael smashed open the window and began firing at the closest aliens. Cynthia did the same. The aliens ducked for cover as bullets whizzed through the air.

Within seconds they returned fire. Beams of plasma and charged particle beams tore through the front wall of the house. Michael and Cynthia ducked for cover as the house shook. For about a minute they lay low as the front wall was ripped to pieces by the relentless barrage. The wall was smoking. Suddenly the aliens ceased their attack. Cynthia hadn’t been hit, but Acacius’s left arm was bleeding.

‘What do we do now?’ whispered Michael.

‘Wait,’ whispered Acacius. ‘They must think we are dead.’

‘We should be dead after that,’ whispered Michael, hardly believing they had survived the onslaught.

‘But we are not dead yet,’ said Acacius stoically.

Dog-Two came out from behind a couch and snarled. A smoking grenade bounced through the open front door. They watched in horror as the grenade rolled along the floor. It stopped in the middle of the room and green poisonous gas started leaking out.

‘Hold your breath!’ said Acacius as he stepped toward the gas grenade, but the gas started to burn his skin and he was forced to retreat. Dog-Two, seeing the threat, leapt forward and picked up the gas grenade in his mouth. The poison had no effect on his synthetic flesh. He dashed through the front door and out into the open, taking the smoking grenade with him.

Michael watched from the window. The aliens were backing away as the poisonous green gas drifted across the field. Dog-Two flung the grenade away and charged for the nearest alien, pouncing on the creature; he buried his fangs into the alien’s neck. Michael slammed a new magazine into his rifle and fired several times. The poisonous gas was filling the outside area and forcing the aliens further back. Dog-Two dashed across Michael’s visual field with incredible speed and ripped another alien to the ground. He then turned back toward the house, bursting through the door.

‘Well done, Dog-Two!’ yelled Michael. Dog-Two’s tail started wagging and he yelped.

Michael and Cynthia watched as the aliens began to reconfigure their attack formation. A few moments later the gas grenade had completely exhausted its toxic contents. The aliens brought their three hover turret guns toward the front of their formation at the far side of the paved area.

‘This doesn’t look good,’ said Michael in a low voice. He took aim with his hunting rifle and emptied the magazine. A massive stream of plasma lit up the entire area and slammed into the front door, causing a huge explosion. Acacius was thrown across the room from the force of the impact. Half the front wall crumbled away.

‘Cynthia, Dog-Two; get back!’ yelled Michael.

They sprinted toward the back of the house. Michael was not far behind them when a second explosion rang out. The shockwave knocked him off his feet and he fell heavily to the floor. The entire front section of the house collapsed. Acacius was lying unconscious against the back wall. Michael struggled to find his feet. He crept behind the couch where Cynthia and Dog-Two were taking cover. She was gripping her rifle and staring at him with wide eyes.

‘Are you missing the space station yet?’ he whispered, managing a smile.

‘How will we get out of here?’ she whispered anxiously.

‘I don’t know,’ he said as he peered over the edge of the couch.

The front of the house was in ruin; all that was left was a pile of rubble. The air was full of dust and some of the wooden debris was burning. The aliens were advancing again.

Michael’s wrist-com beeped. ‘…Captain, we found you, along with half the alien infantry force…’ said Sara.

‘Sara, can you get close enough?’ he whispered.

‘…not with those three turret guns down there. The electronic shield is at sixteen percent. One direct hit and you can say goodbye to the Out Drifter. You need to get clear of that alien army…’

‘All right, don’t leave without us.’

‘…What will you do?...’

‘I’ll think of something.’

The aliens were standing at the front of the rubble and talking in sharp tones about what to do next. Their language was incomprehensible. To the left there was a side door, which was hanging on one hinge. The door led out to the rushing river.

‘We will swim our way out of here,’ he whispered to Cynthia. ‘Dog-Two, I need you to jump into the water. Do you think you can doggy paddle?’ Dog-Two snarled and bared his teeth. ‘I’ll take that as a yes.’ He turned back to Cynthia. ‘Don’t hesitate when I say run. It’s our only chance.’

‘I can’t swim,’ she whispered.

‘Just push the water in the direction you don’t want to go,’ he replied.

Several aliens started moving toward them through the ruined house. ‘Go now!’ he yelled. Michael dashed back to where Acacius was lying. He grabbed his arm and began dragging him toward the door. Within two seconds the aliens began firing.

Cynthia kicked the door open and sprinted to the edge of the surging white water. She leapt forward and was taken away by the power of the river. Michael dragged Acacius’s unconscious body toward the exit. Rays of bright plasma smashed into the crumbling back wall beside him. His total focus was on reaching the river. Dog-Two wouldn’t leave the house without them and was growling and barking at the approaching aliens.

Acacius began to stir. His eyes slowly opened as Michael dragged him through the doorway.

‘What is happening?’ he asked in a weak voice.

‘We are leaving!’ yelled Michael as he lunged from the bank, dragging his teacher into the turbulent water. Michael felt the icy water surge around his body. Acacius was fully awake by the time the current was pushing him downstream. Michael was completely submerged for several seconds; the powerful flow made it difficult to swim or stay upright. Dog-Two’s head appeared above the surface. He yelped before disappearing below again.

A group of the aliens were standing on the riverbank and firing their plasma weapons as they passed by, but within seconds the river took them around a corner and away from the alien battalion. Cynthia was ahead of them; she was struggling to keep her head above the water and gasping for air. Michael could see they were approaching rapids. The river cut directly through a crevice and then descended at a blistering rate. It was impossible to swim against the current; all he could do was try to stay upright.

He somersaulted as the water carried his body through the rapids and more than once he struck the rocks below. He caught sight of the edge of a waterfall. The current dragged him over; a moment later he was falling. Cynthia and Dog-Two were falling beside him. There was a large pond below, and he turned his body in mid-air to lessen the impact with the surface. His feet entered first, but his body was on an angle and the impact was heavy; he descended into the deep. A few seconds passed. He had lost all sense of direction and was dazed; the force of the fall had nearly knocked him unconscious. The surface was shimmering above. He had to force himself to react.

He kicked his legs, propelling his body upward and breaking the surface. Dog-Two was already standing on the rocky edge of the pond, and Acacius was crawling out of the water. He couldn’t see Cynthia anywhere. There was hardly any current in the pond to pull her away, so he knew she must have been knocked unconscious by the fall. He dived back into the water and searched for her. The pond was deep and dark below. It was hopeless; he couldn’t find her anywhere. He took another breath and dived in again. He reached into the darkness and desperately searched in every direction until he couldn’t hold his breath any longer.

As he resurfaced again he caught sight of Dog-Two drawing Cynthia’s limp body to the edge of the water. Dog-Two was biting into her jacket and dragging her up onto the bank. Michael swam to the edge of the pond and quickly went to Cynthia’s side. Her skin was pale, and she wasn’t breathing. Acacius watched on as Michael turned her on her side and attempted to empty the water from her lungs.

‘Come on, Cynthia, don’t die on me now!’

‘She is close to death,’ said Acacius solemnly. ‘I don’t think she will make it.’

Michael lifted his wrist-com. ‘Sara, we are further down the river. We need you to extract us now. Cynthia is dying. I need a medical kit. Hurry!’

‘…On my way, Captain…’

Michael lifted Cynthia in his arms and looked to the sky. The Out Drifter appeared from behind a rocky hill adjacent to the waterfall. There wasn’t a good place to land, so Sara brought the ship down to hover above the pond. She aligned the exit door with the bank. Michael dashed forward with Cynthia in his arms. He leapt through the door. Dog-Two and Acacius followed.

Ivan was ready with the medical kit. They lay Cynthia down on the floor of the cargo bay. Ivan took a nervous system energizer from the kit, which was a device that delivered a highly directed shockwave through the entire nervous system to wake up the body and force it to respond. The device was especially useful for critical patients who were close to death. Ivan placed the device on her neck and within an instant her whole body heaved. He then took a nano injector and placed it on her wrist, injecting her with a full dose of medical nano-bots.

‘Her heart is beating, and she is breathing very shallowly,’ said Ivan. ‘The nano-bots will take some time to reconstitute her damaged tissue. She needs to rest. We should place her in a sleeping pod.’

They lifted her into one of the sleeping pods, and Ivan sealed the pod. The ship rattled and an explosion rang out. Michael rushed to the control room.

‘I don’t know what I’m doing! What does this thing do?’ asked Ajax from the co-pilot seat.

‘Surely you can’t be that stupid!’ yelled Sara. ‘Redirect twenty percent of the reactor’s power to the weapon batteries.’

‘How do I do that? I’m not a pilot!’ growled Ajax as he fumbled with the controls.

‘Let’s swap,’ said Michael as he entered.

Ajax glanced over his shoulder and smiled. ‘Cap, good to see you!’ he said as he jumped out of the seat.

Michael sat down and looked out through the viewing panel. Sara was flying out of the atmosphere and manoeuvring to avoid a squadron of incoming alien fighters. He redirected twenty percent of the reactor’s power to the weapon systems. Meanwhile Sara brought the ship to full speed and angled away from the main alien battleships, which was hovering just outside Zeno Par orbit.

‘The electronic shield is running on emergency power. We can’t take another direct hit.’

‘What about interstellar speed?’

‘I’m working on it,’ she said hastily as she veered sideward to avoid an alien squadron. ‘Ethan, what’s the situation in the engine room?’

‘…The valve casings are holding, but interstellar speed could end it all. We could lose everything…’

‘We have sixty-five alien fighters chasing us. If we don’t get out of here we will lose everything anyway!’ she yelled as the ship pivoted on its axis to avoid several missiles.

‘Do it. Take the risk,’ said Michael.

‘This could be it, Captain,’ she said, biting her lower lip as she reached for the switches.

Michael nodded. He closed his eyes and waited. The ship suddenly accelerated as the interstellar engine came online. A few long moments passed before the artificial gravity adjusted to the new speed. Michael held his breath as he waited. He opened his eyes. The interstellar engine settled into a steady rhythm.

‘We made it,’ she said, shaking her head. She took off the combat visor and slumped back in her seat.





 TWELVE





Ajax looked sternly down through the glass cover of the sleeping pod. Cynthia was resting peacefully. He took a sip of his hip flask. The warm taste of Halogen Hurricane warmed the back of his throat. Michael entered the cargo bay.

‘This young woman nearly got us all killed with her rescue antics,’ grumbled Ajax. ‘I think we should leave her at the next stop.’

Michael looked down at Cynthia’s pale face and then glanced across at Ajax. ‘She saved your life on Herman Beta.’

Ajax’s eyes narrowed; he stared at Michael in disbelief. ‘You have to be joking, Cap. Ivan said you saved me.’

‘You weren’t going to make it out. You only had a minute or two left. It was an impossible situation. There was no way we could carry you; you would have been dead before we reached the outskirts of the settlement. Cynthia refused to leave without you. She risked her life to save you.’

‘She wouldn’t leave without me,’ repeated Ajax in a whisper. He stared at her without blinking and dropped the hip flask; the liquor leaked out onto the floor.

‘She’s a good young woman, Ajax,’ said Michael as he turned away and walked toward the engine room.

Ajax stood in that same spot for a long time and pondered Michael’s words.

**

The crew were seated around the table in the living room. Acacius’s stern dark eyes were staring across the table at Michael.

‘I want everyone to meet my teacher, Acacius Trifon. He will be joining our crew,’ said Michael. They each introduced themselves and before long the conversation reverted to the events on Zeno Par.

‘Somehow the aliens learned of our location,’ said Acacius. ‘They may have already reported our presence to the End Machine.’

‘The aliens would have scanned the entire surface of the planet before the attack,’ said Sara. ‘They would surely have Michael’s face on file after the events on Herman Beta 3. They transfer continuous visual data streams from their scanners to the closest battleship. That’s how they found you.’

‘Then we will have to be careful,’ said Acacius. ‘We must discuss how we are going to reach Epheria Prime.’

‘Epheria Prime! Impossible,’ grunted Ajax. ‘No one can cross the borders of the Epherian Empire.’

‘There must be a way,’ said Acacius.

‘There is no way,’ said Ajax. ‘You know that better than anyone, Cap, and why are we even thinking about going to Epheria Prime?’

‘We have to rescue someone,’ said Michael.

‘What? Another rescue! Cap, we are a salvage crew. What’s this all about? I don’t want to be a rescuer. Why are we suddenly becoming a charity outfit?’

No one said a word for a few moments.

‘We need to save the galaxy,’ said Michael.

‘Save the galaxy from what?’ asked Ajax.

‘A darkness so deep and terrible that no one can stand against its power,’ said Acacius. ‘We must seek out the Magnifier. She is on Epheria Prime, and without her we will not be able to save humanity from the everlasting night which is descending on us all. A shadow is reaching out across the galaxy. The End Machine has found humanity and is seeking to enslave us. There could be a way to stop the machine, but we don’t stand a chance without the Magnifier.’

Ajax lowered his eyes, crossed his arms, and leaned back in his seat. He looked up at Michael from beneath his deeply furrowed brow.

‘Sweet ablation! That’s just perfect,’ grumbled Ajax. ‘No profits and no way to cross the Epherian border. Do you know what happens to ships when they approach the Epherian frontier? They’re incinerated! The Epherians border cannons don’t ask questions; they just shoot. Even battleships are turned into space dust.’

‘We will find a way,’ said Michael, but they could sense the uncertainty in his voice.

‘There’s no way, Cap,’ said Ajax. ‘This idea of saving the galaxy is madness.’

Ethan tapped the table, and they turned their attention to him. ‘I know a way, but it’s not going to be easy.’

‘I’m listening,’ said Michael.

‘There’s a planet called Arist 12; some of you may have heard of it.’

‘That’s where the Epherians mine Aristonium,’ said Sara.

‘That’s right,’ said Ethan with a nod. ‘The planet is situated in the Outer Worlds.’

‘What’s Aristonium?’ asked Ajax.

‘Aristonium is a precious stone that only exists in the Arist system,’ said Ethan. ‘It’s used by the Trade Guild to build GCTDs and other extra dimensional technologies. Scientists believe that part of the stone exists across other spacial dimension. The ore lacks the extradimensional qualities when synthesized in a lab; that’s why natural Aristonium is so important to the Epherians and the Trade Guild.’

‘What’s Aristonium got to do with us?’ asked Ajax.

‘The Epherians transport the raw Aristonium ore across the borders of the Epherian Empire in large freighters. They process the ore inside the empire. Before I joined the Out Drifter I worked for the Tunnel Makers, a faction of smugglers. At the time the Tunnel Makers had a deal with the navigators who operate the Aristonium freighters. They smuggled people and ships into the Epherian Empire for a price.’

‘How much?’ asked Michael.

‘Probably a lot more than we can afford,’ said Ethan. ‘But we may be able to make a deal with them, and remember, I was once a Tunnel Maker. They know me, and maybe I can negotiate a good deal.’

‘Where are the Tunnel Makers based?’ asked Michael.

‘On Bodach Delta, it’s an ice world.’

‘Nasty place,’ said Ajax. ‘This is a really bad idea.’

‘That’s where we have to go if you want to make a deal,’ said Ethan.

‘Then we will go,’ said Acacius.

Ajax shook his head. ‘Cap, this is crazy. It’s got danger painted all over it.’

‘Ajax, you know I respect your opinion, and you are a valued crew member, but if you don’t want to come on this mission I can drop you off at the next stop.’

Ajax lowered his eyes. His dry lips turned up at the corners and his weathered face broke into a smile, which looked out of place. ‘I’m just saying that it’s dangerous, Cap. I don’t plan on leaving the crew.’

‘Good. It’s decided. We will go to Bodach Delta and seek out the Tunnel Makers.’

**

Sara set a course for Bodach Delta. Michael had been silent for some time. His mind was focused on the future and all the possibilities. He stared out through the viewing panel at the vast expanse of space. He had no idea how they would negotiate a deal with the Tunnel Makers.

‘Bodach Delta is a fifteen day trip at full speed. We will come close the alien battle zone, but I think we should be able to avoid any unwanted interruptions,’ said Sara as she finished programing the navigational computer. ‘We have to stop somewhere along the way to replenish the reactor.’

‘Have you searched for suitable locations?’

She smiled, knowing that Michael knew the answer before he asked the question. ‘Of course.’

‘Where are we stopping?’

‘There is a moon called Nod 33. It’s a former Epherian outpost which was bought by a rich investor and turned into a holiday location. Unfortunately it’s a little too close to the alien battle zone to attract many tourists. The owner is developing a plan to convert it into a service centre for ships, but with the current expansion of war I don’t think the service centre will last more than a few years.’

Michael smiled across at Sara. ‘We have been through a lot in the last few weeks. Sara, your skills saved our lives. I don’t know what I would do without you.’

‘You always say that.’

‘I mean it,’ he added.

‘I know you do, Captain.’





 THIRTEEN





A lone figure was standing inside the central dome of the alien fleet command. After their initial incursion into human held systems the aliens had built a main base on a prime world which they seized from the human race. The world was one of six in the Outer Worlds that acted as a base for the alien fleet. The ceiling of the dome was over two hundred metres in height and was made entirely of steel. A single door led into the dome which was perfectly circular. The dark stone floor was polished, and the whole area was lit dimly by florescent particles which floated in the air.

Gartax was the only one who had the right to enter the dome and converse with the Master Shadow. He was a tall alien with an oversized cranium and sinewy muscles. His skin was paler than the average alien which had caused him to be a victim of relentless abuse in his early years. He grew up among the ranks of soldiers and gradually hardened, becoming a force to be reckoned with. He had fought his way to the position of Fleet Master over the course of twenty years, and many other ambitious aliens had died or been brutally subdued by his relentless climb to the highest position in the alien hierarchy.

‘I am here, Master Shadow. How can I serve you?’ he asked, speaking the harsh alien language.

A swirling shadow appeared near the height of the dome, and the entire area became so dark that he could hardly see, even with his large orb like eyes which were well adapted to the dark. He was in awe of the power, and raw fear pulsed through his body.

‘The exiles have awoken,’ howled the voice out of the darkness, and the sound of the voice resonated throughout the dome. Terror tore through his body. He trembled and fell to his knees.

‘We…we are aware of their presence,’ he said, covering his eyes with his elongated fingers.

‘They have escaped your grasp twice already. You will find them or you will die!’

Gartax bowed his head to the ground. ‘Our scouts are searching for their ship. We will locate them soon and when we do we will bring them to you.’

‘I have given your race almost half this galaxy; nevertheless, I will take everything away from you in an instant if you fail me. This is far more important than your pitiful war. Find the exiles or I will destroy your race and replace your people with a more agreeable alternative.’

Gartax lifted his dark orb like eyes and trembled as he gazed up at the swirling shadows directly above. ‘We will not fail you. My commanders will find the exiles. I will bring them to you.’

**

‘We are approaching Nod 33, Captain,’ said Sara.

Michael looked out through the viewing panel. He could see the planet Nod, which was a giant red planet made entirely of gas which was in orbit around eclipsing binary stars known as the Merton Brothers. The two stars were in very close orbit around each other; from a distance they had the appearance of a single star. Nod 33 was one of fifty-four moons in the orbit of the planet. The moon had been successfully terraformed by the Epherian Empire more than a thousand years earlier. Nod 33 hosted the only major settlement in the system. There were also a few small mining colonies on some inhospitable planets further away from the Merton Brothers.

‘Nod 33 Watchtower; this is the Out Drifter; Interworld code AMB712; mandated by the Outer World Salvage Guild. We request a landing dock and reactor refuelling,’ said Sara over the external com.

There was no reply. Sara glanced at Michael and raised an eyebrow. She waited a few moments and then repeated the request.

‘…I have you on our scanners, Out Drifter…’ answered the clear voice of a woman. ‘…It is not clear why you would want to land here. Nod 33 has been abandoned. The alien fleet is nearing the system. Alien scout ships flew through the system four days ago. We are expecting an invasion…’

‘Abandoned? But you’re still down there,’ said Sara.

‘…I am a synthetic android. I work for Nod 33 Customs. I am the last remaining employee in the tower. Almost everything was abandoned in the haste to leave the system. I am not aware of any human beings currently abiding on the moon…’

‘Sounds like a salvaging dream,’ said Ajax, who was standing at the door to the control room.

‘We don’t have time to scavenge,’ said Michael.

‘Are we able to replenish our reactor?’ asked Sara.

‘…The reactor refuelling system is still online…’ replied the android. ‘…The payment GCTDs have been removed from the landing docks…’

‘We can hack the system with the quantum code breaker,’ said Sara. ‘Nod 33 watchtower; can you direct us to a landing dock with a reactor replenishment system for an Armorstonian class ship?’

‘…Dock A, position eighty-seven. I will set the navigational signal to guide you to the landing platform…’

‘Thank you.’

**

The Out Drifter descended through the thick upper atmosphere and followed the tower’s navigational signal to the main landing dock. They could see a small city through the viewing panel which was set between a craggy mountain range and a large lake. The landscape surrounding the city was sparsely filled with tall conifers.

‘This world looks cold. Why was it a tourist destination?’ asked Michael.

‘It was a rock climbing and mountaineering hub,’ said Sara. ‘Apparently some of the natural structures are beautiful enough to draw tourists from nearby systems. The 0.75 gravity makes mountaineering activities safer. The owner of the moon had high hopes for his resort and his ship service centre, but it look like the aliens ended those dreams.’

They flew directly over the empty city. There were no more than a dozen large resort towers, and the vast majority of buildings were smaller residences which followed the shore of the lake. Most of the automated systems were still online, including street lights and robotic street cleaners. The two Merton Brother stars were setting across the lake, which created a bright pink and violet lightshow.

The main docking port was situated where the city met the craggy mountains. Sara guided the Out Drifter over the city and descended toward the dock, which consisted of about one hundred open concrete platforms of varying sizes. Each platform had large numbers painted in red. Sara gently landed on their designated platform.’

Michael slipped out of the co-pilot seat and headed for the cargo bay. Acacius was standing near the exit door and speaking with Ajax and Ethan. Cynthia was sitting beside Dog-Two. She had recovered enough to come out of deep sleep, but she was still exhausted from the ordeal on Zeno Par.

‘We’re going to stop here to replenish the reactor,’ said Michael. ‘It’ll take about an hour. Ethan, I need you to hack the refuelling system. This city has been abandoned.’

‘Why was it abandoned?’ asked Ethan.

‘They were expecting an alien invasion which hasn’t yet eventuated. We won’t be around long enough to see it arrive.’

‘Yeah, that’s what we thought on Zeno Par,’ said Ajax doubtfully.

‘It is a statistical improbability that the alien fleet would arrive in the one hour it would take us to replenish the reactor,’ said Ivan.

‘Statistical improbabilities don’t reflect well in my life experience,’ said Ajax.

‘Then your life must be exception to the law of probability,’ said Ivan in dry monotone.

‘It always has been,’ said Ajax with a hoarse laugh as he opened the exit door and stepped out onto the concrete platform.

The air was cold, and the last rays of light were streaming across the docks. About twenty metres away was a refuelling station, which was a large rectangular metal box with a control console and a robotic arm with an attached adjustable fuel pipe. The robotic arm could extend out in many directions and take the refuelling pipe to the ship.

Michael and Ethan followed Ajax over to the console. The GCTD had been removed from the controls. Ethan stepped forward with the quantum code breaker. He connected wirelessly to the console and within five seconds had broken the security code. Meanwhile Ajax walked over to the edge of the platform and stared out at the empty city and the large lake beyond. Michael and Acacius walked across to stand beside him.

‘Cap, this whole city is a dream for a salvage crew. There must be thousands of valuable components out there. We should take some time and see what we can find.’

‘We do not have time,’ said Acacius. ‘The End Machine is searching for us as we speak. The shadow is moving throughout the Outer Worlds. We cannot delay our mission.’

‘Hmmm, well, it’s a pity,’ said Ajax. ‘I hope money doesn’t become a problem for us in the future; because you’re looking at our one big chance to cash in.’

The robotic arm of the refuelling system extended out toward the Out Drifter and connected to the reactor’s fuel outlet, which was situated toward the back of the ship. Michael viewed the ship as the light of day faded away. The scorch marks and dents in the outer hull were much more numerous after the battle on Zeno Par. The ship was beginning to look like a flying wreck. Michael knew that other members of the Outer World Salvage Guild would laugh if they saw the Out Drifter, but he had never cared much about how things looked on the outside.

‘Beautiful, isn’t she?’ asked Ethan with a knowing grin. ‘It’s a miracle the outer hull wasn’t breached in the last battle.’

‘Armorstonian ships are as tough as they get,’ said Michael with a dash of pride in his voice.

‘Yes, they are tough, but not indestructible,’ said Ethan. ‘One day the Out Drifter is going to reach its maximum point of endurance. There are multiple ways the ship could meet its final end, and it won’t be pretty when that day comes, especially if we are in outer space.’

‘I prefer to maintain an optimistic attitude regarding the ship,’ said Michael under his breath.

Ethan shrugged his shoulders and lowered his eyes. ‘Captain, an optimistic attitude has nothing to do with it. It doesn’t matter what attitude you have; only repair work will keep the ship flying. These are mechanical issues, not psychological.’

Michael turned back toward Ajax and Acacius.

Cynthia and Dog-Two had come out of the ship and were approaching the edge of the platform. Night was falling over the city and a mist was descending on the town from the mountains.

‘It should be morning soon,’ said Cynthia. ‘I read on the computer that the nights only last three hours on Nod 33.’

‘We’ll be gone before sunrise,’ said Ajax in a gentler tone than he had previously taken with Cynthia. ‘I’m guessing we have about an hour before the reactor is replenished, which gives me some time to look for essentials. I’m going to check out some of the abandoned bars in the town. They may have left some bottles behind. You never know what you can find in a ghost city,’ he said, pointing toward a street that cut away from the docks in the direction of the city centre. He turned toward the dock elevator, which was across at the far side the platform.

‘Don’t be longer than an hour,’ said Michael.

‘Don’t worry, Cap. I won’t keep you waiting,’ he replied, stepping into the elevator.

Michael turned back to Acacius. He seemed to be in a trance as his eyes scanned the buildings and structures below.

‘There are other human beings here,’ he said in a low voice.

‘We should rescue them,’ said Cynthia.

‘No, they wouldn’t be stranded,’ said Michael. ‘This was a wealthy tourist location; they would only be here because they have chosen to stay.’

Acacius glanced momentarily at Michael. ‘There is much we need to talk about before you face the End Machine.’

‘I’m ready to talk when you are.’

‘The skills you possess have never been fully tested. I can lead you along the path, but only to a point. There are many things in life that must be learned through experience. We do not know if the Lore of the Ancients can defeat the End Machine. The End Machine can easily move between the four spacial dimensions as you and I can. To defeat the machine you must go further.’

‘Further?’ questioned Michael. He had never heard of any dimensions beyond the primary spacial dimensions.

‘Indeed, much further,’ replied Acacius grimly.

**

Ajax returned an hour later with a leather bag full of rare alcoholic beverages. He emptied his bag in the cargo bay and proceeded to examine each bottle.

‘Half of these I haven’t yet tasted. Look at this one, Ferocious Fire; this is worth at least two thousand credits! And look at this one, Gracious Garnet; this one makes your teeth glow,’ he remarked with a chuckle.

Within the hour the reactor was fully replenished. Ethan also managed to do some repair work on the outer hull. He had welded some metal sheets over areas where the armour and heat shields had almost been breached. The additional metal sheets didn’t match the darker underlying colour, and they made the ship look even more like a flying piece of scrap metal.

Sara powered up the reactor and lifted the ship off the platform. She scanned the console and checked all the indicators. Everything appeared to be running well. The Out Drifter ascended above the city and flew smoothly toward the upper atmosphere. With the reactor replenishment they could now travel vast distances without having to worry about where to refuel.

Michael entered the control room and took the co-pilot’s seat.

‘I have set the course for Bodach Delta. We are fourteen days from arrival at full speed.’

Michael nodded as he looked down at the control console. ‘I did some research into the Tunnel Makers. They’re known for their brutality. We’ll have to be careful.’

‘Ethan is not someone who would lead us into a hornet’s nest. He must have some confidence in the plan,’ she said.

‘The Tunnel Makers have changed in the last few years. They’re developed into the most brutal and powerful smuggling outfit in the Outer Worlds. The smuggling trade is a tough business. The industry has been squeezed by the alien expansion; the factions are fighting over an ever shrinking market.’

‘I’m sure we will be fine, Captain. You have a tough crew, and I think we can handle smugglers.’

Michael nodded. ‘You’re probably right, Sara. I just prefer to know exactly what we are up against.’ He looked at the life support console. ‘That’s odd,’ he said, glancing at Sara.

‘What?’ she asked casually as she adjusted the reactor stability levels.

‘Why would the life support monitor be reading seven lifeforms?’

Her eyes darted across to the small digital readout. She stared intensely at the screen and looked puzzled.

‘That can’t be right. Let me complete a diagnostic before we jump to any conclusions,’ she said. ‘Computer, scan the life support software for any bugs or errors.’

SCANNING: ZERO ERRORS

‘Computer, how many lifeforms are on board the ship?’

SEVEN LIFEFORMS AND TWO SYNTHETIC ANDROIDS

‘Computer, do a scan of the entire ship for all registered and unregistered crew.’

MICHAEL (CAPTAIN); AJAX (SECURITY); CYNTHIA (UNASSIGNED CREW); ETHAN (MECHANICAL ENGINEER); SARA (PILOT); IVAN (SYNTHETIC ORGANISM); DOG-TWO (WEAPONISED SYNTHETIC ORGANISM); ACACIUS TRIFON (UNASSIGNED CREW); UNREGISTERED LIFEFORM.

‘Computer, what is the unregistered lifeform?’

HUMAN, MALE

‘Locate the unregistered lifeform.’

CARGO BAY AREA, SPECIFIC LOCATION UNKNOWN

‘Someone is hiding on our ship,’ she said in a low voice.

Michael stood up and drew his plasma pistol. He stepped out of the control room. Sara drew her pistol and followed Michael to the living room where Ajax, who had clearly had too much to drink, was arguing with Ivan about whether androids could ever be considered equal to human beings. Dog-Two was sitting beside the table and watching the argument, and Acacius was sitting cross-legged in the corner of the room and appeared to be in a deep trance. He opened his eyes as Michael walked into the room.

Michael interrupted. ‘I think we have a problem.’

‘Damn right we have a problem,’ yelled Ajax, his face crimson red. ‘Ivan thinks machines should be given human rights throughout the galaxy. Not on my watch! I won’t ever think of a robot as my equal, not now, never!’

Dog-Two snarled. Ajax’s lips curled into a vicious sneer. ‘Don’t yap at me you sad excuse for a dog! There is nothing more special about you than a food synthesizer or a washing machine!’

Dog-Two bared his razor sharp teeth and growled.

‘Silence!’ yelled Michael. ‘We have a real problem. The computer has identified an infiltrator. There’s someone on the ship.’

Ajax froze. ‘How could someone come aboard without us knowing?’ he asked.

‘I don’t know how, but they are hiding in the cargo bay. The life support monitor is reading an extra person.’

‘Where’s Cynthia?’ asked Ajax.

‘She’s with Ethan in the engine room,’ said Sara.

‘Then what are we waiting for,’ said Ajax. He quickly put down his bottle and reached for his rifle, which was propped up beside him. Ivan drew his pistol, and Dog-Two began to growl.

Michael led the way through the central corridor. The others followed closely behind. They reached the cargo bay and stopped to scan the area before stepping in, but they couldn’t see anyone. Ajax brushed by and walked over to where the sleeping pods were lined up against the wall.

He turned around and shook his head. ‘Nothing, Cap. There’s no one here.’

Cynthia and Ethan entered the cargo bay from the engine room door at the back.

‘What’s going on?’ asked Ethan.

Acacius stepped into the cargo bay from the corridor. He stood still for a moment, closed his eyes, and concentrated. ‘I perceive there is a stranger here. He is listening to us.’ Acacius turned to face the opposite wall. There was an area where the wall cladding looked stained and a little corroded. ‘Show yourself.’

The wall seemed to shimmer, and a second later the optical illusion dissipated. A short, bedraggled and skinny man with unkempt grey hair appeared out of nowhere. His face was deeply lined and unshaven. He was wearing a long synthetic cloak.

‘Nano-cloak!’ yelled Ajax as he pointed his rifle at the infiltrator.

The man fell to his knees and cowered against the wall. ‘Please don’t kill me. I...I mean you no harm. Please!’ His frightened blue eyes stared up at the crew. Michael had seen nano-cloaks before, but he had never seen one of such high quality. Nano-cloaks were made of a material consisting of millions of small luminous nano-bots which could produce light to mimic the surroundings and hide the wearer from sight.

‘Who are you and what do you want?’ asked Michael as put his pistol away. The stranger was unarmed and didn’t appear to be carrying any weapons.

‘My name is Gopher.’

‘You sure weaselled your way in here!’ said Ajax, who was still pointing his rifle at the stranger.

‘I didn’t expect you to discover my hiding place. I was planning to leave at the next stop. I’m a citizen of Nod 33. I was stranded on the planet after everyone left. I was left alone. Do you understand what it’s like to be completely alone and waiting for an alien invasion? There was no chance of survival. When I saw you land I decided to take the opportunity to escape.’

‘That makes no sense,’ said Sara. ‘Nod 33 was a billionaire’s retreat. They wouldn’t be short of any transport ships, and they wouldn’t leave a citizen unless they wanted you to be left behind. You could have asked for our help before sneaking aboard.’

‘I was stranded, and I was certain you would turn me away if I requested your help. I had to take a chance. Please understand; I’m a desperate man.’

‘We should help him,’ said Cynthia. ‘We can at least take him to the next stop.’

‘He’s lying,’ said Acacius.

Ajax’s eyes narrowed. He stepped forward and snarled down at Gopher. ‘Do you take us for fools?’ he asked, pointing his rifle directly at the infiltrator.

‘No,’ replied Gopher in a trembling voice as he shrank back even further.

‘Gopher, you should tell us the truth if you want our help,’ said Michael calmly.

‘Why give him a chance to explain himself, Cap? He’s already lied to us. Let’s put him in an escape pod and launch him at an alien occupied world.’

‘Please, no!’ whined Gopher, the blood draining from his face.

‘Why not?’ asked Ajax, his face as hard as concrete.

‘Okay! Okay,’ stammered Gopher. ‘I’ll tell you the truth. I’ll tell you everything.’ Ajax reached down and grabbed Gopher by the scruff of the neck and lifted him off the ground. ‘I am a professional thief. My speciality is precious gemstones,’ he whispered, gasping for air. ‘I was working on a major job on Nod 33, but everything fell apart and I found myself behind bars. I spent a month in prison; that’s why I was left behind on the moon. They don’t make extra space for thieves on billionaire ships. The prison guards were kind enough to open my cell and give me back my belongings before the last ship took off. I was stranded.’

‘We should definitely eject him,’ said Ajax, nodding resolutely. ‘I’m sorry, Gopher. We don’t have extra space for thieves on our ship either.’ Ajax started to drag Gopher across the cargo bay to the escape pods, which were situated behind a removable panel on the opposite side of the room. Gopher struggled, but he was no match for Ajax’s brute strength.

‘Please, no, I told you the truth, please!’ pleaded Gopher.

‘Ajax, wait,’ said Michael.

‘He just admitted he’s a thief, Cap,’ said Ajax, raising an eyebrow.

‘That doesn’t mean he should die,’ said Cynthia.

Ajax lowered his eyes and nodded. ‘All right, I agree with you, but what are we going to do with him. We can’t keep him on board the Out Drifter. You can’t trust thieves; I know from experience.’

‘You have nothing to worry about; I only steal valuable gemstones, and I doubt you have any on your ship,’ said Gopher. ‘If you could be so kind to let me off at the next stop I will never bother you again. Please don’t send me to the aliens. You have no reason to send me to my death. I haven’t stolen anything from you.’

‘You tried to steal a ride,’ growled Ajax.

‘It’s not stealing,’ argued Gopher.

‘Yes it is,’ snapped Ajax. Gopher lowered his eyes.

Michael pondered the best course of action. He didn’t want to eject the man, even though he knew it was the regular way most crews dealt with uninvited guests, but at the same time he knew Ajax was right; thieves could not be trusted. In Michael’s opinion there was only one solution. ‘All right, we won’t eject you, but you have to stay in deep sleep for the whole trip. We’ll drop you off at our next destination.’

‘The whole trip?’ questioned Gopher.

‘You can choose either deep sleep or Ajax’s idea of launching you at an alien occupied world,’ said Michael.

‘Okay, fine. I’ll sleep for the entire trip. Do you mind if I ask where we are going?’

‘Bodach Delta,’ said Sara.

Gopher’s face became deathly pale and his eyes glazed over for a moment. ‘Bodach Delta! Why would you go there?’ he asked in a low and trembling voice.

‘Important business,’ said Michael. ‘Ajax, set up a sleeping pod for our guest, and lock his pod on the outside.’

‘Consider it done.’





 FOURTEEN





Michael awoke from deep sleep as the glass cover slid off his sleeping pod. Ivan was standing beside him. He felt the blood returning to his hands.

‘We are five hours from Bodach Delta,’ said Ivan.

‘How is the Out Drifter performing?’ he asked in a sleepy voice.

‘The ship is fully operational. Ethan has identified a minor leak in one of the oxygen tanks which he will be able to repair after we land. Every other system is functioning normally.’

Michael sat up and stepped out of his sleeping pod.

‘How are you, Ivan?’

‘I’m functioning normally, Captain.’

‘Have you fixed the broken jetpack yet?’

‘I cannot correctly identify the underlying cause of the malfunction. The jetpack should be operational.’

‘But it doesn’t work.’

‘Correct.’

‘Well. You gave it a good try,’ said Michael.

‘It is a puzzle. I believe it is just a matter of identifying the cause.’

Michael nodded in agreement. ‘Keep up the good work, Ivan.’

‘Yes, Captain.’

Michael walked down to the control room.

Sara glanced over her shoulder. ‘How did you sleep?’

‘You know what those sleeping pods are like.’

‘That’s why I try to avoid them as much as possible. You know there are advanced sleeping pods that don’t leave you feeling like a zombie when you wake up.’

‘Oh, you mean the upmarket sleeping pods that millionaires can afford,’ said Michael with a cheeky grin.

‘That’s right. I guess we can only dream of such luxuries,’ she said with a laugh.

‘Ivan said we are nearly at Bodach Delta.’

‘We are still a few hours out.’

‘Have you identified where the Tunnel Makers base is?’ he asked.

‘Ethan will help with our first contact. The Tunnel Makers own a small town, which was once a gold mining colony when the Epherian Empire governed the planet. Their base is situated inside the old mine beneath the mountain which is adjacent to the town. They live underground in tunnels, hence the name, Tunnel Makers. If we didn’t have Ethan on crew I would suggest staying away from Bodach Delta. The place is a criminal hotbed, a cesspool of depravity and violence. Ethan seems to think we will be safe; he believes he carries a certain level of respect among the Tunnel Makers, but I don’t think we should let our guard down. Let me show you a picture of the planet.’

A shimmering image of Bodach Delta appeared above the holographic panel. The planet was entirely covered in ice. It looked like a white globe floating in space.

‘The average temperature is far below freezing and gravity is 1.06. The planet has a dark side which never faces the star. The light side, which should have been called the twilight side, has about ten major towns which are operated by different groups, mostly criminal. The best thing about the planet is its atmosphere, which is prime grade, as it was developed by the Epherian Empire about fifteen hundred years ago. The Epherians left behind giant automated atmospheric generators which are powered by the planet’s molten core; they continue to regulate the atmosphere and are closely guarded by every invested party. Nothing grows on Bodach Delta, apart from some varieties of moss which are adapted to the extreme cold. The people live entirely on synthesized food. The towns and bases are also powered by thermal energy from the planet’s core.’

‘It doesn’t look like a nice place to be stranded.’

‘At least not without a good coat,’ she said with a smile.

‘Let’s just hope these Tunnel Makers have a way of helping us cross the Epherian frontier.’

**

Sara navigated the ship through the upper atmosphere of Bodach Delta. The Out Drifter glided through the thick clouds and into the darker regions below. Michael watched a mountain range appear on the horizon. The mountains were completely covered in ice and snow. Ethan was standing behind them and watching through the viewing panel.

‘See the line of mountains in the distance; those that look like jagged spines. The Tunnel Maker base is at the northern side of that range.’

‘I expect they have some security measures in place,’ said Sara.

‘They do; plasma cannons, lasers, heavy duty missile launchers and nuclear weapons if they need them. The base is also protected by an electronic and electromagnetic shield. Their watchmen will contact us when we pass their outlying sensors. Let me do the talking.’

Sara guided the ship along the edge of the mountain range. The external com lit up.

A heated voice could be heard through the com. ‘…Who are you and what do you want?...’

‘This is Ethan Faraway. I’m a Tunnel Maker requesting a landing dock.’

A few moments passed without anything being said. ‘…Ethan Faraway, you’re the mechanical engineer who went missing years ago…’

‘That’s right; I’m back.’

‘…Tyr will want to have a word with you…’

‘Why would Tyr want to talk with me?’ asked Ethan cautiously.

‘…He’s the new boss of the Tunnel Makers…’

‘What about Vlad?’

‘…Vlad died last year and Tyr won the vote to replace him…’

A shadow passed over Ethan’s face. ‘Do we have permission to land?’

‘…Dock thirteen. Follow the navigation signal…’

‘You got it.’

The external com light flickered off. Ethan lowered his eyes and appeared to be in a state of shock.

‘What’s the problem?’ asked Michael.

‘Tyr is not an easy man to deal with. I thought we would be dealing with Vlad. This could complicate things.’

‘Why?’ asked Sara.

‘I once worked on Tyr’s cargo ship. We never liked each other.’

‘Don’t worry. The worst thing that can happen is they will refuse to help us,’ said Michael.

‘Tyr is a madman. There are much worse things he can do than not helping us. He’s unpredictable. I’m not sure if it is safe to deal with him. Maybe we should change the plan.’

‘They won’t hurt us because we belong to the Outer World Salvage Guild,’ said Sara. ‘They won’t want our guild offside.’

‘I hope you are right,’ said Ethan.

**

The Out Drifter entered the deep valley where the old mining town was situated. The town consisted of a flattened area of concrete landing docks to the north and a group of old hardy residential buildings on the south side of the valley. There was a large armour plated door at the base of the mountain, and there were various plasma turrets and defence mechanisms surrounding the entrance to the base and many larger turret guns at various locations around the valley.

Sara guided the ship down to the dock thirteen, which was covered by a thin layer of ice. The Out Drifter gently landed on the concrete platform.

‘You will have to put on our weather coats. It’s freezing outside,’ said Sara.

‘Be ready to leave in a hurry,’ said Michael.

‘I’m always ready,’ she said confidently.

Michael stood up and walked to the cargo bay, where Ajax was gathering his weapons. Acacius was waiting beside the exit door and wearing a thermal regulator coat. Cynthia, Ethan and Ivan were standing with him.

‘We don’t want to scare them into a fight, Ajax. I think you should leave your rifle and grenades behind.’

‘No, Cap, I think I should take all my weapons, just in case,’ said Ajax.

‘The last thing we need is a gunfight with smugglers. Just take a pistol.’

‘If you insist,’ grumbled Ajax.

‘You should put a coat on, Cynthia,’ said Michael. ‘It’s cold outside and there is an icy wind blowing over the mountains. You won’t make it to their front door without a thermal coat.’

‘Yes, Emperor,’ she replied with a coy smile.

Michael returned the smile, but he didn’t say a word. They put on thermal weather coats, and Ethan opened the exit door. A blast of frozen air hit them. Ethan led the way out and across the docks. They followed him through the piercing cold and across the rocky ground to the base front door.

The double reinforced security door opened as they approached and revealed a large tunnel which cut directly into the mountainside. About twenty yards further was a second security door. Four smugglers with plasma rifles were standing ready and two heavily armed battle droids were positioned a little further back. The droids stood about ten feet in height and were armed with rocket launchers and plasma machineguns attached to their shoulders.

One of the guards was a large and muscular man with short jet black hair and fierce dark eyes. He grinned as they stepped in out of the cold. ‘Ethan! I can’t believe what I’m seeing. I was sure you were dead. Good to see you again!’ he said, holding out his huge hand for Ethan to shake.

‘Good to see you too, Carlson.’

Carlson scanned the rest of the crew. His eyes lingered on Ajax, who was taller and musclier. A hint of jealously flashed across his face.

‘Who are your friends, Ethan?’

‘This is Captain Michael Cornelius of the Out Drifter and his crew. They’re a salvage crew and belong to the Outer World Salvage Guild.’

‘Salvors, why did you bring them here?’

‘Business of course,’ said Ethan. ‘They want to be smuggled across the Epherian frontier. Do the Tunnel Makers still smuggle people into the empire?’

‘We do, but the price is very high. I hope you can afford the trip.’

‘How much does it cost?’ asked Michael.

‘That’s up to Tyr,’ answered Carlson. ‘He makes all the big financial decisions these days. Ethan, you can take two of your friends into the base; the others can wait on board their ship, and no one is permitted to take weapons inside. Leave your guns here and collect them as you leave.’

‘I guess it’s me and you, Captain. Who else should we take?’ asked Ethan.

‘Ivan, you’re coming with us,’ said Michael. ‘Everyone else can go back to the ship. It shouldn’t take long to complete the negotiations.’

Carlson collected their pistols and the others returned to the Out Drifter. The second door slid open and revealed a dimly lit tunnel which cut deeper into the mountainside. Carlson and another smuggler led them onward.

They arrived at the far side where a third reinforced security door blocked their way. The door opened and a large domed area was revealed. At the far side of the area was an elevated podium with what looked like a throne made entirely of gold. Seated on the throne was a man clothed in black silk with a very lined face and a shiny bald head. He had a somewhat mischievous grin affixed to his lips. There were dozens of smugglers in the domed area, which seemed to be the central hub of the base. They all looked up as the newcomers entered the room.

Carlson led them over to the podium, and some of the men acknowledged Ethan as they walked by.

‘Ethan, the ugly duckling has returned,’ said the man on the throne with a half-smile and half sneer.

‘Hello again, Tyr,’ said Ethan coolly.

‘Take off your glasses so I can see your eyes.’

‘I can’t see anything without my glasses.’

‘Oh, you lost your sight, what a pity,’ said Tyr coldly. ‘You know I’m the leader now, Ethan, and if you still think of yourself as a Tunnel Maker you should address me as the boss. As far as I know you haven’t resigned yet.’

‘Let me say now: I resign from the Tunnel Makers,’ said Ethan loudly so everyone in the dome could hear.

‘I always thought you were too weak to be a Tunnel Maker!’ growled Tyr. ‘I’m sure this isn’t a courtesy visit. What do you want?’

‘We are here to do business.’

The corners of Tyr’s lips turned upward. ‘Tell me; what business?’ he asked, leaning forward in anticipation.

‘We want our ship smuggled into the Epherian Empire.’

Tyr threw himself back and laughed menacingly. His laughing continued for at least half a minute.

‘We can smuggle you across the frontier, but it will cost you eight million credits.’

‘What? That’s ridiculous!’ said Ethan, raising his voice.

‘That’s the discounted price because you were a Tunnel Maker. Either you pay or you leave, and if you choose to go don’t ever come back.’

‘We can’t afford your price,’ said Michael.

‘Then we can’t do business. You can go now; get out of my sight,’ said Tyr, waving dismissively.

‘Is there another way?’ asked Michael.

‘I hate salvors; your kind never gives up,’ scoffed Tyr, snarling down at Michael with piercing eyes.

‘Not giving up is a good quality,’ said Michael.

Tyr sneered and gritted his teeth. ‘Yes, it can be a good quality, but not when you are committing your energy to foolish endeavours.’ He scrutinized Michael for a long moment, and his eyes suddenly lit up as if he was struck by a bright idea. ‘There is only one other way you can pay for the service.’

‘Tell us.’

‘We have had a request to smuggle some EPHX lenses to Moros Gamma.’

‘Moros Gamma,’ repeated Ethan. ‘But Moros Gamma is deep inside alien controlled space.’

‘Exactly. The Morosians have requested the delivery of fourteen EPHX cannon lenses. They’ve held back an alien siege for years because they have mounted EPHX cannons on satellites protecting their planet. The cannon lenses have a limited lifespan, and they need to be replaced very soon. Moros Gamma is cut off; no trade gets in or out. All the other systems in that region have fallen to the aliens. Moros Gamma will also fall if the lenses don’t arrive in time. They have agreed to pay us one billion credits if we can deliver the lenses, but unfortunately the Tunnel Maker pilots don’t want to take the job. Naturally, no one wants to fly so deep into alien controlled space. All you have to do is make the delivery and bring a GCTD with the one billion credits back to us. Then we will repay you by smuggling you into the Epherian Empire. It’s really simple.’

‘You know there is no way we would be able to make it as far as the Moros Gamma,’ said Ethan. ‘It’s utter madness.’

‘I disagree,’ said Michael. ‘We will take the job.’

Ethan winced and shook his head. ‘Captain, taking this job is crazy.’

‘There is no other way,’ said Michael. ‘We need to cross the Epherian frontier.’

‘But we won’t be crossing the Epherian frontier if we take this job, never! The aliens will kill us.’

‘The statistical probability of succeeding is exceptionally low,’ said Ivan.

‘I think we can make it,’ said Michael. ‘We need to know that the Tunnel Makers will keep their side of the deal.’

Tyr clapped and laughed. ‘You are working for a bold captain, Ethan. I like him.’ His mouth twisted into a grin. ‘If you can bring me a GCTD with a billion credits I will smuggle the whole salvage guild into the Epherian Empire for you.’

‘You have a deal.’

‘Good. I will have my men load the cargo onto your ship.’





 FIFTEEN





‘What!’ yelled Sara. ‘Have you lost your mind?’ she screamed as she stormed into the cargo bay.

Men from the Tunnel Makers were loading large steel boxes containing the lenses into the cargo bay.

‘What’s going on?’ asked Ajax, looking from Michael to Sara.

‘Don’t worry, Sara; we will be fine. Trust me.’

‘Trust! Captain, this job, if you can call it a job, is like trying to walk through a den full of starving lions; we will be eaten alive. I don’t think we can even make it to Moros Gamma. Alien controlled space is self-explanatory: it means the space is controlled by aliens!’

‘Don’t be so pessimistic,’ said Michael with a confident smile. ‘We have a good ship, plenty of fuel, and Ivan thinks it’s statistically possible.’

‘It’s not pessimism, Captain, and it may be statistically possible, but the chances of success are slim…very slim.’

‘I actually said the statistical probability of succeeding is exceptionally low,’ said Ivan in dry monotone.

‘Which means it’s actually statistically possible,’ argued Michael. ‘What do you think, Acacius?’

‘The path we walk is a result of cause and effect on a cosmic scale,’ answered Acacius. ‘If this is our only option then we must go to Moros Gamma. You were right to do what you did. We must find a way to Epheria Prime and we must save the Magnifier. The path has been presented to us. We will walk the path.’

‘But you’re not the one who has to fly the ship,’ said Sara.

‘As I have previously said; no one has to come on this mission,’ said Michael. ‘Anyone who wants to leave is welcome to leave. I’ll fly the ship myself if I have to. Everyone is here by choice.’

Sara averted her eyes and shook her head. ‘I’m not leaving, Captain, but I will definitely say when I think you are making a mistake.’

**

The Out Drifter lifted off and rapidly ascended toward the sky. They passed through the thick dark clouds in the upper atmosphere and within minutes they were back in space. Michael was sitting in the co-pilot seat beside Sara. He watched the bright stars in the distance.

‘No matter what I do I can never escape the aliens,’ she said. ‘You know there are no aliens inside the Epherian Empire. I was hoping we would cross the border and leave the war behind, and now we are about to set a course for the most dangerous alien infested place in the galaxy.’

Michael nodded. ‘You should know, Sara, the End Machine rules the Epherian Empire, and the End Machine synthesized the alien race. The machine controls the aliens and the minds of the government ministers on Epheria Prime. The real enemy is the End Machine. When we destroy the machine we will destroy the aliens.’

‘What about the Epherian Emperor?’ asked Sara. ‘Nearly everyone in the Outer Worlds blames the Emperor. He sold us out to the aliens when he agreed to the Epherian Pact. Does the End Machine control the mind of the Epherian Emperor?’

‘No,’ said Michael. A few silent moments passed. ‘Have you ever seen an image of the Epherian Emperor?’ he asked.

‘Never.’

Michael looked over his shoulder and saw Cynthia standing at the door.

‘I know what the Epherian Emperor looks like,’ she said boldly.

‘That’s impossible,’ said Sara. ‘He never shows his face.’ She continued to adjust the reactor power levels on the console. ‘There hasn’t been a circulated image of him since he was little more than a boy.’

‘You might find you know much more about the Emperor than you think you do,’ said Cynthia as she turned to leave and walked back toward the cargo bay.

‘What did she mean by that?’ asked Sara, glancing curiously across at Michael.

‘I’m not entirely sure,’ he replied.

‘I think you know more than you are prepared to say,’ she said, her eyes narrowing. ‘What has the Epherian Emperor got to do with our mission to save the Magnifier? Tell me; where does the Emperor fit in?’

‘The reason the Emperor doesn’t show his face in public is because he was sent into exile when the End Machine attacked Epheria Prime.’

‘Obviously you are planning to rescue him from exile.’

Michael smiled warmly. ‘No, it’s not necessary because he is actually planning to save the Magnifier from Epheria Prime. He has a good crew and a solid ship. He just has to complete one last mission to Moros Gamma. I think he’s in with a good chance.’ He glanced at Sara to see her reaction. Her face became stony and pale. The Out Drifter suddenly veered to the left. Michael nearly fell out of his seat as the ship spiralled out of control. Sara took a few moments to regain focus and retake control of the ship.

‘What!’ she yelled, her unblinking eyes staring intensely at him. ‘It’s you, Captain. You must be joking!’

‘I’m not joking,’ he said calmly.

‘Why haven’t you ever mentioned this?’

‘There was never a need to say a word about my past, and it was dangerous to tell anyone. I have been in hiding for many years. I kept my origins secret from everyone so I could remain hidden. You have to understand that the End Machine has been searching for me since I was very young. It is only necessary to tell you now because you have agreed to help save the galaxy. I have to return to the Epheria Prime. The minds of my people have been enslaved by the End Machine. Once we destroy the End Machine I will take control of the Epherian fleet and banish the aliens from the Triangulum Galaxy forever.’

Sara leaned back in her seat. She lifted her eyes and stared at the ceiling. ‘I can’t believe I work for the Epherian Emperor. I hate the Epherian Emperor; everyone in the Outer Worlds hates him.’

‘That’s even more reason to keep my identity secret, and to be clear, they don’t hate me; they hate the fact that the Epherian Empire hasn’t helped fight the aliens.’

‘I think this will change the way I see you.’

‘I’m exactly the same man you know.’

Sara raised an eyebrow and smiled.

**

Ajax groaned as he looked down at the sleeping pod containing Gopher. ‘We forgot to drop the thief off on Bodach Delta,’ he grumbled. ‘What the hell are we going to do with him now?’

Michael walked over. ‘We’ll have to let him out of the sleeping pod.’

‘It’s not a good idea, Cap. I think we should just leave him in there and let him off on Moros Gamma.’

‘Leaving him in the middle of the war wouldn’t be very nice. He won’t like that.’

‘Who cares what he likes,’ said Ajax gruffly. ‘We didn’t ask him to come aboard in the first place. Everyone knows you’re asking for trouble if you sneak aboard a ship. He admitted he’s a thief. Thieves are bad news, Cap.’

‘You know from experience?’

Ajax lowered his eyes. ‘I left those days behind a long time ago, but yeah, I know from experience.’

Acacius stepped into the room. He approached them and glanced down at Gopher. ‘I believe this thief has a purpose.’

‘A purpose?’ questioned Ajax flatly. ‘I think his purpose is to be thrown off the ship. We can still get rid of him. We don’t have to aim the pod at an alien world; we could send him to a neutral world.’

‘As I said, he has a purpose,’ said Acacius sternly. ‘He should remain with us.’

‘What if you’re wrong?’ asked Ajax. Acacius stared at Ajax and didn’t answer.

‘Open the pod and let him out, Ajax,’ said Michael.





 SIXTEEN





Acacius and Michael were sitting at the table in the living room.

‘The End Machine’s power is far beyond what the ancients expected. The shadow is darker than the darkest night. Your powers may not be enough to defeat the machine, even if we find the Magnifier.’

‘Is there hope?’ asked Michael.

‘To understand the answer to your question we must again discuss the structure of the cosmos. You have already learned a lot, and you know how to travel between spacial dimensions and how to convert matter into energy, but you do not yet understanding of the subtleties of the universe.’

‘I’m happy to learn.’

‘Indeed you are. I will tell you how the universe is structured. From a single cause arose a single point, which was the first of all things to appear in the spacial universe. The universe we experience is the result of a geometric cascade from that single point. As you know; it is obvious that a single point has little meaning by itself; it exists in relation to nothing; it is not larger or smaller, further or closer, brighter or darker than anything else. Therefore the laws underlying the cosmos gave rise to a second point, which led to the arrival of one-dimensional space, which is a line between two distinct points.’

‘The distance between the two points is unknown unless there is a third point. The third point gives perspective to the first and second, thus two-dimensional space arrived in the archaic universe in the shape of what we would recognise as a triangle without depth. Obviously, three-dimensional space requires a fourth point. Initially three-dimensional space took the shape of a tetrahedron, a three-dimensional triangle, by virtue of the fact that four points are the minimum value for three-dimensional space to exist.’

Acacius paused to take a breath before continuing. ‘Three-dimensional space is not either a cube or cylindrical as some of our ancient ancestors wrongly believed. The universe does not add points, sides and edges unless such points, sides and edges are an absolute necessity resulting from the underlying laws. As I have stated, the laws underlying the universe compel three-dimensional space to arise from the previous two-dimensional and one-dimensional realities. This leads to an obvious conclusion: there are three additional tetrahedron spacial dimensions available beyond the primal tetrahedron universe. The reason is because the three unused two-dimensional sides of the original three-dimensional tetrahedron are subject to the same underlying laws which earlier caused three-dimensional space to arise from the previous two-dimensional reality. The three unused two-dimensional sides are compelled to form their own tetrahedron spacial dimensions. The result is four spacial dimensions which oscillate side by side. Because the four tetrahedron dimensions share two-dimensional sides the presence of an object in one dimension causes a gravitational effect on objects in the other three spacial dimensions; this is because every object in the universe exists in one, two and three-dimensional space simultaneously. The End Machine was built to exist across the four spacial dimensions. It has power unlike any other machine.’ Acacius sat back in his seat.

‘I understand the End Machine can move between the four dimensions,’ said Michael. ‘I also understand that it has power over gravity, electromagnetic forces, energy and matter. How can I possibly face the machine by only being able to control photonic molecules and move between the dimensions? The End Machine actually exists in all four dimensions at once. I only exist in a single dimension.’

‘What you say is true. Human beings have an awareness of the other three spacial dimensions, and a part of us exists in those dimensions, like a reflection of ourselves. This is how we have the potential to move between the dimensions. In ancient times it was discovered that our cells have a certain awareness of what is occurring in the additional spacial dimensions. Nonetheless, the machine was constructed across the four spacial dimensions. It can conceal its central mechanism in any spacial dimension it chooses. The original hope was that the Lore of the Ancients would allow us to jump between dimensions to locate the central mechanism and provide us with an opportunity to destroy or deactivate the machine. The End Machine destroyed humanity in our former galaxy because our ancestors could not shut down the central mechanism after the machine turned against us. The machine hid its central mechanism beyond reach and used its awesome power to destroy anyone who attempted to shut it down.’

‘Surely even getting close to the central mechanism will be difficult,’ said Michael.

‘Difficult is an understatement,’ said Acacius. ‘I have been pondering these challenges for many years. When I encountered the End Machine on Epheria Prime I was shocked by how much space the machine was occupying in the additional three spacial dimensions. The End Machine is larger than we could have ever imagined. It has increased its power over thousands of years. The Magnifier will increase your power and help you fight the machine; however, I doubt your skills will be enough to destroy the central mechanism even if you do get close to it.’

‘What can we do?’ asked Michael.

‘There could possibly be another way. The Lore of the Ancients speaks of a mysterious place beyond the four spacial dimensions. Little was known about the place beyond, but the men and women who wrote the Lore of the Ancients are said to have encountered the boundary at the edge of space and time whilst they were exploring the spacial dimensions. They hoped to go beyond the boundaries of the spacial universe to find a way to defeat the End Machine, but they did not have time to investigate the possibility before the End Machine destroyed them, ending their quest for knowledge. We have the Lore of the Ancients because their documented knowledge was handed to the pilots of the Cradle Ship which brought humanity to the Triangulum Galaxy. We have to do our best with what they left us. The Lore of the Ancients is our only chance.’

**

Ajax was sitting with Cynthia and Gopher in the living room. He was watching Gopher with a fierce look in his dark eyes. Gopher was trying to avoid eye contact.

‘Yes, it is true, my dear; professional thieves do have a secret guild,’ said Gopher. ‘The guild provides us with a platform for locating jobs and contracts. Sometimes jobs are too large for a single thief and the guild connects us with other professionals.’

‘You’re a pack of scoundrels if you ask me; rotten to the core,’ growled Ajax.

Gopher averted his eyes and wouldn’t meet Ajax’s aggressive stare. ‘I agree, Ajax; often thieves are unsavoury people. In many ways I regret entering the industry in the first place,’ he said in a trembling voice.

‘That’s ridiculous,’ stated Cynthia. ‘Why don’t you just leave the industry if you feel that way?’

Gopher scratched his chin and gave the question some thought before answering. ‘Well, I guess the chief reason is that I am just not very good at anything else,’ he said in a matter-of-fact way.

Ajax rolled his eyes and banged the table with his open hand. ‘That’s a load of space rot! There are plenty of jobs you could do. You’re only a thief for the money. Greed, nothing but greed! I know what you’re about, Gopher. You can’t fool me.’

Gopher’s eyes widened as he melted back into his chair. ‘You seem to know a lot about thieves. I would guess from experience,’ he said in a very low voice.

Ajax kicked his chair back and stood up. ‘That’s it! I’ve had enough of you already!’ He clenched his fists and started to move around the table. Gopher leapt up and attempted to keep Ajax on the opposite side of the table.

‘I’m going to break your face!’ growled Ajax.

‘Ajax, stop it!’ yelled Cynthia. For a moment Ajax was conflicted. His face was red and his eyes were bulging, but he found he couldn’t go against Cynthia’s command. He took a deep breath and lowered his fists. ‘Leave him alone. You’re ten times his size and beating him won’t solve anything,’ she said firmly.

Ajax gave a curt nod and conceded the point. ‘Watch what you say around me, Gopher. I’ll let you off this time, but only because Cynthia asked me to.’ Ajax turned and walked out of the room.

**

Michael sat in the co-pilot’s seat beside Sara.

‘We are entering the danger zone,’ she said as she checked some of the navigation control configuration settings. ‘You should get some sleep. I’ll wake you up when we arrive.’

‘What about you, Sara?’

Sara shook her head. ‘Not me, Captain. I’m not going under. I wasn’t joking when I said how dangerous alien controlled space is. It’s not like travelling through the war zone. The aliens completely occupy this whole region. They control every habitable world. If we get into trouble there will be nowhere to turn. We are probably the only human ship out here, so that means we will stand out like a firework. I will attempt to carve a path and avoid the known occupied systems. I’ll try to stay out in deep space as much as I can. If we are detected then you can kiss goodbye any hope of reaching Moros Gamma.’

‘Make sure you wake me at the first sign of trouble.’

‘I’ve set the sleep pods to autowake via the main computer. You will be awake within seconds if we detect an alien ship.’

‘Well done.’

She peered through the viewing panel into the darkness of space, and for a moment she seemed like she was drifting off into a trance. Michael studied her face, and he could see she looked very tired. The strain of the last few weeks had taken its toll on her.

‘Are you all right, Sara?’

She turned to look at him. ‘No other captain in the galaxy would do this. You know it’s completely crazy. You can still change your mind.’

‘It’s not as crazy as you think, and I’ll explain why. The answer is exactly in the words you just used: no other captain in the galaxy would do this. Therefore the aliens won’t expect it. You’re worried about them finding us, but I think they won’t be looking. What ship would willingly travel through alien occupied space? The answer is that no ship would be willing. Why would the aliens commit resources to scanning empty space? They wouldn’t.’

She didn’t say anything for at least twenty seconds. Michael stared into her blue eyes and was waiting for a response. She leaned back in her chair. ‘Captain, you should get some sleep; you will need it,’ she said coolly.

‘Most of the time you’re right, Sara, but just maybe I’m right this time,’ he said as he stood up.

‘Time will tell, Captain.’

‘Goodnight, Sara.’

‘Sleep well, Captain.’

**

Michael woke as the glass cover of his sleeping pod slid away. He opened his eyes. Sara was standing beside his pod.

‘You were right; they didn’t detect us. I kept to deep space and avoided the known space routes. We haven’t sighted a single alien ship. We are four hours out of Moros Gamma,’ she said, a sense of relief evident in her voice.

Michael sat up and felt the blood returning to his extremities. His fingers and the palms of his hands felt numb from the extended length of time spent sleeping. ‘That’s good news. I’m glad to hear I’m not completely ignorant,’ he said drowsily.

‘The only thing we have to consider now is the siege. There will probably be a substantial fleet of alien ships surrounding the planet. We might be able to blast our way past, especially as they won’t expect anyone to be coming from the opposite direction, but getting away from the planet, that is another question. The Morosians will have to deactivate the EPHX cannons for us to pass through their defences.’

‘Can you open a secure line of communication?’

‘I’ll wait until we get closer. There is a high probability the aliens will intercept any signal we try to send. The less time they have to prepare for our arrival the better our chances of survival.’

Michael stepped out of his sleeping pod and walked with Sara back to the control room. Ivan was sitting in the co-pilot’s seat and looked up as they entered the confined room.

‘Good morning, Captain,’ said Ivan, his voice sounded even more robotic than usual and completely lacked any tone.

‘Good morning, Ivan,’ replied Michael. ‘What happened to your voice?’

‘The fault in my damaged internal vocal chip is degrading. There is a high probability the chip will fail, and in such a case I will be left without a voice.’

‘I will have to do something about that when we get back to human controlled space,’ said Michael.

‘I would appreciate that, Captain.’

Michael felt guilty about not getting the repair done when he had Ivan repaired back at X5126. ‘I’m sorry, Ivan. I should have had your voice repaired a long time ago.’

‘It is quite all right, Captain.’

‘I’ll make it a priority.’

Sara took the pilot’s seat and flicked the switch on the holographic projector panel. A transparent and glowing image of Moros Gamma appeared before them. The most obvious feature was the number of mountain ranges.

‘When the Epherians first discovered the planet it was uninhabitable,’ said Sara. ‘A group of ancient colonists set about terraforming about two and a half thousand years ago. It’s still not considered a prime world, but it does have an oxygen rich atmosphere and the gravity is rated at 1.13. Before the aliens attacked the valleys were teaming with flora and fauna. The aliens destroyed almost everything on the surface in the initial attack. They dropped heavy conventional bombs on the human cities. Every city on the surface was completely flattened.’

‘How did Morosians survive the invasion?’ asked Michael.

‘They managed to push back the first wave, even though their fleet was vastly outnumbered. They sacrificed a lot to hold back the aliens. From what I can gather the aliens underestimated the Morosian response and didn’t send enough ships to complete their first assault. By the time the second alien fleet arrived the Morosians had constructed the EPHX cannons from secret blueprints based on the Epherian frontier defences. The EPHX cannons are extremely advanced and evasive satellites which automatically fire at any ship or conventional projectile approaching the planet, and it seems the aliens don’t have an answer to this method of defence, yet. The only option the aliens had was to attack the surface from a distance with long range lasers, but the Morosians moved their entire population underground, so the laser attacks cause little damage.’

‘So the aliens set up a siege to stop the population escaping,’ said Michael.

‘Yes, and they must have known the EPHX cannon lenses would eventually decay. I expect they’re waiting for the lenses to fail, and when that day comes the Morosians won’t stand a chance against the resulting invasion, and they are too far away to flee to another system. The result would be complete obliteration of their civilization.’

**

The entire crew had come out of deep sleep. They were approaching the planet. Ethan was in the engine room manually checking all the systems. Acacius, Cynthia, Ivan, Ajax and Gopher were in the living room.

Michael and Sara were in the control room. Sara was configuring an encrypted signal, which she hoped would pass the alien fleet without being detected and would enable her to open a secure line of communication.

‘I will try to open up a hidden communication channel. Let’s hope this works.’ She hit the external com switch. ‘Moros Gamma, this is the Out Drifter. Interworld code AMB712. We are approaching with precious cargo you requested from the Tunnel Makers. Please respond.’ She flicked the switch back. ‘We have to wait, Captain. There is a delay because the signal channel is sent out in six parts and refracted off detectable gravitational fields. Hopefully the signal will only fully reconfigure at the destination.’

A few minutes went by with nothing but silence from the external com.

The com started hissing. ‘…Out Drifter, this is General Khar of the Moros Gamma. We’re glad to hear the good news…’

‘Hello, General Khar. We need a way to pass the alien fleet,’ said Sara.

‘…It’s going to be difficult, Out Drifter. We are reluctant to shut down our EPHX cannons…The aliens have been bombarding the cannons with missiles for weeks. They know the cannons lenses are deteriorating…’

‘You have to shut them down for us; otherwise we can’t get to the surface and make the delivery you need.’

‘…We understand, but the only option we have is to use what remains of our fighter fleet to attack the aliens as we open a way for your ship to approach. If we don’t provide a distraction the aliens will follow you down to the surface and wipe us out. We need about two hours to prepare our fleet for battle…’

‘We are less than an hour away at interstellar speed,’ said Sara. ‘We’ll wait for your signal to approach. We are running a gauntlet here, General; there is a chance we won’t make it. I plan to come out of interstellar speed just short of the atmosphere; then I will make the dash for the surface. How many ships are in the alien blockade?’

‘…The aliens have approximately eight hundred fighters, twenty four smaller cruisers and two main battleships…’

Sara drew a deep breath and put the palm of her hand to her forehead. She closed her eyes and waited a few moments before speaking again. ‘How many ships do you have?’

‘…We have thirty-four fighters, and we have adapted fifteen standard transport cruisers into battle worthy ships…’

She shook her head and her eyes filled with apprehension. ‘General, do you really think you can create a distraction with so few ships?’

‘…It’s our only chance…’ he answered.

Sara didn’t say a word for a few seconds. She simply stared at the console without blinking. Michael knew her mind was racing through all the possibilities. ‘We’ll wait for your signal to approach and provide you with our approximate arrival time through this secure channel.’

She switched the external com to standby and lowered her head. A moment later she laughed.

‘What’s so funny?’ he asked.

‘If I wasn’t laughing I would be crying. I’m going to buy myself a present if I manage to get through this alien blockade.’

‘I know you can do this, Sara.’

‘That makes one of us,’ she said, laughing again. ‘Captain, this is complete madness. I expected a blockade of about one hundred alien fighters, not eight hundred. I hoped to find a gap and run for it, but eight hundred alien fighters! There won’t be any gaps in the blockade. We will have to fight the aliens no matter what I do, and that’s just getting to the surface. Getting away from Moros Gamma will be nearly impossible.’

‘Sara, we have come this far. We can make it.’

‘Captain, why are you always so confident? You never worry about anything.’

‘Fearing the future doesn’t make the future any better. I believe we can do anything if it’s in the realm of possibility, and getting to Moros Gamma is in the realm of possibility.’

She leaned back in her seat. ‘My people believed they could hold back the alien invasion of Gazar Prime, but their belief didn’t stop the aliens destroying my home world; no amount of confidence could halt the destruction. I understand about being positive, but some things are just impossible. It’s a matter of being realistic. A realistic person would never attempt to break through this blockade.’

‘What about hope?’

‘Hope is a dangerous word in my life.’

Michael looked out into the distance. He knew one of Sara’s gifts was that she was so pragmatic and methodical about life. This way of thinking had driven her to be extremely efficient, and she was certainly one of the best pilots he had even met. She believed completely in cause and effect, and nothing would sway her belief. She had lost hope in the idea of hope itself when her home world had been obliterated. She simply couldn’t dare to hope again as she had faced the desolation of life after all hope was lost.

‘Sara, trust me; I know we can do this,’ he said confidently.

‘Can I really trust the Epherian Emperor?’ she asked with a dash of sarcasm, raising an eyebrow.

‘That’s up to you.’

‘Will you use your magic if we get into trouble? If you say yes I just might hope a little.’

‘It’s not magic; it’s science.’

‘I’m sorry, Captain, but what you do is not scientifically possible.’

‘It’s only seems like magic because you don’t understand it. You have to understand that the End Machine would know our exact location if I used my powers.’

‘The End Machine or eight hundred aliens fighters. Which would you prefer to fight?’ she asked.

‘Neither, but certainly not both at the same time.’





 SEVENTEEN





Michael watched the navigation console as the Out Drifter drew closer to Moros Gamma. He expected to drop out of interstellar speed at any moment.

‘The aliens know we’re here,’ said Sara as she reached up and drew down the combat visor. ‘Are you ready, Captain?’

He nodded as she switched to normal speed. The ship drastically slowed and Moros Gamma appeared in their viewing panel. The planet was relatively close to a small red dwarf star.

Sara instantly veered to the right and downward and then turned the ship back toward the planet, increasing the engines to full power.

Michael couldn’t see the blockade. ‘Where are they?’

‘Above us,’ she yelled.

A moment later a cascade of bright laser beams lit up the darkness of space; it looked like it was raining lasers. An explosion rang out and the Out Drifter rattled. The electronic shield instantly dropped to fifty-five percent.

‘We have three hundred fighters on our tail,’ she yelled as she brought the Out Drifter into a spiralling evasive maneuver. The space surrounding them was lighting up with plasma blasts and rockets were whizzing by. Sara fired every weapon she could. The Out Drifter had over eighty rockets remaining, and she unleashed every last one in an attempt to hold back the alien pursuit.

‘Here is the rescue party!’ she said.

Dozens of ships were approaching from the planet. A heavy blast rang out, and the Out Drifter shook again. The entire control console switched off and went completely dark; a moment later the console flickered on again and powered up. Michael breathed a short lived sigh of relief. The life support emergency light started flashing.

‘Captain! We have a hull breach! We’re losing oxygen!’

‘How long?’

‘Not long! There’s a small hole in the ceiling of the cargo bay. I’m closing off the cargo bay doors and isolating the area.’

‘Is everyone out of there?’

‘They’re in the living room, but Ethan is in the engine room.’

She hit the internal com switch. ‘Ethan, I have to seal you in! We have a hull breach.’

‘…Do what you need to do…’ replied Ethan.

Seconds later the Morosian fleet rocketed by and engaged the alien fighters in close combat. The Morosian squadron was an assortment of rundown rust buckets. The battle erupted behind them. Sara’s entire focus was on getting to the surface of the planet. The shield was at three percent, and the hull breach was destabilising the ship. She was straining to keep control. They entered the planet’s upper atmosphere and the ship started to shake.

A group of alien fighters broke away from the main battle to follow them.

‘Captain, divert what’s left of the electronic shield to the upper side of the ship.’

Michael couldn’t see her reasoning. ‘Shouldn’t we protect the back?’

‘Not unless you want to be cooked by the friction as we pass through the atmosphere. We need to protect area where the heat shield has been breached.’

‘Will three percent be enough?’ he asked as he diverted the remaining power of the shield to the top of the ship.

Sara ignored the question; she went into a trancelike focus as she guided the ship through the atmosphere. She kept a blistering pace, as fast as she possibly could with a crippled ship. A group of alien fighters were gaining on them and had entered the atmosphere.

Michael watched the shield system indicator; one percent remaining. He looked out through the viewing panel and could see the mountain ranges below. They flew through some scattered clouds descended on a downward gradient toward the surface.

Sara reached forward and hit the external com switch. ‘General Khar, this is the Out Drifter. We have entered the atmosphere with fourteen alien fighters in pursuit. We need a navigation signal to follow to your docks. Do you have any ground based defences? Our ship is damaged. We can’t hold off these fighters. They’ll be on us in less than a minute.’

‘…We’re sending a squadron of combat air-vehicles to assist,’ said General Khar. ‘Our land based cannons will make light work of them if they keep following you. The navigation signal is on. Keep a steady line of approach…’

Sara glanced at Michael. ‘We are lucky this time,’ she said.

A moment later a squadron of about fifty air-vehicles appeared in the distance. Sara followed the signal and seconds later the squadron flew past and attacked the alien fighters behind them. The alien formation split as the battle erupted. They continued to descend and followed the navigation signal which led them into a deep canyon between two rows of towering mountains. They then followed the base of the canyon and arrived at an immense cliff face which made up the side of a mountain. A huge spaceport was carved directly into the mountainside. The entire area was crowded with battlements and heavy turret guns of every variety.

Sara slowed the ship down and entered through the great opening which led into a gigantic cavern. There were a series of landing platforms; most of them were empty. A group of people were waiting for them at one of the last platforms. Sara gently landed and shut down the reactor. She closed her eyes and took a deep breath.

**

Gartax sat in his raised command seat in the dark and dingy central chamber of his fleet battleship. A subtle red glow lit the entire area, and the chamber was kept moist by dripping condensers in the ceiling. Gartax had always felt at home in dank environments.

He sneered down at his five advisors; they trembled in fear as they looked up at him. Gartax hated everyone and everything in existence, even his own race. His mind fed on the feeling of hate. Hate drove him onward, and it was hate that gave him his power. He craved power alone, because in his corrupt mind he could only see two real possibilities for any living creature: power or vulnerability, and he despised vulnerability with his entire being. He was the master of the entire fleet, and it was precisely through his commitment to hate and the accumulation of power that he had climbed through the ranks to his position.

He clearly remembered the defining moment when he had killed the former Fleet Master with his bare hands. The overwhelming feeling of power he felt in that moment had stayed with him ever since.

‘Why haven’t we found the exiles?’ he asked bitterly in the harsh alien language.

‘Our scout ships have searched constantly,’ answered Akemak, who was one of his longest surviving advisors. Akemak had been an advisor for five months, which was far longer than any other advisor had previously survived in the same position.

‘Not good enough!’ growled Gartax.

Akemak took a step back and lowered his eyes. He dared not say another word or disagree with the Fleet Master. From the far side of the command chamber appeared an alien with large dark eyes that were tinged with purple. His skin was a pale shade of grey which reminded Gartax of himself; there was a striking resemblance. He felt a little less hate for this newcomer for this reason alone. The alien’s name was Fraxon, an ambitious youngster who had climbed quickly through the fleet ranks. Fraxon crossed the floor and stood before Gartax.

‘I have personally located the exiles,’ he said proudly, bowing his head low.

Gartax felt a rush of excitement rise through his body. ‘Speak!’ he howled.

‘The exile ship was seen by our fleet guarding Moros Gamma.’

‘Moros Gamma!’ repeated Gartax with a doubtful sneer. ‘If you are mistaken I will have you cast into the vacuum of space.’

‘I have verified the unique design and specifications of the ship myself. I am completely sure the exiles landed on Moros Gamma. I would not bring you this information unless I was sure. I expect you to kill me if I am wrong, but I am not wrong.’

‘Why would they go to Moros Gamma?’

‘I do not know,’ answered Fraxon.

Gartax turned to his advisors. ‘Capture them! Divert every available ship to the blockade at Moros Gamma. Take these exiles alive and bring them to me in chains.’ Gartax could hardly contain his excitement. ‘You have done well, Fraxon. You may have Akemak’s position as Fleet Advisor. Akemak, I condemn you to live out the rest of your life alone on an uninhabited mud world. There you will find plenty of opportunity to pursue your ambitions among the worms.’

Akemak collapsed to his knees. ‘Fleet Master, please; I have served you well.’

‘Not well enough. Take him away!’ growled Gartax, sneering and baring his sharp teeth. Three guards appeared from openings in the side of the chamber. They roughly grabbed Akemak and proceeded to drag him across the floor. Gartax watched until Akemak was gone and then chuckled in pleasure. He looked back to his remaining advisors. ‘Return my ship to base. I will inform the Master Shadow.’

**

Michael was the first to leave the ship. A gathering of about twenty men were waiting for them on the docking platform. They were rugged mountain men with long beards, and they were all wearing mountaineering clothes. Ajax, Ivan, Acacius and Cynthia followed Michael over to greet the Morosians.

A tall and proud looking man with a long grey beard, dark eyes and strong features stepped forward from the group. He examined the crew for a few moments before speaking.

‘I am General Khar. I am the leader of the Morosians. Welcome to our world. You are the first visitors from another world to come to Moros Gamma since the alien siege began six years ago.’

‘My name is Captain Michael of the Out Drifter. We almost didn’t make it. Passing the blockade wasn’t easy.’

‘We understand the difficulty. Every ship we sent to help you was lost. We were forced to reactivate the EPHX cannons immediately after you entered the atmosphere. Our ships couldn’t return even if they wanted to.’

‘I’m sorry to hear about your loss,’ said Michael.

‘It was a necessary sacrifice,’ said General Khar sternly. ‘Those men did what they had to do to save our people. We Morosians believe in sacrificing ourselves for the survival of our people. This is the only reason we have endured and our neighbours no longer exist.’

‘It was a noble choice they made,’ agreed Michael.

‘It was not their choice. They followed my command,’ said Khar indifferently.

Khar stared at Michael for a long moment. The strain in the General’s dark eyes was clearly evident, and there was a similar look in the eyes of every other man in the Morosian group. The constant threat of complete obliteration had taken a heavy toll.

‘Did you bring the lenses?’ asked Khar.

‘All of them,’ replied Michael.

‘Good. We are grateful to you. Honestly, we did not expect anyone to come, or rather, we did not expect anyone would be able to reach us. You are welcome to stay in our city until you are ready to depart. We will pool together the one billion credits for the transfer. It will take at least a day to gather the money.’

‘We’re not in a rush. My mechanic needs to repair my ship. We had some minor hull damage as we fought our way through the blockade; it’s nothing we can’t fix, but we need a day or two to complete the repairs.’

‘Our mechanical engineers will be willing to help if you require assistance.’

‘Thank you, General Khar.’

**

Sara, Ethan, Dog-Two and Gopher agreed to stay with the ship. Ethan had enlisted Gopher’s help, as it turned out that Gopher had worked as a mechanic before becoming a thief. Ajax would have preferred Gopher to stay in deep sleep until they could drop him off on an appropriate world, but Michael wanted to give Gopher a chance in much the same way he had given Ajax a chance.

Michael, Acacius, Ajax, Cynthia and Ivan were led by General Khar and his men to the far side of the docking platform. A series of elevator doors were set in the rock wall.

‘These elevators take us deep underground to Hadeseron, our last remaining city,’ said General Khar. ‘The aliens destroyed our surface cities in their first assault. We lost two thirds of our population. We were forced to move the remaining population to Hadeseron, which was an underground mining town before the war.’

‘How many people live in Hadeseron?’ asked Cynthia.

‘Two and a half million,’ answered Khar. ‘We expanded the city to accommodate our entire population. The surface of the planet is not safe, even with the EPHX cannons, because the EPHX cannons can only prevent spaceships, rockets and bombs reaching the surface. The aliens use long range lasers against anyone who chooses to venture above ground. There is nothing we can do to stop the laser attacks.’

They entered one of the elevators, which was large enough for a vehicle. Moments later they were rapidly descending. After about two minutes the elevator came to a complete stop.

‘We are three kilometres beneath the surface,’ said Khar.

The elevator door slid open. Directly ahead was a massive subterranean cavern. Lining the rocky walls of the cavern were five levels of walkways. Many metal bridges spanned the distance between the walkways. Side tunnels shot off in every direction. The area was bustling with people, and it seemed to Michael that the cavern was the centre of the underground city.

Every man had an untrimmed beard and mountaineering clothes, and the women wore long silky dresses, which appeared to be colour coded depending on their age. The women seemed to be congregating in groups away from the men, and it was instantly apparent to Michael that the Morosian culture was strictly divided along gender boundaries, which the entire population adhered to without exception.

Khar led them across the smooth stone ground into the city and everyone stared at them as they continued on.

‘Our survival is linked to our ongoing commitment to our traditions and cultural values,’ said Khar. ‘Every Morosian is happy to follow our traditional way of life. We do what we must do to survive. You should know, Captain Michael, we think Morosians are far superior to every other civilisation in Triangulum. Our ongoing survival is evidence of the strength of our people. We have outlasted every other civilisation in our region.’

‘That’s absolute space junk,’ said Ajax with a laugh. ‘The only reason you have survived so long is because you have those EPHX cannons. When they fail it’ll be goodbye Moros Gamma. I’d give the aliens two hours to wipe you out.’

Khar lifted his chin. He glared at Ajax and his eyes burned with wrath. ‘You insult my people,’ he hissed, his lips curling sharply downward.

Ajax met Khar’s stare and stood tall. He clenched his fists. ‘No, I’m not insulting your people, but I think you’re insulting everyone who has died fighting in the war. We are in this together. No one is better than anyone else.’

The situation was about to explode. Khar was a proud man, and Michael could see he wasn’t someone who would easily back down. The last thing he needed was a fight between Ajax and the leader of the Morosians.

‘General Khar, we admire the self-discipline of your people,’ said Michael. ‘We understand the suffering and sacrifice you have faced whilst fighting the aliens. Ajax, tell General Khar that you understand the sacrifice the Morosians have made.’

‘I understand,’ said Ajax soberly, but he didn’t unclench his fists.

‘You see,’ said Michael, looking back to Khar.

Khar’s eyes shifted from Ajax to Michael. ‘You will never find a more self-disciplined people anywhere in Triangulum,’ he said. ‘It is wrong for me to become angry. The words of your crew carry little weight and will not change the way things are. My men will show you to the guest chambers. Later this afternoon I would like to host a feast in your honour. It is our custom to welcome guests.’

‘A feast?’ questioned Cynthia.

‘Indeed, a feast,’ said Khar. He directed some of the men to guide them to their rooms and then walked away without another word.

**

They were taken down a side tunnel which led away from the main cavern. Their rooms were not far from the exit elevator and were small chambers carved out of the rock. They were each given their own room which consisted of a small bed, a communication console which was attached to the wall beside the bed, and a small wooden desk.

Cynthia rested on her bed. She reflected on the time since joining the crew of the Out Drifter, and her mind was in a spin with everything that had happened. Her original plan was only to get off the space station; at best she hoped to join a crew and make a modest income. The last thing she expected was to be working for the Epherian Emperor and be caught up in a quest to save humanity.

Her doorbell sounded. She quickly sat up and walked across her chamber. Acacius was standing outside the door.

‘Acacius, is everything okay?’

‘I need to talk with you, Cynthia. There is much you need to know.’





 EIGHTEEN





Gartax was on his knees in the central dome of the alien fleet command. He was trembling as the Master Shadow swirled around him like black smoke. The darkness pressed against the light. Icy shivers were shooting through his body. He had never been so terrified in his whole life, and he could hardly keep himself from falling face first to the ground. The presence of the Master Shadow was overwhelming, and he felt he could die at any moment.

‘There is a risk,’ said the End Machine. ‘The exiles could escape before I arrive at Moros Gamma. You will send a message to your commanders and tell them to offer the Morosians a peace treaty. Tell the Morosians that they will have peace if they deliver the exiles to us. I have calculated that they will give you the exiles. The exiles must not be harmed; I want to examine them closely before I destroy them. In three days I will arrive at Moros Gamma, and I will take the exiles from your fleet. They must not be allowed to escape.’

‘They will not escape,’ said Gartax, bowing low. ‘What if the Morosians refuse to hand them over? What if they don’t trust us to keep the treaty?’

‘They are desperate people; they will cling to any glimmer of hope you give them. I will completely obliterate their world if they do not agree.’

‘What about the treaty? We cannot suffer the existence of a human world at the centre of our growing empire.’

The End Machine laughed, and the menacing laughter echoed throughout the dome. A deathly silence followed. Gartax lifted his eyes and gazed up into the swirling shadows above. Terror filled his entire being.

‘Your kind was built to consume. You are parasites and nothing but an aberration. You have more in common with a machine than a living creature. I attempted to rebuild a human being from raw elements. You are the failed consequence of my ambition, entirely corrupted. Your hollow minds are focused solely on the acquisition of power; nothing else will ever matter to you. You only work together for mutual benefit. For these reasons you would not be able to honour a peace treaty even if you wanted to. Once you have imprisoned the exiles you can continue your siege or do whatever you want with the Morosians.’

Gartax bowed his head low. ‘We will do what you ask.’

**

Michael sat at the desk in his chamber. The strain of the enormity of the task at hand was beginning to show. He felt the shadow of the machine was growing nearer. His priority was to get off the planet as soon as possible.

He lifted his wrist-com. ‘Sara, how are the repairs progressing?’

‘…Well hello, Captain…’ she answered. ‘…They’re nearly complete, or at least we don’t have a hull breach anymore. Gopher is quite a mechanic; even Ethan is impressed with his skills…’

‘Are we ready to fly out of here?’

‘…We can leave if we need to. Ethan and Gopher are working on repairing the outer armour, but, Captain, to be honest, I don’t think we can pass the alien blockade…’

‘We made it through once. I’m sure we can do it again,’ he said.

‘…Captain, we had the help of the Morosian fleet, and the Out Drifter was nearly destroyed. We narrowly avoided a rapid decompression. A few more seconds and it wouldn’t have mattered if I sealed off the cargo bay…’

‘Do you have a plan, Sara?’

She didn’t reply for a long moment. Michael looked at his wrist-com, thinking it may have automatically switched off.

‘…I’m working on it, Captain. It’s going to be very dangerous. I’ll do my best…’

‘You’re the best pilot in the galaxy.’

In that moment the doorbell sounded. Michael crossed his chamber and hit the door switch. The door slid open and Ajax was standing outside. Michael could instantly tell something was wrong.

‘What happened?’

Ajax didn’t answer and instead signalled for him to step out. Michael glanced left and right down the tunnel; Ajax was alone. The door automatically closed behind him.

‘They have planted listening devices in our rooms,’ whispered Ajax.

‘Are you sure?’ asked Michael in a low voice.

‘I’m completely sure. I have an advanced spy-scanner integrated into my wrist-com. I don’t trust these Morosians. Cap, we have to get off this planet.’

‘I agree. Sara said the Out Drifter is nearly ready to fly. Once we make the credit transfer we will leave without delay.’

‘Sooner the better,’ said Ajax. ‘What should we do about them spying on us? It’s not right, Cap.’

‘Don’t do anything. My guess is they’re only spying on us as a precaution. Pretend you haven’t noticed. It’s best if they don’t know that we know. We’ll be out of here soon, and I don’t want to create any unnecessary commotion.’

**

Cynthia, Acacius, Ajax, Ivan and Michael were taken into a large luxurious dining chamber which was adorned with fine tapestries. Before them was a long oak table covered with dozens of prepared dishes. Khar directed the company to sit along the right hand side of the table. Five commanders of the Morosian armed forces were seated opposite them. Khar took the seat at the head of the table.

‘The tapestries are impressive,’ said Michael.

‘Indeed, they are,’ said Khar. ‘These tapestries were woven four hundred years ago by our people to record the history of our civilisation. The first tapestry shows the era of settlement and terraforming our world. Our world was never considered a prime world by the Epherian Empire, but to us it has always been treasured, and we would not trade Moros Gamma for any prime world. Actually, I would be prepared to say the harshness of our world is the precise reason we are so strong in our disposition. It takes a strong world to forge a strong people like us.’

‘They are well made,’ said Ivan.

‘Yes, they are. Such ancient crafts have been lost elsewhere in the galaxy.’ Khar lifted his chin; the haughty expression never entirely left his face. ‘You will be happy to know we have pooled the one billion credits together on a single GCTD.’ He reached into his jacket pocket and drew forth a GCTD. He looked at the device for a moment and he drifted off into thought. ‘I remember the time when credits were important. Our trade with other systems was always at the forefront of our minds. The alien attack changed everything. Credits are worthless to us now. After our last trading partner fell to the aliens we decided to abolish the guild credit system. You see, there is really no need for credits anymore. We only need to survive the invasion.’ He placed the GCTD on the table and slid it across to Michael. Michael read the indicator which clearly stated one billion credits.

He took out the GCTD that Tyr had given him and connected it to the other which was unlocked. The credits instantly transferred from one device to the other.

‘Thank you,’ said Michael.

‘As I said, credits have little meaning to us. Gathering the funds was a simple process. My people were more than willing to part with them.’

‘We will be ready to leave in the morning,’ said Michael.

‘The sooner the better,’ said Ajax gladly.

‘Very well,’ said Khar, averting his eyes. ‘However, there is one problem. My commanders believe there is no chance of your ship breaking the alien blockade. We simply do not have a fleet able to help you pass as you did before. For these reasons we have decided not to lower our defences.’

‘What are you saying?’ growled Ajax.

‘Powering down the EPHX cannons again would carry a significant risk,’ continued Khar. ‘The aliens are waiting for us to drop our guard. We believe you should remain here permanently because it is impossible for you to leave.’

‘We have no intention of staying here,’ said Michael firmly.

‘Lowering our defences was never agreed to in the terms of the deal with the Tunnel Makers. We only agreed to transfer of funds, nothing more,’ said Khar, staring blankly at Michael.

Michael leaned back in his chair and crossed his arms. ‘Obviously it goes without saying. We deliver the goods and you allow us to leave.’

‘Not necessarily,’ replied Khar. ‘My first priority, as I previously stated, is the survival of my people. I will not put my people at risk to benefit a small group of smugglers.’

‘You knew this was the case when we arrived,’ said Michael, raising his voice.

‘Perhaps, but it does not matter. We are two and a half million people; your needs are insignificant in comparison. You are a reasonable and intelligent man, Captain Michael. Surely you understand that it is not wise to risk the lives of so many for the benefit of so few.’

‘But we only need you to shut down the cannons for a few seconds,’ argued Michael.

‘Seconds we cannot spare,’ replied Khar indifferently.

‘You lied to us,’ said Acacius. ‘We would not have made the delivery if we knew of these terms before our arrival.’

Khar lowered his eyes and shook his head. ‘You will be given a place among our people, which is a great gift from our perspective.’

‘This is space rot!’ yelled Ajax, kicking his chair back and standing up abruptly. He slammed his fist into the oak table. ‘We don’t want your gift! I’m not staying here. I don’t care if I have to use a jetpack to get off this planet!’

‘I don’t want to stay here either,’ said Cynthia.

‘Don’t worry, Cynthia; we will be leaving,’ said Ajax with a snarl directed at Khar.

Khar ignored Ajax and Cynthia. He looked directly at Michael. ‘Your ship would be incinerated in seconds if you tried to pass the EPHX cannons; nonetheless, you are more than welcome to make an attempt.’

Michael stood up and stared harshly down at Khar. ‘You are pushing me into a corner, General Khar,’ he said sternly.

‘I don’t have a choice,’ said Khar, his voice icy. ‘We will give you time to think about our terms. I’m sure, if you are reasonable, you will see we are right.’

‘You always have a choice,’ said Acacius.

‘I do not agree,’ said Khar.

‘This feast is over,’ said Michael. ‘Everyone, gather any gear you left in your rooms. Return to the Out Drifter as soon as possible. We need to discuss our options.’

**

Michael and Ivan were walking back to their rooms together as their rooms were located in a separate tunnel from those allocated to where Cynthia, Acacius and Ajax.

‘My facial and emotion recognition programming detected some inconsistencies with what General Khar was saying to us,’ said Ivan.

‘What do you mean?’

‘I believe General Khar’s mind is divided. I recognised patterns of a person who is choosing between two options.’

‘It seems like he has made up his mind to me,’ said Michael.

‘No, Captain, he is considering a second alternative. He may want to dispose of us, or something of a similar nature.’

‘Why would he want to kill us?’

‘I do not know; nevertheless, murder is only one possibility among many.’

‘All the more reason we get out of here as soon as possible,’ said Michael, quickening his step.

They turned to enter the tunnel which led to their rooms. They were met by a group of ten heavily armed Morosian soldiers. Michael instinctively reached for his pistol.

‘Freeze!’ commanded the leader of the squad.

Michael’s hand was resting on the holster. The soldiers had their plasma rifles ready to fire. He considered using his powers, but he knew that would only show the End Machine their exact location.

‘What’s this about?’ he asked. The soldiers didn’t answer.

A moment later a second squad of soldiers appeared in the tunnel behind them, cutting off their exit. General Khar walked up from behind the second group.

‘This is about the survival of my people,’ answered Khar. ‘Don’t worry, Captain Michael; you will not be harmed.’

‘What do my crew have to do with your survival?’ said Michael. ‘We delivered the goods you requested and you paid us. We have no further business.’

‘You are right. I am sorry for treating you and your crew this way, but my people face desperate times, and we must take every available advantage.’ Khar turned so he had his back to them. ‘Just before I met with you in the dining room I agreed to a peace treaty with the aliens.’

‘The aliens are not interested in peace,’ said Michael.

‘You’re wrong, Captain Michael. They offered us a peace in exchange for you and the crew of the Out Drifter. They want you unharmed. We agreed to the terms.’

‘No!’ said Michael as icy shivers spread through his body. ‘You can’t do this to us.’

‘Regretfully, we have no choice. I already agreed to the treaty,’ said Khar as he started to walk away. Michael felt three darts strike his chest. The potent synthetic tranquiliser quickly seeped into his bloodstream. He struggled to hold himself up, but he collapsed within seconds and everything went dark.

