Cliff noticed distant tufts of murk passing slowly overhead through his view out the cockpit window. Then a masked face appeared in the window, startling him. Mabok turned and saw the same person, waving from outside. He had a dark suit, a large clear visor over his eyes, and a breathing mask that covered his nose and mouth. An air hose led down to his chest, where it split into several hoses that went to air tanks on his back and chest. He looked a lot like a scuba diver. Mabok held up four fingers, and the man held up a fist and nodded. He disappeared from sight. A minute later, Cliff heard the pumps working in the airlock. Jeff called the others on the intercom and told them that everything was all right. Eventually the top hatch opened. Cliff looked through the small window in the hatch and saw the man climb into the airlock, and then a woman followed him. They closed the top hatch and turned on the pumps again. Finally the hatch opened into the cockpit and the man walked into the cockpit. The woman stayed inside and was working some controls in the airlock. Mabok smiled and greeted him, and the man smiled back, removing his air mask. Now Cliff could see his face better, and this man was not as blue as Mabok. His space suit was not like the big, blimpy things that the men from Earth were used to, but a thick one-piece suit that covered the entire body except the face. It was slick on the outside and looked somewhat like a wetsuit. The mans smile turned to a look of surprise as he noticed Gavin."Gavin!" he exclaimed excitedly in English, "Glad to see you again. The Jaka brought some more of your kind?" he asked as he pointed to Cliff."Well..." Gavin said, hesitating."You know English!" Jeff said."Yes," the man answered, "I learned it from Gavin when he was with the Jaka." He glanced back and forth at the three astronauts. "You Reds all look the same!""To tell the truth," Gavin said, "Mabok didnt bring me. We brought Mabok with us. This is our ship now and we are leaving him here with you. We dont want any trouble. It was all part of an agreement with Mabok.""I see," the man said in Purple Man language, looking troubled. "I am Gefron, and this is Palla," he said pointing to the woman in the airlock. "I have no quarrel with you, because Im not a Jaka myself. However, I dont think stealing one of their ships was very smart of you.""It doesnt matter now," Mabok said, "Lets go to the base.""Yes," Gefron said in English, "We brought suits with us so you could go outside of your ship." Gefron pointed to a large box he had carried inside the ship, and several air tanks."We have our own suits," Cliff said, picking up his helmet."Those wont work here, Red," Gefron said with a frown. "The atmosphere at this level is a liquid, and the pressure here at the surface is intense. Regular suits would be squashed flat."Gefron helped the four men into the strange suits and soon Cliff, Gefron, and Palla were in the airlock. The others had to wait their turn. Gefron started exchanging the air inside with the liquid outside. Yellowish plumes billowed out from the vents in the wall, and the airlock took on an orange tint. The liquid from outside was cold, and Cliff was relieved that the suit was so thick and warm. The pressure began to build higher. It felt like he was in the bottom of a swimming pool and they had to clear their ears. Finally, Gefron opened the hatch and Gefron and Palla climbed up the ladder and out of the airlock. Cliff followed them out. He was very buoyant, and almost floated--instead of climbed--out of the hatch. As he looked around the dark yellow sky he noticed that the visibility extended only a few hundred yards. Gefron and Palla slid down the side of the hull to the ground. Cliff just stood on top for a while, gazing around the horizon. "Lets get going," Gefron called from the ground on an intercom."Right," Cliff answered. He closed the hatch and started down the handholds on the side of the ship, but found it easier to float off of them and slide down the side. He hit the ground gently, and then followed the other two. The ground was smooth with low rolling hills. Any rocks that Cliff saw on the surface of the dirt were rounded and smooth. They entered a tunnel that led into a dome about thirty feet high and as wide as a large building. There was another airlock at the end of the tunnel, and this time they had to wait inside the airlock for only a few moments. "How did you learn English?" Cliff asked."Gavin and several other Reds were brought here on the way back to the homeland," Gefron explained. "We were heading back to the Jaka home also, so we were able to travel together and share languages.""I have heard," Palla added, "that we were the only Hadrans that were able to talk to the Reds before they reached the Jaka nation. After that, the Reds were immediately taken back with the colonist ships to help with translation.""Do you know Gavin well?" Cliff asked."No," Gefron answered, "we mostly talked to a Red more familiar with the sciences.""We were going to stay at the Jaka nation," Palla said, "But we decided to leave and come back here.""We wanted to learn some of the science and learning of the Jaka," Gefron said, "and that is why we wanted to go there. However, the Jaka are a very proud people. They feel like they are the superior race of the galaxy, and we did not feel comfortable with them.""We didnt get along very well with them either," Cliff said."This is a science station," Palla said, "So all people are welcome. A Hadran supply ship arrived earlier, and the crew is inside. Gefron and I would be willing to translate if you would like to talk to them.""Well probably just stay here long enough to drop Mabok off."The airlock was done depressurizing, so Gefron opened the door and they walked inside the dome. The walls were white, and rooms lined the outer edge of the dome. Gefron and Palla took off their wetsuits and hung them on the wall. Underneath, they wore clothes like the ones Mabok wore. However, theirs were simpler and didnt have military patches. Cliff took off his wetsuit also.Once their masks and suits were off, Cliff got a better look at the Purple Men. Gefron and Palla had quite a different look to them than Mabok and the Jaka who had come to earth. They had sharper features and darker hair. Gefron was quite old and had a little gray hair. His face was lined. Neither of them had as much of the blue color to their skin as Mabok, but they were very pale looking. Palla was the first Purple woman that Cliff had seen and she looked much more friendly than all of the others he had met so far.***In the middle was a circular commons area. Ten Purple Men were sitting at tables talking. Cliff figured that they were the Hadrans Palla had mentioned."Wait there," Gefron said, pointing to the commons area, "While the others arrive. We are getting a transmission, so I must go." Gefron went into one of the rooms and Cliff sat at a table at the outer edge of the commons area, trying to escape notice. "Hey you!" someone said to Cliff from across the room. Five of the men walked over. Cliff smiled weakly. He wished Gavin and Jeff would hurry up and get here. The men stood around him, pointing to his face and hair and talking to themselves. They sat down around Cliff and patted him on the back. Soon they were talking among themselves and eating food that looked a lot like the soup Cliff had been eating on the ship.One of the men turned to Cliff and blurted out a strange sentence, and all of them turned to look him in the face. They waited for a response, but Cliff didnt have one."They want to know if you came from a rocky, or a gas world," Palla said from behind Cliff. She sat down next to him. "They have a bet going.""Rocky," Cliff said. Palla acted as translator as they continued to talk.Several of the men smiled and laughed and the other three handed over some objects out of their pocket."You are from Earth, right?" one asked through translation."Yes, thats right," Cliff answered."I guessed as much," the man said, "You are a Red. I have heard about you.""Really?""Yeah, savages.""I guess some of us are," Cliff said."I am Denz," the Hadran said."Nice to meet you, Denz.""It is too bad that you will always be prisoners to the Jaka out here in the void. I think you would get along with the Hadrans.""We arent prisoners here," Cliff said."The Jaka brought you, right?""No, we came in our own ship," Cliff answered, pointing outside."The ship that just landed is a Jaka Pinak, isnt it? How did you get a Jaka Pinak?""We took it.""Pirate, huh? Listen, Red, were supposed to kill pirates on sight. But," Denz said with a smile, "We wont kill you. It takes a brave man to be a pirate out here. The Jaka seek your blood, the people wont trade with you for fear of being arrested, and you have no ones pity. Pirates are scum of the lowest.""Were not pirates," Cliff protested. Denz didnt even wait for Pallas translation of what Cliff said, he just continued. Palla shrugged and relayed his words to Cliff."I should have figured that the only pirates I met would be Reds. No one else has the guts anymore."Denz got a faraway look in his eyes. "If only I had a ship without the government contract to bind me down. Do you realize whats out there? Jaka treasure ships with riches beyond your imagination. Jaka transports loaded with goods and slaves, just waiting to be taken by an adventurous soul. The lost treasure of Seebol. Ah, yes, Seebol," Denz said with a smile. The Hadran stopped talking and looked at Cliff, coming back to reality. "I envy your life, Red man, may you live long enough to enjoy it."The Hadran downed the rest of his drink and turned to leave. At that moment, Gavin, Jeff, and Mabok walked up and sat down."Amazing planet," Gavin said."Yeah," Cliff answered. "Ill be glad to go home, though," Jeff said.Gefron walked up to them. "I hope that wont be for a while," he said. "I am very interested in learning more about you Reds. You are invited to stay in the dome for a while and we can exchange information."Gavin and the other Reds looked at each other."I would love to stay here for a while," Cliff said. Jeff shrugged in agreement.Gavin turned to Gefron, "We would like to stay," Gavin told him, "but we will have to ask the rest of our crew first." Gefron nodded."Ill go ask the men," Cliff suggested."Fine," Gefron said, "Palla can go with you to show the way."Cliff and Palla left the group."Gavin," Mabok said, "I would like to tell you more things about the Pinak before you go, since I will be staying here. Also, Gefron will help me explain, since he knows spaceships much better than I do.""Sure, Mabok," Gavin said as he stood up, "Lets find a quiet room somewhere."Gavin and Mabok got up to leave. Jeff and Gefron followed after them.Palla and Cliff began to suit up to exit the dome."So, what is your name, Red?" Palla asked."Cliff.""That word means something like rock wall, right?""Thats right.""Well, my name, Palla, means cloud.""The clouds here are beautiful. Were you born here?" Cliff asked."No," Palla answered, "I was born on the planet Hadra." Cliff tried to connect a hose to his air mask but couldnt get it to fit."Put it on the other side," Palla suggested. "Thanks," Cliff said, "So what is Hadra like?" "Near the equator it is very hot and it is extremely cold at the poles. It is much different than Jaka. The Jaka world is cold all over.""I would be great to see them both," Cliff said.Palla smiled at him, "I hope you can someday."They climbed into the airlock and turned on the intercoms in their air masks."What is your planet like?" Palla asked."It is very beautiful.," Cliff explained, "There is always something new to see. There are mountains and rivers. Some places are teeming with plants and animals, and others are quiet and barren.""Hadra does not have plants or animals," Palla said as they climbed out of the airlock into the cold, viscous liquid. It was like standing underwater in the ocean. "Only the Jaka world has life, not my planet.""How do you survive there?" Cliff asked."We must carry air with us," Palla said as she led Cliff to the end of the tunnel and to the edge of the soft sand. Cliff looked towards the distant Pinak."So you must wear space suits?""No, thank goodness," Palla said with a laugh, "Only an air mask when we are outside." As they walked along the ground, Cliff paused to look around him. The yellow liquid swirled with low clouds and a red glow came from the sky where the sun was hidden. The soft sand was broken by staggering rock formations that came into sight when they got close enough to see them. "This planet is amazing!" Cliff gasped as he took it in. Palla smiled behind her mask."All of the Purple Men say that it is ugly and desolate, especially the Jaka.""How could they say that, Palla? This is beautiful. Look at this!""The Jakas idea of beauty is different than yours. To them, a beautiful sight is a huge city. As for plants, they prefer organized gardens to the random quality of natural growth. Since this planet has no immaculate gardens and no large buildings with pleasing architecture, they don't like it here. They prefer to stay in their cities with plenty of entertainment, music, and noise. They do make the most beautiful cities. I have never seen better than the cities on Jaka." "How can they not admire a view like this?" Cliff gestured around him with his hands."Well, I guess they are usually more worried about controlling their environment. This planet is dangerous. There are storms that could destroy our outpost in a heartbeat. It's only a matter of time before some disaster strikes here. The Jaka don't like that. Why spend time out here where someone could get killed when they can watch movies of the most beautiful parts of this planet on a screen at home? After all, looking at the stars or clouds is much more boring than watching a video of the same thing.""I am not that way," Cliff said, "I love to see the sky.""I am like you, but the Jaka aren't," Palla said, then paused for a moment. "Why did you come out into the void?""Ive always wanted to see what is out there beyond the horizon. I dont know why. Its just something inside me. I just want to explore new places.""Cliff," Palla said, "I want to ask you something, and dont laugh." Cliff turned and looked at her. "Cliff, there is something amazing about being out here. The planets and stars seem to have a personality, like an artist made them. That's silly, though. Everyone knows that they just formed through natural processes." "Well," Cliff said slowly, "Many of us on my planet believe that these things were made by someone. This someone is an Artist who is wise, loving and in control of this whole universe. Maybe thats why I like to explore. Im studying the work of the master craftsman."Palla looked up at the sky and Cliff saw the dim sunlight reflected in her eyes."If there is a master craftsman out there, Red," Palla said, "I'd sure like to meet him."***Gavin and Gefron looked up from a computer screen to see Cliff and Palla enter the room."So what does the crew say?" Gavin asked."They are willing to stay a few days," Cliff replied, "If they can have some real food here at the base."Gavin looked at Gefron."They will eat the best food we can prepare," Gefron answered, "Well send some men over with wetsuits so they can come to the base."***Wes gripped his knife and fork eagerly as he sat at a table in the commons area in the dome base. He had brought his silverware along, "to be able to eat as fast as possible and not miss any good dishes while I learn to use their weird utensils." The others were also pretty excited to eat fresh food. The whole crew was gathered around several tables. As soon as Purple Men handed them their trays, they began eating. The feast had barely started when the men were interrupted. Gefron walked up to the men hurriedly."Reds," he said nervously, "You must leave quickly. A Jaka transport is coming in to orbit. They just transmitted a request for landing.""You must go now," Mabok told Gavin. "They will kill you. Its too bad you have to leave so soon."Wes groaned, but Cliff was already putting his mask on. Everyone else did the same. They scrambled through the airlock and soon they were running across the tops of the rocks on the way to their ship. Once they got to the ship, it seemed like forever while they waited their turns to use the airlock. Palla had followed them and stood on top of the Pinak making sure that everyone got in. Cliff and Jeff waited for the others and were the last ones outside. Finally, it was Jeff and Cliffs turn to enter the airlock."Okay," Cliff said as he climbed down into the airlock, "Goodbye.""Good luck, I hope to see you again," Palla said before Cliff closed the hatch. Inside the Pinak, Gavin looked around the cockpit nervously. They were going to have to do this without Mabok now. Cliff watched Palla out the window. "Okay, Gavin," Cliff said, "Shes got all the suits and shes clear."Inside the bay, the crew was wandering around when Jeff came inside. "Everyone take your places. Were taking off now!""Whats up now?" Frank asked as they scrambled around."An enemy ship is coming here to land."***"Open the red valve!" Gavin shouted from the cockpit. Jeff stood at the bottom of the ladder and relayed the order back into the ship.  "Open the red valve," he called.After Mabok had used the computers to land the Pinak, many of the engine settings were wrong. Gavin and Jeff worked furiously to get them set correctly again."Open the bow tanks!"Cliff flipped switches in the cockpit while men in the kitchen operated valve cranks to open the tanks."Blow the bleed line!""Power the engine. Warm up the maneuvering thrusters!"The ship started humming to life."More power on the maneuvering thrusters!" Gavin called.Gavin and Cliff took their seats. "I want all the main engines on five power," Gavin called. "All maneuvering thrusters, fire up on full power." The ship swayed and rose above the ground."A lot smoother than the time we took it in to land," Cliff said with a smile."A lot smoother," Gavin agreed."Main engines on thirty-five power." The ship roared to life and started slicing through the thick clouds. "Its kind of sluggish," Cliff said."Yeah," Gavin agreed without looking at him. His eyes were riveted to the controls and the cockpit windows. Gavin flipped some switches.It was some time before the ship broke free of the thick clouds. The Pinak had been laboring upwards for about forty minutes. Then, abruptly, the clouds vanished and the stars appeared. Gavin gave orders to each thruster to trim the controls and ease the Pinak into orbit. They floated up against their seat straps as gravity vanished."Get a lookout up here to watch for that Purple Man ship!" Cliff yelled down. Soon Jose was in the cockpit, fitting his gloves and boots on. "Jose," Cliff said, "look out for the other ship and give us a bearing on it.""Right," Jose said, and headed for the airlock."You got your Purple Man numbers memorized?" Cliff called after him."No sweat!""Cliff," Gavin said, "What course do we set for home?"Cliff pulled out some rolled up papers and spread them across the control panel. Drawn in pencil was a complete star chart of the area. Gavin looked at Cliff."Wow," he said, "Thats nice.""Thanks," Cliff said, pleased, "We came on this course here, from that star," he said pointing to the map, "So we should be able to backtrack by heading towards that star again. Thats where the way station is. I have a map to show us how to get home from there.""Good," Gavin said, "What are the coordinates?""Three, seven--""Gavin!" Wes interrupted from the airlock. He poked his head out."Yeah?" Gavin answered."Have you looked at the fuel tank level lately?" he asked worriedly."No, I--" Gavin stopped when he saw the fuel level on the instrument panel."Oh my goodness," Gavin said, "Were running on fumes!""What are we gonna do?" Cliff asked."We dont have enough fuel get to another planet," Gavin said. "We must have used it up in the take off. We dont even have enough to land the ship safely.""Were not in too much trouble if the Jaka ship doesnt see us," Cliff said hopefully.Just then, Jose called over the intercom from outside the top hatch."Ship coming up below us!" "That means were in trouble," Gavin said to Cliff, then keyed the mike to talk to Jose. "Coordinates?""Uh," Jose hesitated, "Four-seven and the other number is one-eight-five."Cliff looked at the instruments. Those coordinates meant that the ship was coming up from underneath them. "Theyll see us for sure, so itll be over one way or the other," Gavin said grimly.Jose watched, as the object grew closer. It was another Pinak-type ship. He saw it veer towards them and pull up alongside. Gavin and Cliff eyed it out the window."Looks like a Jaka military ship," Cliff said."Wed better get a gun crew ready," Jeff said. "Man the left side gun!" he yelled, "Joe, Frank, take command of the cannon down there!"From outside of the ship, Jose saw a light flashing from one of the other ships cockpit windows."I think its some kind of Morse code," he said over the intercom. Gavin and Cliff saw it out the window."They definitely look like Jaka military to me," Cliff said."Yeah," agreed Gavin, "Lets just pull away from them and hope they go away.""Main engines at 20 power," Gavin called on the intercom. The Pinak edged away from the Purple Man ship. Then the engines sputtered and died."We got a problem here!" a Calvin shouted from below.The Pinak swung in an arc as the last sputters of the engines blasted the ship sideways. Gavin and Cliff tried to regain control."Yaw left!"***The bridge of the Purple Man Pinak was silent as the Purple Men watched the strange ship tumble out of control."They are obviously having difficulties, sir.""Yes, but who are they," said the Purple Man Captain."No other Jaka were supposed to be in the area," offered another man on the bridge."Pull alongside to dock, and have the medical supplies ready.""Yes, sir!"***Gavin and Cliff managed to stop the ships uncontrolled swing, but fuel had run out and they were just drifting. They watched in amazement as the other ship slowly rotated until it was upside down. Then it came alongside their ship. As the Purple Man Pinak came closer, its bay door lined up with the bay door on the Red Pinak and came together with a thud. Jose called up to the cockpit that the other ship had docked with theirs. Everyone on ship ran to the equipment bay. Inside the bay, they found the gun crew ready. The left side cannon was cranked up to the edge of the bay, pointed towards the closed door, and men clustered around it with the tanks and power cable ready to reload. Everyone else stood nearby, watching the door. The engine room had been hot, and some of the men had their shirts off. Several of them wiped sweat off their foreheads. "Stay calm!" Jeff ordered.Then the ship lurched a little, and they heard a clanking noise. After another lurch, the bay door started to slide upwards. Onboard the Jaka ship, some medics and a few men stood in their equipment bay, talking amongst themselves while they opened the door. When the door was open, the Purple Men turned in shock to see the large cannon pointed right into their ship. The Reds stood grimly behind it and a Red stared straight at them through the gun sight. "These men dont need medical attention!" hissed one of the Purple Man medics as the others stared in amazement.***The Captain of the Purple Man ship stood calmly on his bridge and turned to see a crewman with wide eyes coming up the ladder."There are Reds on board the crippled ship!""Reds, from Earth?" the Captain asked.The crewman nodded."Place them under arrest. How did they get that ship?"The crewman shook his head and opened his mouth a few times, but no words came out. The Captain motioned two of his men to take weapons and follow.Jeff watched warily as a Purple Man officer strode onto the enemy equipment bay. He was walking upside down in relation to himself, so it was quite a strange sight. He noticed that the officer looked important, and several of his men had weapons. Jeff saw his crew fidget a little."Hold your fire!" Jeff yelled.Jeffs command stopped the Captain in his tracks. Jeff saw the Captain look at them in surprise. The men with weapons quickly left them floating in the air and raised their hands in a sign of surrender."Well, Gavin," Jeff said with a smile, "We didnt ask for it, but it looks like theyve surrendered their ship to us.""Take their weapons!" Jeff ordered, and the Reds charged into the enemy bay.Cliff just shook his head. "I guess we are pirates now."***Several hours later, all of the Jaka were gathered in the enemy ships equipment bay. Wes and Javier held stolen weapons pointed at them."Wes," Javier whispered out of the side of his mouth, "I dont know how to use this thing!""Dont worry," Wes said, gritting his teeth and grinning evilly at the Purple Men, who shrank back, "I dont either. Just act like you do.""Gavin," Jeff called as he entered the bay from the front of the ship, "This ship is full of supplies. Space suits, guns, weapons, air tanks, food, everything."Gavin nodded and pointed towards the Purple Men. "Jeff," he said, "These guys seem scared out of their pants.""I guess we frightened them quite a bit.""Who is your Captain?" he asked in the Jaka language.The Purple Men shifted around until the Captain was visible at the back of the group."I am the Captain," he answered defiantly."What are you doing here?" Gavin asked."I dont have to answer your questions, pirate!" the Captain growled, and then spat. "You arent even worth the air you displace!""Im sorry you feel that way," Gavin said."Enjoy your life while it lasts, scum," the Captain said bitterly, "Because when the Jaka fleet gets to your planet, nothing will be left.""Do you think we're scared of that fleet?" Gavin asked."You should be," the Captain replied quickly, "It's the Jaka Sixth Fleet! Im surprised you havent heard of it. It was called the fleet of death by the Hadrans. If you surrender to me now, you might get off with only light labor at a penal colony."Gavin ignored the Captain and turned to Jeff. "The Captain just confirmed that a fleet is heading for Earth.""Okay," Jeff answered, "More evidence that Mabok was telling the truth. That might help us get off easy with the authorities at home. At any rate, wed better dump these guys off on the planet.""I agree," Gavin said, "The Captain is too much of a loud-mouth for me. Well drop off the prisoners and pick up some fuel for our ship.""Right," Jeff said, "Ill tell the men to get our Pinak ready. Maybe we can pump fuel over to our ship."***The commons area had been quiet for several hours. The Hadrans were still sitting there, talking. "He was a good man," Denz said, "the Red we met.""Yeah, too bad.""They have a chance, you know.""Not much against a trained Jaka naval crew.""They have fierce hearts," Denz said."Yeah, Denz, but we all knew that piracy would never pay. It just doesnt work today. You fill your head with too many of the old stories.""They were brave, though.""Look, Gefron is letting in some men through the airlock. A Pinak has landed.""Theyre the Jaka men, probably wanting to celebrate.""Yep, the Jaka alright. Theyll be in an intolerable mood, Ill wager. Cocky as always."The Hadrans stopped talking when they noticed the expressions on the faces of the Jaka Purple Men. They shuffled in to the commons area with a depressed look. Cliff came out from behind the group with a weapon pointed at them. Javier and Jose followed with guns too. Gavin followed."Against the wall!" Gavin shouted. The Jaka lined up obediently with their hands behind their head.Denz leapt up from his seat and grabbed Cliff on the shoulder."You beat them!" he shouted. Cliff didnt understand, but the excitement on Denzs face gave him a hint. "You won! Yes! I love it!" He continued jabbering excitedly, while Cliff just nodded. Gefron walked up to them. Denz turned serious and said something to Cliff, holding out his hand."Cliff," Gefron said, "He wants to sign on your ship." The man still held his hand out. Cliff grabbed his hand and shook it heartily."Tell Denz," Cliff said to Gefron, "that hes welcome aboard." Gefron translated for Denz, who turned and smiled to the others and laughed. He patted them on the shoulders and ran off to get his gear while his comrades looked on, shaking their heads with doubtful expressions.Palla walked up to Cliff and Gavin. "You captured a Jaka ship!" she exclaimed. "Now the Jaka are prisoners this time. How ironic.""Yep," Gavin replied, "We hope you dont mind us leaving the prisoners here. Well use the ship we captured from them.""Oh, that reminds me," Palla said, "Jeff just sent us a transmission from the captured ship. He says that it will take him at least 24 hours up there in orbit to get the ship ready. They have to get the engines rigged so that they can fire them manually." "Well, then," Gavin said with a smile, "We have some time to kill. Ill go talk to Gefron about refueling." Gavin headed off to talk to the old Purple Man. Palla tapped Cliff on the arm and he turned to look at her. "Cliff, there is a spectacular weather pattern moving in. Id like to take you up to get a look at it. I thought you would appreciate the view.""Sure, Palla," Cliff said, but pointed down towards his gun and the Jaka prisoners, "Just as soon as I'm off guard duty."***Cliff headed for the door. When he got there, he found Palla already suiting up. She pointed to a large craft."Well need to take that up," she said."What is it?" Cliff asked as he walked over to it. It was a cross between a motorcycle and an airplane with short wings and handlebars."We can use it to fly to very high altitudes."Cliff put his wetsuit on. As he put it on, he recognized the familiar tangy smell of the outside air. He winced as he caught a whiff."I love the smell of the atmosphere here," Palla said. "It might be strange at first, Cliff, but youll get used to it."Palla helped Cliff get on his air tank, and then they lowered their facemasks and stepped into the airlock, pushing the flyer in front of them. Once they came out of the airlock tunnel, Palla flipped a switch. The flyer had a fan on the back that came on with a whir of bubbles."So where are we going now?" Cliff asked as he climbed on the flyer behind Palla."Up," Palla answered with her finger pointing in the sky. The flyer lifted off of the bottom and climbed slowly and steadily through the thick liquid as Palla worked the controls. Cliff glanced down to take a look at the dome below. It was a hundred feet below them now and was starting to get obscured in the yellow light. "This is like flying!" Cliff exclaimed.They kept cruising up and up. It seemed to Cliff that they were miles and miles above the surface. Every once in a while Palla throttled back to glide quietly through the murk. Some white clouds came into view as they cruised up. "This is awesome!" Cliff said."Yes," Palla replied, "I love coming up here." Palla piloted the flyer in and out of the smooth clouds as they went up. Cliff ran his hand through the misty edge of one of the clouds and swirls and blobs of white liquid tumbled in every direction.Cliff did it again and looked at Palla with a big smile."You are like a small child!" she laughed.After they passed through the clouds they got closer to a shimmering surface above them. Light filtered through the wavy surface in beams and sparkles. Palla stopped a few feet below it and let the flyer glide. "Just wait until you see what is above this layer," she said.She carefully eased the flyer up with the controls. As they neared the layer, it rippled and shimmered and then they burst through. Cliff gasped in the sudden light that he saw above. The air was much clearer and he could see in all directions. The view was only obscured by haze far away. The flyer skimmed along the surface like a boat on water. He reached down into the liquid below and swished it around.Cliff looked down at his wetsuit and saw drops of the darker yellow fluid from below. They sluggishly rolled down his suit in what seemed like slow motion and dripped off until they settled onto the golden-brown layer under the sled.The golden-brown layer looked like the choppy surface of an ocean. It bobbed and waved back and forth. Up above, in the sky, he could see bright cloudy layers of white that that looked like wavy sheets of cotton."This doesnt happen very often," Palla said as she pointed at the smooth clouds above, "It is usually very turbulent." Palla held her hand out over the side of the sled and ran her fingers under the golden liquid below them. "Instead of a gentle layer here at the surface, it is usually a boiling and churning storm.""This is amazing," Cliff sighed, and leaned back to watch the sky. "How often does it happen?""Once every few months or so," Palla answered. "It wont last for long.""Thank you for taking me up here, Palla.""Youre welcome."They sat and admired the scene for a while."You know Cliff," Palla began again, "When they first told us about the Reds, they said that you were all savages. They told us stories about how the Reds brutally killed our colonists. Now that I know you better, I know that your people could not have done that. I feel ashamed of the Jaka. They lied again. How could they say that about you?""Palla," Cliff said slowly, "Just because you know me, doesnt mean that you know all of the Reds. Some of those stories are true.""But you and Gavin are not like that. You Reds are good people.""There are good and bad people in every culture. The Reds are not all good."Palla nodded, deep in thought."Palla," Cliff said after a while, "Why dont you come with us and see our world?""I cant, Cliff. Youve stolen two Pinaks and the Jaka will surely try to kill you all. You are in the middle of a storm that is too dangerous for me. I prefer to live peacefully."Palla paused and Cliff lowered his head. "But you have to come back and tell me about your world," she said. "And maybe one day I can see Earth."Cliff looked around him. "Someday there will be a calm in the storm," he said.Palla jumped in her seat as she saw something in the distance."Not now! Look!" she exclaimed. There was a flash in the distance, then another. They were getting closer. Then Cliff saw a streaking crash of lightning between the clouds and the watery layer. "We must get down," Palla said.She grabbed the controls. Cliff held on as the flyer sank through the surface with a splash of golden droplets. Light flashed through the shimmering surface above them until the mist blocked it out.***Up in orbit now, Gavin stood in the cockpit of the Pinak. The captured ship, recently dubbed Buccaneer, cruised beside it in formation. Cliff climbed into the cockpit."The Buccaneer has finished pumping in the fuel that we brought up from the surface," Cliff said, "And were ready to fly away.""Good," Gavin said as he looked out the windows at the planets surface.Jeff came into the cockpit and Gavin turned to him."Are you sure you agree with Denz's idea?" Jeff asked."No," Gavin said, "I think he's a little crazy, but he does have a point about delaying the Purple Man attack a little by spreading some havoc behind their lines.""Plus," Cliff added, "considering that we are in big trouble for stealing this ship from the United States, it certainly won't hurt for us to wait to go home until some of the commotion dies down.""I agree," Gavin said, "Weve evenly divided the weapons and equipment?" "Yes," Jeff answered, "And the men who want to go home now are on board the other ship.""Who went over to the Buccaneer?" Cliff asked."Sam and Chuck and ten of the others," Jeff said. "We now have fourteen, with Denz. They have twelve. I was surprised that Calvin wanted to stay out here with us.""They have copies of Cliffs maps, right?" Gavin asked."Yes.""Good," Gavin said happily. "Hopefully theyll be home safe pretty soon.""Tell Denz to give me the coordinates for our first raid, and well power up the engines.""Sounds good to me," Jeff replied. "Everyone take your positions!" he shouted.  IntroductionIn the list of places on Earth that look like another planet, New Mexico ranks very high. The old sun-weathered volcanoes, mysterious caverns, wind-swept valleys, and bone-dry river beds would look right at home among images of Mars or Venus. Among those who seek to reach the stars, New Mexico seems to have a special allure. After the launch of the first liquid-fueled rocket, why else did its inventor feel the urge to move to New Mexico? The discoverer of Pluto chose to live in New Mexico for the rest of his days on Earth. Americas first rocket scientists came from across the planet to start up the American space program in the desert of New Mexico. The first astronaut to see the far side of the Moon decided to settle down in New Mexico. Along with all of these people, the only geologist to walk on the Moon was from New Mexico. Some claim that aliens from another world chose Roswell, New Mexico as their first landing site. Could it be that people from across the galaxy saw something special in New Mexico too? After all of the media coverage about the Roswell incident of 1947, it was hard to believe the people who claimed that, once again, UFOs had landed in southern New Mexico. The witnesses of the landings couldnt get anyone of any kind of official capacity to come out to the site. Some who believed in the stories about Roswell came to see for themselves, but were disappointed. The craft that they saw lying in a desert arroyo over 100 miles from Roswell wasnt a saucer. It was a strangely angular craft resembling a submarine. Soon a false rumor went about that little men with large, slanting black eyes had been seen. However, the first man to truly see the occupants of the alien spacecraft didnt even realize it until the next day. Chris Johnson had come to the UFO sight late one night after getting off of work in Alamogordo. He had made a large bet with some friends that the UFO didnt exist. He found the spot by following paper plates taped to road signs. It got dark as he was driving, but he was anxious to get a look at the UFO site, so he kept going. He parked his car among a motley collection of vehicles left there by other UFO-seekers. He walked past an RV and followed the footpath that led to the arroyo. The full moon was so bright that Chris switched off his flashlight and let his eyes adjust until he could see the entire countryside. When he got within view of a real spacecraft, he was surprised and also a little angry. He was so sure of winning the bet that he hadnt thought about what he would do if the UFO were actually there. No one else was at the site, so he walked around the craft to have a close look. In the dark, it was hard to tell if it was real or if someone had built it as a joke. He decided to go back to his car to get some sleep. As he left, he walked backwards to take a few last looks at the ship. When he smacked into something solid, it brought him to his senses. He turned around and saw a person standing in the path, looking annoyed. The man was wearing some kind of jumpsuit. "Sorry," Chris said.The man grunted, turned, and walked away. "What a rude guy," Chris said to himself as he continued on his way, "I cant stand being around these freaky UFO enthusiasts."The next day, all of the UFO-seekers went back to the spacecraft to have a bonfire. They had been waiting by the UFO each day to see what would happen. Chris climbed stiffly out of his car and went to join them. Several of them were dressed up in costumes and Chris thought they were definitely crazy. Chris left the party and went back home, sure that there had to be some logical explanation for everything that was happening. It wasnt until around ten oclock that morning that some of the bystanders noticed that two men sitting at the bonfire hadnt said anything all day. They had on strange jumpsuits and talked in some foreign language."Youre not German, are you?" one bystander said to them, "Sprechen Sie Deutsch?"The jump-suited men just stared back."Hey, are you guys alright?" another bystander asked, "You seem awful pale. You didnt sleep out in the cold last night did you?""Do you want anything to eat?" someone else asked.The two men conversed together briefly and then got up from the fire. They left their seats and walked over to the UFO. The two men climbed up some rungs on the spaceship and stood on top. The bystanders were quiet now, and a little confused. Even the most fanatical among them hadnt gotten that close to the spacecraft. These foreigners were audacious! When the two men opened a hatch and climbed inside the UFO, the bystanders were left agape. It took several minutes for the truth to sink into their minds. Those who had come expecting to see aliens that fit the image popular in the tabloids were disappointed. "They looked just like us!" one teenager blurted out."They were white as a sheet, though," one said finally."Definitely a little purple-looking," another stammered.When a roaring stream of cars pulled into Roswell that afternoon, people finally listened to them. The sheer numbers of witnesses impressed reporters from El Paso and Las Cruces. After all, they couldnt all be high on drugs. The caravan returned the next day, complete with reporters and Deputy Sheriffs. The next day, Chris saw the news. Images of what people were calling the "Little Purple Men" appeared on the screen, and Chris recognized the unique jumpsuits the men were wearing. Chris realized that he had been to first to see one. As the whole planet went into an uproar around him, Chris just sat on his couch in silence.   1The calm, blue Kazakhstan sky was sliced in half by the ascending Soyuz rocket. The thundering roar of the Russian rocket engines faded in the distance as the rocket disappeared skyward. On the ground, the Russian control room was tense. American scientists lined the walls and crouched next to their Russian colleagues, watching the monitors. Many looked weary and evidence of frantic work was piled around the room. ***On top of the hurtling rocket and inside the cramped Soyuz capsule, the three astronauts waited until it would be time to perform their mission. Radio transmissions from the ground crackled in their headsets as the Earth drifted past their windows. "You should have the ship within sight now," a man named Grange called from Earth, "Are you ready to dock?"An astronaut named Gavin took another look at the spacecrafts control panel and turned to look at his crewmate Jeff. Jeff gave a thumbs-up with his bulky glove and grinned. "Roger, Control, we are ready to go," Gavin called back.Grange looked up from his console and switched his headset to a different line. "This is Grange, all controllers report in," he tried to say calmly. His voice cracked a little from the tension and fatigue he had suffered over several weeks of preparing for this mission. He felt that throwing together a spacecraft so hastily was sure to bring catastrophe. Even for the Russians it had been short notice, and they were accustomed to preparing space missions more quickly than Americans."Life Support."Go.""Electrical.""Go."The men monitoring each different system on board the Soyuz capsule each gave the go-ahead for the mission. When they had all reported in, Grange looked at his assistant, who was talking on the phone to a representative of the President of the United States. The President had the last word on whether they should proceed with the mission. Grange was glad that the responsibility for the decision didnt rest on his shoulders. With one word, the President could send the three astronauts on an operation that would most likely lead to their deaths, or he could call them back to the safety of Earth. After nodding silently to Grange, the assistant hung up. Although it wasnt spoken, it was as if he had said, "The President is Go."***The Purple Man Mabok looked unbelieving through his binoculars as an Earth capsule got closer and closer to his orbiting ship. He couldnt remember how long he had been on his ship, called a Pinak by the Purple Men, without anything notable occurring. It was a shock that something was breaking the monotony of the past few days and he almost couldnt fathom it. He wiped off the inside of the window of his spacecraft and looked again. He didnt know what to do and had the terrible feeling of being alone in a foreign and distant place. In thirty minutes he could talk to his ground base in New Mexico, but for now that was on the other side of the Earth and he had no one to turn to. The Soyuz capsule continued to get closer. He could see detail on it now. It was cylindrical with a spherical bulb on one end.Mabok switched on the communications system even though he knew there was no chance of reaching his base, "Mabok to base!" he called. His call went unanswered. Mabok to base!" he shouted, as if a louder voice could somehow get through.Mabok took another look at the capsule through binoculars and couldnt stop thinking of who might be inside. They were probably the savages from Earth who were known to his people as "Reds." At other times he had been very intrigued about what he heard of their culture and customs. Even though the Reds were his enemies, he thought it would be interesting to learn something about them. Others told him that it wasnt likely the Reds knew anything of benefit, being as primitive as they were. He had heard accounts of his comrades deaths in battles with the Reds on the ground. Their guns shot large metal chunks, which inflicted death slowly and painfully. Mabok shuddered at the thought and wondered if it could really be true. His people, the Jaka, used humane weapons that kill almost instantly. He thought back several weeks to the time when his comrades loaded up landing craft with weapons to attack the Reds. His leader Kropan had received word that the Reds from Earth had attacked colonists from his planet. A small fleet was sent to strike back against the Reds and Mabok was assigned to stay behind and take care of the one ship that they were going to leave in orbit. "Mabok, you can stay on the Pinak and wait for our return," Kropan had told him. "We must make this planet safe for colonization. Force is the only way to show the Reds who is in charge here."Mabok was tired of the Liaison Officer, Kropan, and at first was glad to be rid of him, even if he had been left completely alone. Kropan was a Liaison between the Navy and the Oligarchs, who were the political rulers of the Jaka. Kropan had the assignment to make sure that the officers of the ship were complying with the Oligarchs orders. In other words, the Liaisons kept the military in line with the political leaders. Until recently the Oligarchs hadnt assigned Liaisons to every ship, but recently tensions had arisen between many of the military officers and the Oligarchs. The resentment in the military had grown as the Oligarchs responded by exerting more control over the Navy. Before joining the Navy, Mabok thought that the Jaka only fought to protect the home world and defend justice. He had eagerly joined up and been happy to serve his planet. Only after several years did he realize that the stories were not always true. He had decided to leave the Jaka Navy as soon as his tour was up, but for now he was stuck.His mind suddenly leapt to what Kropan had told him about the Reds. Kropan knew about the Reds because he had talked to an Earth prisoner. They had named the prisoner Gavin after he was captured and had taken him to show to the people back home. While normal Jaka have a slight purplish-blue hue to their skin, this Earthman was decidedly reddish. Gavin had learned some of the Jaka language during his captivity and Mabok had wanted to see him, just so he could see for himself if they were as bloodthirsty as Kropan was saying. He felt it difficult to believe the stories that were told about the Reds.Gavin was being kept in a Jaka military base in New Mexico, so there had once been a possibility that Mabok could speak to him. Unfortunately, the Reds had overrun the base in New Mexico and Gavin had probably escaped. Now there were no other Reds in captivity, so Mabok had lost his chance to speak to one.Mabok jerked himself loose from his thoughts and looked at the capsule again. He made note of the range between his ship and the capsule and found that it was only getting closer. Mabok's orders were to defend the ship from unidentified craft. The capsule was a hundred yards away and closing, so there wasnt much time. Mabok got up from the pilots seat and ran down the corridor towards the engine room. His magnetic boots clanged on the metal floor, but the sound was soon muffled after he clicked his helmet shut. His heart pounded. After checking to see if his suit was airtight, he climbed through the airlock, and stepped inside the equipment bay. He opened the bay door, and the equipment bay was flooded with light as the door slid open. The bright Earth filled Maboks view. In his hurry, he had purposefully opened the door before the air had completely pumped out of the lock, and a quick blast of air rushed into space. He soon noticed the approaching capsule hanging over the backdrop of clouds and blue ocean. The capsule was slowly getting larger.The cannon sat dark and silent in the rear of the equipment bay. Mabok walked over to the cannon and grabbed its handgrips. Its dull gray surface seemed blue in the Earths light. With some exertion, Mabok cranked the cannon towards the open door on a metal track. When he got it in place, he looked up. The capsule was much bigger now. His glass visor clinked against metal as he looked in the telescopic sight and adjusted the aim with a joystick to point at the large cylindrical end of the Red ship. When it was centered, he stood back, spread his feet to get a sure footing with his magnetic boots, and leaned forward to grip the firing lever at the rear of the cannon. He gave a shove and the lever slammed into the fire position. He winced in the bright flash as the cannon recoiled from the shot.***In the battles on the ground in New Mexico and Texas, the United States had lost countless lives to the superior weapons of the Purple Men. Grange hoped this daring space mission would make up for the Earthlings' lack of sophistication with the element of surprise. He certainly was caught by surprise when Gavin first recommended it. Gavin had been rushed to the space program headquarters as soon as he had been liberated from the Purple Man base in New Mexico. Gavin had a plan to strike back at the Purple Men by taking over an enemy ship in orbit. He had heard his captors speak of one spare ship left in orbit. The President had agreed that the mission would be worth it if there were any chance of sparing the lives of a few men on the ground.The fact that Gavin had been a trained astronaut was a great help as he campaigned for this bold space strike. Gavin had been an astronaut before the Purple Men had arrived and had eagerly waited for news about the first encounters with the aliens. Back in the early days of relations with the Purple Men, everyone was elated to discover an alien form of intelligent life. Practically the whole astronaut corps had volunteered to go live with the Purple Men, but Gavin had been the one who was selected. He was sent to learn the Purple Man language and report on their technology. That was long before things had turned hostile. When relations had worsened, Gavin was taken as a prisoner and carried off into space to show the Purple Man superiors what the Earth people were like. The other two members of the astronaut crew were Cliff and Jeff. They had been obvious choices because they had the most experience with Russian equipment, and only a Russian rocket could be prepared for launch in such a short time. Russia needed money, and selling a Soyuz rocket to the U.S. had been no problem for them. The last element of the plan fell into place when American tracking stations sighted the lone alien ship drifting in orbit. The Purple Man spacecraft hadnt made any orbit changes for weeks, so it was thought to be unoccupied.***Grange took one more look around the Russian control room and switched his headset to communicate with the capsule. "Soyuz, this is control, you have our approval to board the enemy vessel," Grange called."Okay," Gavin said excitedly over Granges speaker, "We are starting on the checklist to dock with the enemy vessel."The men at mission control watched their consoles as various systems were switched off and on as the astronauts performed the tasks necessary to connect the two ships together.The three men in the Soyuz capsule clicked on their helmets and made sure the air hoses that fed oxygen into their suits were properly connected. Cliff finished his task list first and attached the clipboard to the control panel with a wide canvas strap. He leaned back in his seat, and had time to look at the Purple Man ship for the first time out the small capsule window. It looked kind of like a blocky submarine colored flat gray. He could see a wide doorway on the side and some windows at the nose. A white dome protruded out of the top towards the back of the craft, and the underside was a dull black. "I can see the ship very well now," Grange heard Cliff say over the radio back at Mission Control. "The bay door on the side is open now, and there are still lights on in the cockpit by the nose." Grange felt himself tense up as Cliff described the craft. The fact that the lights were on in the cockpit was somewhat alarming."Can you get in the ship through the bay if the docking mechanism doesnt work?" Grange called."I dont know," Cliff answered, "The door is wide open and" Cliff paused. Grange waited for Cliff to continue for a few moments, but there was only silence."Go ahead, Soyuz," Grange called."I thought I saw some movement in the bay," Cliff said breathlessly."What do you see?" Grange asked, his heart jumping."Oh, no!" was all Grange heard from the capsule.Cliff saw what looked like a figure in the bay, working with a piece of equipment. Then, in an instant, everything was chaos. The checklist in front of him fluttered away in a violent rush of air and disappeared out a gaping hole in the capsule that opened up beside him. Jeff was thrown into the control panel by the violent blast, and his helmet faceplate was cracked into a spider web of broken glass, but still held together. Gavin stared outside the craft through his window to see shredded pieces of the orbital module silently flying outward like a newspaper in the wind.Cliff felt a draft of air on his arm, and looked down to see an inch-long slit in the back of his glove. A ripped piece of the fabric waved wildly in the escaping gas. At the moment, all he could think of was to rip the canvas strap off the control panel and wrap it around his wrist. He cinched it tight and hoped it would hold long enough. He could feel the vacuum boiling sweat off of his hand."Gavin! Ive got a leak here!" Jeff gasped as he felt the air escaping through his helmet and heard a hissing sound.***In the Russian control room, Grange stood gripping the back of his chair. The radio was dead. There was no voice from the Soyuz. "Grange," someone yelled, "Im not getting any signals from the orbital module!"***Gavin couldnt help looking past Jeff at the deep blue Earth below, right through the capsules ruptured hull. He could see the Earth roll out of view every few seconds. The capsule was in a spin. He forced himself to think calmly. "Okay, Jeff, well need to see if the capsules oxygen supply is working," Gavin said.He opened his eyes and scanned the Cyrillic letters on the control panel."The main oxygen tanks in the service module have no pressure," Jeff called. "Im switching to the descent module tanks," Cliff said.Jeff also turned and found himself looking out the ruptured hull. Lots of small particles floated around out in the black sky. He looked back at the control panel."The flight computer has no power," Jeff called."Activating on board batteries," Cliff said."Forget about the flight computer," Gavin called, "It used to be over there," he said as he motioned toward the missing cabin wall."It looks like the radio is okay," Cliff called."Try and hook it up to the batteries," Gavin said, and then turned to Jeff. "How bad is the leak in your helmet?""Not too bad," Jeff answered, "But the descent tanks aren't going to last long."Cliff held up his glove. "Ive got a leak too, but Ive tied it off at my wrist."***Mabok watched a ball of gas and debris billow out from the capsule. Then it started slowly spinning away. He hadn't scored a direct hit, but he was satisfied that there wasnt much chance of anyone surviving. Even if they did, their ship was crippled. Mabok left the equipment bay and got into the airlock. He wanted to forget about it all. He shut the airlock door and pumped the air back in after glancing through the window into the open equipment bay. As soon as the airlock filled with air, he pulled off his helmet, set it down with a sigh of relief, and opened the hatch. He walked up to the cockpit. Checking the chronometer, he saw that the New Mexico base would be in radio range in twenty minutes. He sat in the pilots seat, and strapped in. He noticed that his hand was shaking, and he let out a deep breath. The clock seemed to stand still as he watched its changing digits.***Grange looked up in astonishment. "What was that?" he called, startled at the sound."Were getting voice back again," someone said."...lost the orbital module," Gavins voice came over the radio, "What do you recommend?""Say again, Soyuz," Grange called."We had an explosion and lost the orbital module," Gavin repeated."How bad is it damaged?" Grange asked."It isnt there anymore," Gavin answered."How about the rest of the ship?" Grange asked."We had a decompression, but were all okay," Gavin said."Can you repressurize?" Grange asked."Say again," Gavin said, as the static in his headset got worse."Can you repressurize?""No, we lost part of the capsule wall," Gavin answered. "The docking mechanism was on the orbital module, so its been blown away." The orbital module, which was now gone, was a spherical compartment on top of the Soyuz spacecraft, but the astronauts were strapped into the gumdrop-shaped descent module. "They wont be able to dock," Grange said. Then he turned to the propulsion man standing next to him."Okay, Vladimir," he sighed, "can they still fly?""Its possible," Vladimir said as he spread a diagram on the top of Granges computer monitor. "They still have a little maneuverability, but the center of balance is all off, so it will be very difficult.""They can't reenter," Grange said, mulling the options."Actually, theres only one option now," Vladimir said as he looked up from the blueprint, "They have to get on that ship in order to survive.""But they cant dock with it," Grange countered."They dont necessarily have to dock," Vladimir replied, "If they can fly into the open bay of the enemy ship.""Its risky.""But I dont see any other choices."Grange and looked at Vladimir for a minute."Vladimir," Grange said, "Just figure it out as fast as you can and tell them how to do it."Vladimir gathered up his blueprints. "Okay," he said and rushed over to the propulsion console. A man was already sitting at the console working away. "Vladimir," the man at the console said without turning, "We still have about two thirds of the maneuvering thrusters functioning properly.""Whats the fuel situation?" Vladimir asked."About twenty seconds."***As mission control tried to figure out a solution, the three crewmen were sweating it out in the capsule. Cliff looked down at his hand. The strap seemed to be holding in the air in the rest of his suit, but his hand was starting to go numb."Soyuz," Grange called up after about five minutes."This is Soyuz," Cliff replied."Cliff," Grange said calmly, "Since you are the pilot, we need you to stabilize the craft.""I think Jeff will have to," Cliff said quietly, "I cant use my hand.It seemed to Grange that new problems were arising every minute."Okay," Grange said, "Jeff, you try to stabilize the capsule. Well radio some instructions for Gavin to write down while you do that."Gavin grabbed a pencil and some paper that had managed to stay in the capsule. "This is Gavin. Go ahead."Grange started reading off instructions and Gavin copied them down while Jeff gripped the control joysticks and starting to take the capsule out of its spin. With the orbital module blown off, the capsule was unstable, and the job was very difficult. Jeff squinted through the smeared window and gave a control joystick one last tap. Then he let out a breath."Control," he called, "This is Soyuz, I have the capsule stabilized, I think.""Listen," Vladimir said, "tell him to aim the capsule slightly ahead of the equipment bay on the enemy ship.""Okay," Jeff said, "Im looking for the ship...wait...Okay, its in sight." Jeff said and paused again. "Now Im pointed a little ahead of the equipment bay and the capsule is stabilized.""Jeff," Grange said slowly and clearly, "Fire the engine to accelerate ten meters per second."Jeff turned to the other two astronauts. "You ready?" he asked.Gavin and Cliff gave a thumbs-up. They were hoping that nothing exploded when they tried using their main propulsion. Jeff followed the instructions and flipped the last switch to activate the main engine. Soon the capsule was moving and starting to vibrate. The three crewmen could feel their bodies press into their seats as the capsule accelerated."Hows it going, Soyuz?" Grange called."Were moving now," Jeff replied, "There is a lot of vibration." Jeff could still hear the hissing air coming out of his cracked helmet. The oxygen gauge read at one half. Ten minutes ago it was full. Jeff didnt want to think about it and turned his head to look at the timer. He was supposed to turn off the engines after 17 seconds of burn time. 15... 16... 17... Jeff flipped the switch and the vibration stopped."Engines off," Jeff radioed."Guide it the rest of the way with your maneuvering thrusters into the equipment bay," Grange called, "And if you need to, you have three seconds of main engine fuel. Once you are in, have Gavin disconnect from the oxygen, float into the bay, close the bay door, and pump the air in. After that, youre on your own.""Roger."The three men in the capsule watched as the ship grew nearer. Jeff kept his hands on the joysticks. Cliff held his injured hand under his arm. It seemed to help a little to hold it there. Cliff watched the Purple Man ship, as they got nearer."A little to the left," Cliff suggested quietly.Jeff grimaced and moved the stick a little. The capsules maneuvering was unpredictable. "Were drifting away!" Cliff said. Jeff fired the main engine at the last moment and the capsule lurched forward. They needed a little push to get back on target. The capsule careened towards the side of the equipment bay. It slammed into the right side of the doorway and spun into the bay with solar panels clipped off and flying in different directions. Then it crunched into the wall. The whole thing seemed strangely silent. The men were thrown against their straps. Then they were weightless again and the Soyuz was motionless. It was too big to fit in the bay, but had jammed itself in somehow. Gavin disconnected his oxygen hose and undid his straps. He opened the hatch, climbed out of the capsule, and looked around the bay. The Soyuz was wedged in the bay diagonally against the back wall. He saw the door mechanism on the other side of the bay. He had seen the Purple Men use it many times while he was with them, but he still wasnt sure if he knew how to work it. He pushed off the capsule with his feet and tried to ignore his shaking legs. Handrails lined the floor and walls, and Gavin inched his way over to the door mechanism. The air in his suit was starting to go bad.***Mabok sat up. The ship lurched violently and shuddered for a few moments. A piece of debris had probably hit the ship. He had heard small fragments making tinkling noises against the hull earlier, but this time it was bigger. It might have caused some damage. He would try and contact his base in a few minutes and then go check out the damage.***Gavin jammed one lever down. He knew it closed the door from watching Purple Men while he was a prisoner. The bay door started closing. Gavin let out a sigh of relief. He saw a dent halfway down the doorway where the Soyuz had collided with the doorframe. The door lurched and stopped at the dent. Gavin jammed the lever down and held it down. The door lurched past the dent with a pop. The once bright Earth was just a sliver of blue and then was gone when the door finally latched shut. The bay was darker now. There were only a few dim lights. Gavin turned to the door mechanism.    9Men lounged around in the ships quarters, resting after their shift was over. Calvin was throwing an old glove and his dog Baker would dash after it. The dog was getting very good at getting around in weightlessness. The men heard someone humming a patriotic tune. They turned around and noticed Wes floating next to his bunk. He took off his helmet and held it over his heart as he ceremoniously wrote one more tally on a paper on his bunk, which read, "Wess days in space." "Do you know what this makes?" Wes asked Joe."What," Joe answered as he tinkered with one of the guns, "Your birthday?""Nope," Wes said, "My first one hundred days in space.""You sound like you think its an honor," Joe said."It is," Wes replied wistfully, "I figure Ill always look back with pride on my first hundred days.""I hope I dont have another hundred days. Youre not sick of it?" Joe asked incredulously."Hey, man," Wes answered, "This is the life! I havent had this much excitement since I fell into Hangmans Crick on my cousins four wheeler!""Youre amazing," Joe replied, "If you had a choice between going home and having another hundred days, what would you take?""The hundred days," Wes answered."I figured as much."Denz ran into the room and motioned towards Wes. "Wes," he said in English, "Come on, planet is here!""Your English is better," Wes said in Purple Man. Denz smiled and nodded and they both left the room in a rush.Joe sat there, floating and shaking his head. "I cant believe it," he said to himself, "Theyre excited about coming to another pothole of a planet! Its probably just like all the others weve come to."***Up in the cockpit, Gavin and Cliff were looking out the window."What do we got?" Wes asked as he and Denz came up the airlock."Same as usual," Gavin said."Grayish-red," Cliff said, "cratered, a few prominent valleys, mountains, and...""What?" Wes said as Cliff hesitated."Polar ice caps," Cliff finished with a smile."Ice!" Denz said."Any water ice?" Wes asked."Well have to go down and find out," Cliff said. "If there is any we can use it to fuel up again.""I want to take a look from outside," Wes said as he strained to see out the windows."Ill be suiting up to go out myself in a few minutes," Cliff said, "We need to find a good place to land.""Wait for me!" Wes said and grabbed Denzs arm. "Come on, Purple, lets go!"Soon all three were climbing out of the airlock onto the top of the ship. Denz was the first to attach binoculars to his faceplate and start looking at the pole. Cliff and Wes just watched for a few minutes as the stark terrain cruised by beneath them. There wasnt much atmosphere on the brownish planet, and the craters and valleys below were sharper than life. Shadows lay across much of the crater bottoms and were cast from the mountain ranges as they approached the terminator dividing the day and night. The night side of the planet was cold and black."Id say the length of a day here is about sixty hours," Cliff said as he jotted down on a clipboard where the terminator was. "The axis is tilted enough that there are seasons here, enough for polar caps to get really big. The top one is in winter now." Wes listened to Cliff but didnt really hear what he was saying. The edge of the polar cap was in sight and its brilliant white reflection and swirling lines of ice and rock were dazzling. They were hundreds of miles from the surface, but to Wes, it seemed like he could have seen individual people if they were there. "When do we head down?" Wes asked.***"The tanks are filled to overflowing, Commander," an officer called to Krid Zaff as he looked up from the fuel gauges in the cockpit."Make ready to set a bearing," Krid replied."Yes, sir.""The trail will be cold," Krid said to himself. "Yes, sir, Ill signal the depot that were undocking.""Good," Krid said, "And dont worry. Well find them."***The Pinak glided swiftly over the planet surface. Ridges and alternating patches of rock and ice flashed in the cockpit window. Jeff pointed to a large, white valley that could barely be seen behind dark peaks and ridges. The dim sun reflected off of the ice. "Yes, thats a good spot," Denz said.Gavin eased back on the control levers and the ship shuddered. The Shark slowed to a stop and then Gavin lowered it to the surface. As they landed, the Shark lurched several times as the ice cracked beneath them, and then they came to a rest. The nearby sun was barely above the horizon and the shadows were long and dark. Four men in the bay, Cliff, Wes, Javier, and Denz, snapped their helmets and gloves into place and pumped the air out of the bay. Then Denz grabbed what looked like a vacuum cleaner connected to a large hose."Open the gate," he said to Wes over his intercom."The door," Wes corrected."Yes, open the door," Denz said with a grin. The door slid open and they hopped outside. Gravity was pretty light here, and they could skip around quite easily. Denz started up the machine he was holding. Churning blades soon began chopping up the ice and shoveling it into the machine. Soon water began coursing through the hose."Put pipe in tank," Denz called to Cliff, who was still inside the bay. Cliff fed the pipe through the hatch into the engine compartment and then into the fuel tank. Wes and Javier began wandering around on the ice. ***"Krid," a Purple Man called into Krids quarters, "We are arriving at the Political Prison station.""Okay," Krid said as he snapped out of sleep, "Begin the docking procedure and get me the officer that was the station lookout when the Reds escaped.""Yes, sir.""Oh, and get the first mate up," Krid called as the Purple Man left, "I want to see him."Krid got out of his sleeping bag and put on his boots. He stretched and then straightened his uniform. The first mate came in."First mate, Lang, reporting," the man said."Lang," Krid said, "Do you remember what condition the Reds ship was in?""Yes, sir.""Did they still have weapons on board?""Yes, sir. The guards hadn't removed all of the guns before the Reds escaped.""Thats what I was afraid of," Krid said grimly, "I am surprised at how well they fought off our shock troops. I didn't expect that fierce of a fight from people so new to space battles. What about other supplies?""They have enough supplies to last a little while, but their fuel was almost gone.""How much did they have?""Enough for about 7 parsecs.""They will have to stop for fuel soon. Lang," he said, "I don't know what is going on at this prison, but it doesn't seem right.""I agree," Lang said, "If only Oligarch Sanzen hadn't been killed. Unfortunately, he was one of the few Oligarchs who advocated trying to make peace with the Reds. By killing him, the Reds only made it worse for themselves.""I would like to talk with these Reds myself," Krid said. "We might be able to reach some agreement, even if negotiations aren't allowed.""Always bending the rules," Lang said, "You haven't changed from our days on the Gritfal Tez.""Yes, I have changed," Krid said, "Now I outrank you."Lang laughed, but was cut short by another officer coming in the room."Commander?" he called out."Go, ahead," Krid said."Weve docked and we're loading the information on the Red's trajectory now, sir.""Good, well meet in the chartroom."***A few minutes later, Krid and Lang were in the chartroom across from an officer from the prison."Lets get right to it," Krid started, "Did you plot their course as they left the station?""Yes, sir," the man said and handed over a clipboard. Krid looked over it quickly and gave it to Lang, who went to a console and typed in some numbers. In the middle of the room a raised table lit up and projected a three dimensional display into the air. All the nearby stars were bright pinpoints of light hovering in the air. "Plot the bearing," Krid said.A yellow line appeared, stabbing out from the center of the display, where a red light signified the Political Prison station. Krid followed it with his eyes down the length of the beam."They probably got much farther than that," Lang suggested quietly. "They can be almost anywhere now after all this time has passed since they left.""No they can't," a nasally voice added, "Their computer system was shut down shortly after they left. My guards inserted a virus into their computer that shuts down the whole computer system and erases all memory storage." Krid and Lang turned to see one of the Liaisons walk in. He was a skinny man with his Liaison's uniform groomed to perfection. "So their ship is now virtually useless," he finished in an annoying, nasal tone."Sir," Krid said, "I don't believe we've met." "Commander Gornig," the Liaison said."Can they restore the computer system?" Lang asked."The two Purple Men that are with them must have some superior cyber attack skills to have captured so many ships," Gornig said. "But, the virus was created by the Oligarchs' own special cyber attack team. It's very unlikely that they can break it. Also, since this is such a sensitive operation, the Oligarchs have directed me to take direct command of your Frigate and your Sloks myself. I will conduct the search.""Sir," Krid said, "This has never been done before. It would be wise to let the Navy conduct the operation. We have the training and--" "--You will hand over those ships and their crews to me, Zaff," Gornig barked. "Sanzen was the last of the Oligarchs to hold on to the old notion that the Liaisons shouldn't command naval forces. With him gone, the Oligarchs have been able to advance a more modern agenda.""Then you only leave me my Pinak?" Krid asked."Thats right, Zaff," Gornig answered, "You are free to return to the Sixth Fleet for further orders."Krid just clenched his fists."Youd better pack up your stuff out of your cabin," Gornig said, "Well be setting out soon. Ive already signaled for your Pinak to dock at the starboard lock to pick you up."Krid looked like he was about to explode, but Lang pulled him back."Krid," Lang said, "Lets just go."Krid growled, "Now they're letting the Liaisons take command of naval forces!"Lang kept Krid moving towards his quarters. "Krid, wed better report back to the Sixth Fleet. We dont have any other orders yet.""That's right, Lang, I havent received any other orders yet, so there's nothing to keep me from going after the Reds with my Pinak. Besides, Ill be able to move faster without the big ships.""What, do you think you'll be able to find them before Gornig?" Lang said."Yes," Krid said. He hurriedly started putting his stuff into a duffel bag. "You heard him, Lang, he thinks the virus will destroy the Reds computers. But we know that our cyber attacks were completely ineffective. We couldn't even detect their computer signature."Krid finished packing and closed up his duffel bag."But Gornig's virus was written by the best cyber attackers we have," Lang said. "It might do the job.""Maybe," Krid said, "But what if the Reds weren't using computers?""That's impossible," Lang said, "Controlling the ship without computers? It's suicide.""Amazing isn't it," Krid said with a grin, "But if I'm right, the Reds are running their ships manually. Gornig is going to be completely at a loss when he finds out that the virus didn't stop them. We'll be able to catch the Reds first and give the Liaisons a little embarrassment."***Krid watched from the cockpit of his Pinak as Gornig left the station with Krids Frigate and two Sloks. "Hes cruising out there like hes on parade," Lang said, and then turned to notice Lod enter the cockpit."Ah, Lod," Krid said to his Liaison Officer. "Youre back with us, I see.""Yes, Im back with you," Lod said. "But I'm confused. Did the Sixth Fleet order you to do a survey here? I thought the maps of the area were sufficient."***"Its cold," Javier said as he walked around on the ice. "My fingers are getting a little cold.""Check out my faceplate!" Wes said, pointing to the glass on his helmet, "Im getting frost on it.""Think this stuff will make snowballs?""I don't know, but we'd better move the equipment to a new spot. We're getting down to bare rock over here. A few more tons of ice and we'll have all the fuel we need."Inside the ship, Joe, Frank, and Sam had the dinner shift in the ships galley. "Is your arm better now?" Sam asked Joe."Yeah, it feels fine. I still have a little scar," Joe replied."I guess we just wait around, then," Frank muttered."Yeah," answered Joe, "I didnt know how boring space could be.""No kidding," Sam said, "But it sounded exciting. When the astronauts brought back the Pinak they had taken, it seemed like something out of the movies. I was at the Air Base then and I thought that anything would be more exciting than the job I had.""What was your job," Frank asked."I worked on jet fighters.""That was boring?" Joe asked incredulously."I never got to fly in them, except once or twice a year. The rest of the time was just sitting around on the ground doing nothing," Sam answered. "I thought that space was going to be nonstop action.""Thats what I thought," Joe said."I thought Id be famous," Frank agreed. "You might be famous when we get back, though," Sam said."Still, Id much rather be any old joe, as long as I was on Earth," Frank mused, then added quickly, "Nothing personal, Joe."Joe nodded with a smile, then added, "Id rather be home, too. I dont care if no one on the face of the Earth knew I existed. Id give anything just to go swimming in the summertime, with the warm sun, and a fresh breeze.""Cut it out, Joe," Sam said, "You're getting me homesick.""You know what I want?" Frank asked, "I want a hometown breakfast. Eggs, sausage, bacon, toast, pancakes, French toast."Sam groaned and gripped his stomach, "Youre killing me, man."Joe grinned and nodded, tossing his packet of gruel away with a misty-eyed expression."Hey, you guys!" came Jeffs abrupt call from below. The three men knew his voice well. Jeff floated into the galley. "Hey, get moving! Its our turn to get a load of water.""See, Sam," Joe said as he got ready, "Its not all complete boredom.""Yeah," Sam said wryly, "We get to be water boys."***Once the Shark was full of fuel and back in orbit, Jose was on top of the Shark on lookout, but he was having trouble keeping his eyes open. He blinked hard and shook his head. The stars began to get blurry. One of them was moving. "I must be really tired," he mumbled to himself. He shook his head, blinked, and looked at it again. It really was moving. He grabbed his binoculars and took a look."Gavin!" he called. "GAVIN!"Gavin snapped out of his doze and grabbed an intercom. "What?""Weve got another ship coming in!" Jose called."What kind?""I dont know, but I think they spotted us.""All men to your stations!" Jeff yelled."Its a Pinak!" Jose called over the intercom. Gavin called out some commands and the Shark roared and began breaking away from the planet.***"Krid," Lang called as he lowered his binoculars. Krid looked up from his computer screen. "They have spotted us. They are beginning to flee.""Can we catch them?" Krid asked. "They have a more favorable orbit. It will give them a head start.""If we swept closer to the planet, the gravity would slingshot us out into space with an increase in velocity. It might give us the extra velocity we need."Lang smiled, "Why yes, thats right.""Dive closer to the surface."***"We're losing them, Gavin," Jose called from his lookout post."Good," Gavin sighed, "Once we get completely out of sight, we can throttle back down."After the planet was out of sight, Gavin leaned back and switched off the engines. Cliff walked in behind him."Question," Gavin said, "Anything in the scopes?" "No," Cliff answered with a grin, "Were all clear. Im pretty sure we lost them. They went behind the planet, so I don't think they were even trying to follow us.""I have one more question for you, Cliff.""What?""How do we get home?"Cliffs grin sagged a little bit. "I was hoping you wouldnt bring that up. Ive been looking over my maps, and I still havent figured out a connection.""What do you mean, Cliff?""Well, I have my maps from before we were captured, and I have my maps after we escaped. The problem is that I dont know how to get from where we are now to where we were before we were captured.""How far could we have traveled while we were prisoners in the equipment bay?" Gavin asked."Pretty far," Cliff answered, "Far enough that I dont recognize any of the stars. My plan is to go over my maps and look for familiar constellations, and then I could find a way home.""Have you found any constellations that you recognize?""Its not that simple," Cliff sighed, "The constellations will have been distorted because we traveled to a different vantage point and we are seeing them from a different angle. Im not even sure that I know how to do it.""Well, if you need anything, well be here for you. Just find the way home.""Ill try, Gavin.""Gavin!" came a call over the intercom. It was Jose."Yes?""We got another ship in sight," Jose called, "It's coming up fast and it looks like the same old Pinak that found us at the ice planet."How did they follow us?""I dont know, Gavin.""Blast!" Gavin slammed his fist onto the control panel, which sent him drifting upward and he hit his head on the ceiling. "Ah!" he hissed. "How did they do that?""We just lost the intercoms," Jeff yelled.***"Pretty good, Zaff," Lod said with a shrug as he looked through the telescope, "Im surprised that you were lucky enough to find the Reds during your survey.""Youre right," Krid said, then glanced around the cabin and stood up. "We got lucky. Set maximum speed. Were going to catch them this time.""Yes, sir."***"I dont know how they did that," Gavin kept saying as he shook his head. "Denz, what is wrong with our ship? They're still catching up""They have a Pinak just like us," Denz said, "So they shouldn't be catching up. They must have found a way to boost their speed.""How close are they, Jose?" Gavin called on the intercom."Looks like a mile and closing," Jose called back."Get the cannons ready to fire," Gavin commanded."You cant win in a firefight with Krid Zaff," Denz said. "Maybe we could ram them." "No," Gavin answered, "That would damage our ship.""Why dont we ram them with the landing craft?""That might work," Gavin said and pondered the thought for a while."It is either that, or we dock and take them in hand to hand combat," Denz said."Okay," Gavin said determinedly, "Ram them with the landing craft."***Denz looked around him in the landing craft cockpit and spotted the throttle. He eased the lever forward and the engines roared to life. The landing craft shuddered and strained against its docking bolts, trying to break free of the Shark. He took one last look and hopped out. He pulled a thermal knife out of its sheath and held it up to one of the docking bolts. Joe did the same with the other bolt. Denz raised his arm and signaled to turn the ship. Jeff saw it in the bay and motioned to the men to turn starboard.Then Denz motioned for them to stop and waved to Joe. Denz and Joe hacked into the bolts. Sparks flew as the special knives seared through the metal and then the landing craft lurched free. The blast from its engines knocked the men over and the boat careened off towards Krids Pinak.Denz scrambled to his feet in time to see Joe drifting off into space."Joe!" he yelled. By the time Denz was able to get a grappling hook out of his bag, Joe had drifted twenty yards away. Denz fired the hook, which streamed through space and smacked into Joe's helmet with a sickening crack. Joe opened his eyes and breathed a sigh of relief. His helmet hadn't broken. "That's the last time I complain about being bored," he said to himself as Denz hauled him in.***The other Reds watched tensely as the landing craft hurtled toward the enemy ship. The other Pinak turned to the side to avoid the landing craft, but Krid's Pinak didn't move fast enough. The landing craft plunged into the side of the Pinak, glancing off of the hull and sliding off into space. Dents and cracks could be seen in the rear hull of Pinak. Gas and debris was spewing out of the fissures in the armor.Jose strained to see through the gas and debris. Then he keyed his mike. The intercoms worked again."Gavin," he called."Yeah," Gavin answered."They seemed to be stopped. They arent following us anymore," Jose called excitedly.Gavin and the others whooped in delight and soon the men all over the ship were dancing and singing."Yeehaw!" Wes yelled, "Just like the movies!"***Krid braced himself for the damage reports. Lang came in quickly with the news."Krid," he said slowly, "We have a leak in the fuel tanks and one of the engines is smashed.""Do we have any spares?" Krid asked, expecting the worst."We do have a spare engine, but it will take some time to unpack it.""These Reds are turning out to be my most interesting challenge yet," Krid said.  That evening, the whole crew of the Shark gathered for a discussion. They sat in a circle in the shade of their ship. The shadows were slowly creeping toward the horizon as the orange sun fell behind the distant hills."First of all," Gavin started, "We need to decide on our plan."Everyone nodded in agreement."Jeff," Gavin said, "Whats the water situation?""Weve got enough water in the Shark for about two weeks here," Jeff said, "so that would be an Earth month.""Wes," Gavin said, nodding in his direction, "What about food?""Weve only got a little mush, but enough jerky to last quite a while," Wes said."I bet the mush is still going to last a lot longer than the jerky," Javier mumbled, "That stuff tastes like--""If we had a little salt," Wes said defensively, "It wouldnt be that bad.""Okay," Gavin said, holding his hand out for quiet, "Now we need to decide how much food and water we want to store up before we leave here.""Well," Jeff said, "How long do you think it will take to get home, Cliff?""I dont know," Cliff said, "But Im guessing two or three months.""Okay, lets get enough lizard meat and gourds for three months," Gavin said, "Now, how much water do we need for fuel?""We're running dry pretty fast," Jeff said, "We're drinking a lot and there isn't any water around here.""I can go out on a search mission to find some water," Cliff suggested, "If I take the chimeras, I could carry enough supplies to go pretty far.""Who knows where the water will be, if there is any water here," Jeff said. When Sam heard that, he sat up."I know where water is," Sam said. "In the chimera den there is a deep tunnel that reaches down to the water table.""How deep is it?" Gavin asked."I dont know," he shrugged, "Several hundred feet, Id guess.""Can we dig our own?" Gavin asked.Everyone in the circle looked questioningly at each other. After a few moments, Calvin spoke up."If the water is several hundred feet down, I doubt we could dig a well that deep with what we have.""Can we use the tunnels the chimeras have already made?" Joe asked."If you even get close, the chimeras will try to kill you," Jeff warned, "They seem to be fiercely protective of their den.""The chimeras usually stayed close to the entrance," Sam said, "When I was down deep I didn't see any. If we could get into those deeper tunnels, we might have a chance at getting down to the water without them seeing us.""How do we do that?" Wes asked skeptically."Lets dig a tunnel into their den," Joe offered."Its going to take a lot of work to dig a tunnel into their den," Jeff said."But it will be easier than digging a well all the way down," Joe said. "Well dig a tunnel," Gavin said, "While Cliff goes in search of surface water at the same time. Cliff, you can take one other person with you, but we cant spare many men or the tunnel will take forever. Hopefully well come up with some water by the time our tanks are dry."Everyone nodded slowly."Okay," Gavin said, "Lets get to work!"***That evening, Jeff took his men to scout out the den of the Diamondbacks. He took two of the Blue-tip chimeras and spears they had made out of straight metal pipes. They had fastened a thermal knife to the end of each pipe. They took water and lizard skins. The skins kept them warm as the sharp cold settled over the darkened landscape. They also took Purple Man lanterns, and grappling hooks. The men were determined to find a good spot to start the tunnel, but were ready for a fight. They knew the Diamondbacks would not be happy if the men got close to their den. Jeff rode on the first chimera and was kept busy trying to control the beast. Frank sat behind him with a lantern and a spear. Next came Joe riding his chimera with Sam seated behind him. The stars began to peek through the darkening curtain of sky as the chimeras rhythmically swayed under the men. A small crescent moon moved through the sky. The moonlight lit the wide, flat valley dimly as they traveled through it.Suddenly, Jeffs chimera jumped in its tracks. The men hung on and they quickly scanned around them to see why. Frank held up the lantern and they saw the dim reflection of three pairs of eyes ahead of them. Then the eyes darted towards them. The chimera under Jeff leapt backwards so violently that it tossed the lantern out of Franks hand. It clattered to the ground. Frank clumsily gripped his spear and gripped the chimera with his feet to keep his seat. Jeff brought it under control. Now they could see three Diamondback chimeras approaching them from three sides. "Diamondbacks!" Jeff shouted, "Stay together and use your spears!"Joe brought his chimera up closer to Jeffs and saw a Diamondback rushing towards Jeffs left side. He kicked his chimera forward and Sam got up in a crouch with his spear, looking over Joes head. Just as the Diamondback lunged through the air to attack Jeffs animal, Sam thrust the spear forward and caught it with the spear just under the neck. The shimmering blade thrust deep into the Diamondback. Joes Blue-tip chimera shrieked and grabbed the injured Diamondback in its jaws. Sam pulled out his spear and the Blue-tip flung the limp body to the side."I didnt expect our lizard to fight," Joe yelled as his Blue-tip shrieked again.The other two Diamondbacks leapt at Jeffs chimera from the other direction. Frank swung the spear over his head, slashing one Diamondback over the back and then jabbed at the other. Frank must have hit the second one as well because it hissed loudly and leapt away.The two remaining Diamondbacks quickly pulled back as Joe came up beside Jeff to face them. The Diamondbacks turned and scrambled a quick retreat through the wide plain. "After them!" Jeff shouted, and they kicked their chimeras. The large beasts lunged forward, rising up higher on their front legs. Their rear legs pounded the dusty ground under them as they sped forward. The men hung on with all their might as the chimeras dodged around scrubby bushes and bounced up and down over hills and ravines. The huge chimeras seemed to bounce off mounds and plow through shrubs. Soon they lunged down into a large dry riverbed with a sickening drop. Now the Blue-tips saw and smelled the Diamondbacks in front of them and surged forward over the sand and packed dirt. Jeffs chimera came up beside one of the Diamondbacks, which darted wildly as they approached it. Frank crouched up behind Jeff, readying his spear. When they got close again, the wounded Diamondback didnt dart away for several moments. During those seconds, Frank hurled the spear with all of his might. The spear hit right in front of the powerful hind leg of the Diamondback, sending it sprawling. Jeffs steed wheeled around so quickly that it threw off Jeff and Frank, who tumbled through the sand, coughing and panting. They climbed to their feet and drew their knives. Their Blue-tip was staring straight at the wounded Diamondback. In a lightning quick lunge, it grabbed the Diamondback by the side of the neck. The Diamondback tried to bite back at the big Blue-tips neck, but couldn't. After a few moments, it died. Then the second Diamondback came galloping up from behind, with Joes chimera quick on its heels. When the Diamondback saw Jeff and Frank standing in the middle of the riverbed, it turned and darted towards them with its mouth open. Joes animal gained on it with a few powerful strides and Sam pinned the beast to the ground through its back. Joes chimera finished it off.The four men stood in the twilight for a while, panting and smiling. "I didnt expect the Blue-tip lizards to fight so hard," Joe said. "They seemed pretty peaceful before." "Without their help, we couldnt have done it," Sam said, patting his steed on its flank."I think they are beginning to trust us more," Jeff said as he walked up to his chimera and grabbed its reins. ***By the next morning, Jeff returned with his chimeras loaded with meat and skins. They also had good news."During the coldest part of the night," Frank explained to the others, "Our chimeras got pretty sluggish and weak. We left them under an overhanging rock and went on without them. We scouted around the Diamondback tunnel entrance. During the cold part of the night and during the hottest part of the day, the Diamondbacks stay underground, just inside the entrance. We were able to walk around the den at a distance without any interference. We found a good place to start digging our tunnel in a thicket of bushes.""Looks like you saw some action, too," Chuck said, pointing at their bundles of meat and lizard skin. "Yeah, we did," Joe responded, "but we came out on top, thanks to our lizards."***By noon, Jeff was back on the ridge near the Diamondbacks den with his men and more supplies. They watched the entrance of the chimera hole for a while before he gave the signal to move ahead. The blinding heat of the sun beat down on them and the men sweated profusely as they struggled down the rocks with their chimeras in tow. Their large Blue-tip chimeras were having difficulty in the hot sun. All of the other chimeras were resting in their cool tunnels underground. The Diamondbacks were in their holes too, giving the men a perfect opportunity to move closer. The designated spot for their tunnel entrance was in a large grove of desert bushes and scrub that was about a hundred feet from the Diamondbacks den. "This is going to be the worst part," Jeff called to his men as they unloaded tools from their chimeras. "Were going to have to dig a hole in the heat of the day, and it will have to be deep enough to stay hidden when the Diamondbacks come out in the evening."The men wiped the sweat off of their foreheads and started digging with their shovels. The first layer of dirt was loose dust and sand, and was easy to shovel aside. Just under that layer was a layer of very hard dirt that was packed and sun-baked. They hacked at that layer until they were exhausted, collapsing in the meager shade of the bushes to drink warm water out of their lizard skin bags. As soon as they gained their strength again, they went back to work. It was miserable. Fortunately, the sun-hardened clay didnt go down forever, and they soon broke through to soft, gravelly dirt that was much easier to dig through. It was cool and moist and they soon got down several more feet. The hole was square with five-foot sides.After they got four feet down, another group of men arrived from the Shark to help them out. They brought more supplies and water. Jeffs men relaxed beside the hole as the other men started digging. The hole was deep enough that they started hauling up the dirt in buckets and dumping the moist dirt in piles around the desert grove. By late afternoon, the Diamondbacks began to come up onto the hot desert surface to sun themselves."The Diamondbacks are going to be active soon," Jeff said, "Wed better cover up the hole and get everyone out of here."***The shaft was now eight feet deep and the men had to go up and down a makeshift ladder. They stashed a bunch of their tools in the bottom, put a large metal sheet over the hole, and covered the sheet with dirt and sticks. The Diamondbacks were starting to move by the time they left in a caravan of four Blue-tip chimeras. The Diamondbacks followed them slowly. One of the Diamondbacks got close to the last chimera that Javier was riding. Javier tapped Denz on the shoulder and showed Denz his grappling hook before he fired it at the Diamondback. The hook streaked through the hot desert air, its cable sizzling as it unwound. It hit the Diamondback in the leg and stuck fast. The Diamondback jumped and twisted and tried to pull away, but Javier anchored the cable to his own chimeras harness. Their Blue-tip pulled and strained and held the Diamondback from running away. Jeff and Frank turned their chimera around and approached the Diamondback cautiously. When they got close enough, the desperate Diamondback lunged at them fiercely. Jeffs Blue-tip jumped aside and dodged the attack, and Frank put his spear through the Diamondbacks heart. The other Diamondbacks kept their distance now, but the men knew they were only timid because they were still sluggish from sleeping through the heat of the day. Jeff called out for them to keep moving. They didnt have time to clean the dead Diamondback, so Frank fired another grappling hook into the dead Diamondback and they helped Javier and Denz drag the Diamondback back toward the Shark. They knew Wes would be happy to use it for meat and skins.***The work proceeded slowly that first day. The long trips to and from the Shark wasted a lot of the time they could have used in digging. However, after the second day they had a large enough hole that some men could stay in the shaft during the times when the Diamondbacks were most active, which was at dawn and dusk. They constructed a ventilation shaft and brought an air pump so they could have air to breathe while they were sealed inside the underground hole. They brought lights and sleeping bags, and some ladders. The men in the hole slept when the Diamondbacks were out, and then worked during the heat of the day and the cold of the night. They dug twenty feet down, placing platforms at intervals. For each bucket load of dirt they dug up, there was a bucket load they had to haul up to the surface. Dirt was constantly spilling and being kicked down on the men in the bottom of the shaft. They always finished their shift with sand in their hair and teeth. Fortunately, the hole was cool and comfortable compared to the surface, where the men either sweated or froze as they hauled up the heavy buckets of dirt.After they reached twenty feet down they began to dig horizontally. They decided to make the horizontal tunnel just two feet high and two feet wide to reduce the amount of dirt they had to haul out. The men spent a few minutes digging at the tunnel face, and then they spent most of their time scooping the loose dirt into a cart and pulling it to the vertical shaft, where the dirt was scooped into a bucket and hauled to the surface. Soon the tunnel was ten feet long and so dark they couldnt see at the end. The men had to bring headlamps so that they could see in the darkness. They also had to put in a ventilation pipe along one corner of the tunnel to bring in fresh air. The excitement grew as the tunnel got farther and farther along. After fifty feet they dug a chamber big enough so that the men could turn around. While some men dug, other men hunted and gathered food.***Krid Zaff stepped slowly across the hull of the abandoned Tonn ship in his magnetic boots. He stooped down to look at the top hatch of the craft. "Lang," Krid called on his intercom, "The Reds have been here. Look, there are glove prints in the dust on the edge of the hatch.""Good," Lang said excitedly, "We have found the trail at last!""Yes, we have, but I am beginning to get nervous. The Reds are leading us into the middle of nowhere. We dont have any of this area mapped. We are almost on the other side of the rift by now.""Shall we head back then?" Lang asked."No," Krid said, standing up straight. "We must find them."***Cliff reached over and shook Jose awake. Jose stretched and looked around. They were in a shallow hole dug into the dirt of a steep embankment. Their two chimeras were sitting motionless in the hole behind them, with the fading light of day in front of them. "Time to get moving," Cliff said quietly."Right," Jose said, gathering up his things and rolling his bedroll. Cliff crawled out into the evening air and looked around. "Were almost to those mountains," Cliff said, "I bet we can make it there tonight. If theres water anywhere, I bet it will be in the mountains."***Jose climbed out of the shallow den and brushed off his clothes. He looked around him. The sun was setting behind barren hills. Its orange glow lit up jagged black mountains in the east. In the west, rays of light pierced through the openings in low canyons and orange and pink clouds hovered motionless over the distant horizon.Jose helped Cliff lead the chimeras out of the temporary hole the beasts had dug instinctively that morning to hide from the blazing sun. After leading the animals out, the two men loaded the gear on them. They didnt carry much, just coats and blankets and lots of skins filled with water. They had spears and other weapons they also lashed onto the backs of the chimeras. Once the gear was loaded, they let the animals smell the special bags of scent. That helped calm the chimeras before the men hopped onto the back of the first.Cliff kicked the beast forward and they began their jolting journey. The chimeras seemed to move in fits and starts. They would quickly scramble to a low mound and then stop to look around and smell the air. Cliff helped guide them with the reins and Jose scanned the surrounding terrain.They moved quickly on the chimeras and after several hours in the long twilight, they arrived at a ridge of rocky mountain peaks. The peaks were splinters of sharp rock jutting up out of the ground. Steep, ravine-scarred slopes led up to the faces of the craggy peaks. Cliff led the chimeras up a large canyon. As they climbed up the canyon, it narrowed and grew steeper. A rocky gorge cut through the bottom. They continued up the side slope of the canyon until they got to the summit. They rested on the rough grass growing on the saddle and looked out into the valley beyond. The mountain range curved away from them into the darkening twilight. Its slopes swept out into a large flat basin that extended almost out of sight. On the horizon the black mountains were now much closer."Id bet that theres water there," Cliff said to Jose."Wait a minute," Jose said suddenly, pulling out his binoculars, "That looks like a building down there!"Jose looked through the binoculars and gasped at what he saw. "Look, down there," he said excitedly, handing the binoculars to Cliff."It does look like some buildings," Cliff said."Thats strange, I thought no one else lived here," Jose wondered to himself."Lets get closer for a better look," Cliff suggested. They jumped on their chimera and kicked it forward, pulling the second on a lead rope. They started down the other side of the jagged mountains and headed into the darkening shadows. After a minute, the terrain blocked the view of the cluster of small, round buildings they had sighted. They continued in the same direction for about an hour. The stars were beginning to come out, and Cliff gazed up at them."I think its strange," Cliff said to Jose as they continued, "To be in a place with such different stars. Were a long way from home.""It seems awful lonely," Jose agreed, "Our own Sun is so far we cant even see it. It has a kind of thrill, though, in spite of the loneliness.""Its almost unbelievable to think that we are the first people from Earth to see this valley. Always before, wherever I went, I knew that someone else had been there before. Well, no one has been here before."They came up onto a low rise and saw the buildings, now several hundred yards away."Maybe someone has been here before, Cliff," Jose said, "Someone had to have built those huts."Several low, round buildings were nestled in a small hollow. The remains of aging wooden roofs sagged between their low walls. Cliff and Jose dismounted and walked breathlessly up to the buildings. The air hung still and cold around the ancient rock walls. "I wonder if anyone lives here," Cliff said.The two men circled one of the buildings and found an entrance. Withered wooden posts framed a wide, black doorway. Sand covered steps led down into the circular chamber. The floor of the chamber was several feet below the ground level. Cliff flipped on his light, and they gingerly walked down the stairs into the black room. Their light crept out and dimly illuminated the chamber. A pile of gnarled wood was to one side of the room with a charred stone hearth next to it. No other sign of life could be seen. In the center of the chamber was another set of wide, dark stairs leading into the ground."Shall we check it out?" Cliff asked.Jose paused, feeling his heart beating."Lets do it," he replied finally.They walked side by side down the stairs, followed by a shimmering circle of light. The stairs kept going deeper and deeper into the gloom. Cliff noticed on the walls as they passed through different layers of gravel and dirt. After several minutes, they turned to look back. A dim gray square of evening light behind them marked the entrance to the dark stairway. Finally they came to a flat corridor made of rock. They walked along it for several yards and then Jose noticed something on the floor. He stooped to look at it. "Cliff," Jose said, "Check this out! The rock floor has been carved to look like something." Jose wiped the sand from the floor. A picture emerged from the sand. "It looks like a woman," Jose said, "A human woman.""Yes," Cliff said excitedly, "Shes holding a container in her hands." "I see it," Jose replied. "But what is she holding the container up to?""I cant tell," Cliff said, stooping to hold his light close. "Is it a dog?" Jose worked to remove loose rocks and dirt from the edge of the picture, which was almost up to the wall."You know what?" Jose said suddenly after he blew off the last of the dust and sand, "It looks like a huge ant. See, the carving continues up the wall, too." The two men followed the design up the wall. "I wonder if it is on the ceiling, too," Jose asked.Cliff turned his light up toward the ceiling. It was about nine feet up and all gnarled and convoluted in the dim light. Cliff felt his eyes widen and he gasped. His stomach leaped up into his chest. The ceiling was moving! Silent shadows writhed and jerked around. The shadows coalesced into distinct shapes. A writhing, crawling mass of huge ants was just a few feet above their upturned faces. The heads of the ants were almost as big as a mans, and their bent, hairy legs were several feet long. Scimitar-like mandibles silently opened and shut and antennae flicked all around.The two men ducked and crouched down close to the floor to get away from the ceiling. Cliff panted a few times into the dust on the floor and slowly turned his head to look over his shoulder. His light was lying on the floor and only illuminated the wall. The hidden mass of ants was in the darkness and a few seemed to move randomly down onto the lit portion of the wall a few feet from Jose. Suddenly the whole circle of light on the wall was filled with the glistening, silent forms of giant ants, antennae flailing around ahead of them.Cliff snatched up his light and ran, stooping low to the floor. He had never felt such an urgent need to get out into the open air. It was like claustrophobia. His body flew over the rough stones of the floor as his mind imagined the ants dropping down on him and crawling over him. His heart pounded as he reached the stairs. He stole a glimpse back and saw Jose running just behind him, wide-eyed and desperate. Then, in an instant, they were at the stairs and shot up them like two rockets. Cliff saw two ants on the stairs ahead of him. Cliff sprinted forward and ran around the ants with a new burst of speed, his feet barely touching the corners of the stairs as he rushed with all his might. He tripped several times on the steps, but was on his feet in an instant. Then he suddenly burst into the round chamber and shot through the dim doorway into the cold, crisp air outside. He kept going, leaping over bushes and rocks with heady speed, until he finally stopped on a large, flat rock. Jose was beside him in an instant, crouching over and panting heavily. They turned to make sure they werent being followed. Nothing could be seen behind them except low black bushes in the deepening night. "Do you think they...will follow us?" Jose asked between gasps."I dont know," Cliff said, staring hard to try and penetrate the darkness between them and the circular buildings, which were silhouetted by stars."Im getting out of here," Jose said. "Where are the lizards?""I dont know," Cliff answered, "But I agree. Lets get out of here. We can come back when its light and get the chimeras."They wandered through the darkness, jumping at shadows and rustling branches. Finally they got back to the saddle. The adrenaline had worn off and left only fatigue in its place. They fell to the ground in the middle of the wide, grassy saddle to sleep. The dim moonlight faintly lit the grass and the two men slept fitfully. Cliff must have snapped awake a hundred times during the night, being jolted awake by a sound just as he had drifted off to sleep. Finally, a gray light grew from behind the black mountain range. Dawn was coming. The light spread and lit up the landscape around the two men, lying shivering in their thin lizard skin jackets. A new courage and comfort flooded over them with the light and they breathed easy and free. Hunger and thirst led them quickly toward the low buildings and their chimeras. The sun lit the floor of the valley before they reached it. Their two chimeras were basking on the rocks in the sunlight. As they got closer, they noticed something strange. Black, bent sticks were lying all around their animals. Closer inspection showed the sticks to be ant legs."The lizards must have eaten some of the ants," Jose said, picking up an ant leg."These lizards keep surprising me," Cliff said."Boy, well sure have a good story to tell the rest at the Shark," Jose said. "Ive never run so fast in my life.""Me neither," Cliff answered. "When we were going up the stairs, I saw those ants on the way up. I could have shot straight up a thirty-foot wall. I feel a little better now.""I still wouldnt care to hang around here for long, though," Jose said, "Lets gather up everything and get out of here."They walked around to pick up gear that had fallen off the chimeras during the night, lashed it all on, and got on their way. By the time the blazing sun forced them to halt, it looked like they would make it to the black mountains after their next march in the evening. ***Joe was almost covered in damp earth. It was covering one of his legs and an arm. He hacked at the dirt face in front of him with his free hand, spilling more dirt down on himself. Finally, the muscles in his free arm could take it no longer and he slumped down on the mound of dirt in front of him. He rested for a while, feeling the cool dirt on the side of his face and watching the bobbing light from his headlamp on the wall as he panted. After a few minutes, he heard Sams voice. Sams light crept down the tunnel toward him until it merged with his own. Sams face had a dirty smile and was streaked with sweat. Joe heaved himself up on his knees and shoved back piles of dirt toward Sam, who pushed a cart up to Joes feet and then scooped dirt into it. "I can't believe you're doing so well on just one leg," Joe said. "When I'm crawling, it's almost easier not to have anything below my knee."Soon Sam was gone again, backing down the tunnel away from Joe."I hate backing up," Sam mumbled to himself angrily, but he still had to do it. There was no way to turn around in the cramped tunnel. Joe turned back to the face of the tunnel and picked up his digger. He jabbed at the upper left corner of the face and felt the digger slide effortlessly into the dirt all the way to the handle. The dirt was usually much harder to penetrate than that. He must have broken through. The dirt crumbled away as Joe pulled out the digger and felt the new hole with his hands. His headlamp wouldnt shine all the way through the hole, but he felt a puff of air coming through it."Sam," Joe called in a hushed yell, "Sam, we finally found a tunnel!"Sams muffled complaints stopped."The lizard tunnel?" Sam called excitedly."Yeah!" Joe replied. Joe backed up a few feet and then began packing dirt against the face of the tunnel and covered up the hole with several feet of fresh dirt. He wanted to seal it up for now. Then he stabbed his digger into the ground and backed down the tunnel. After many yards he got to a small chamber where he could turn around and go headfirst. He crawled past a spot that had caved in on him earlier. Now it was braced with boards taken from supply crates in the Shark. He crawled through another small chamber and finally began to see some natural light. When he got near the shaft, brilliant sunlight slanted down in front of him. When his head poked into the shaft itself, the light temporarily blinded him. The other men were already gathered in the bottom of the shaft, cheering about the good deeds. Everyone slapped Joe on his dirt-covered back. ***"Lizards coming!" shouted the lookout on the Shark.Several men jumped out of the top hatch and stood on top of the Shark to look. It was almost dark and the dim shapes of two chimeras could be seen approaching the Pinak."Theyve got riders," a man shouted, "It must be Cliff coming back!"Cliff shouted at them, as he got closer. Soon the lookout could see that all of Cliffs water bags were empty."He must not have found water," the lookout grumbled. "That means the tunnel operation is our only chance."That night, the crew of the Shark gathered in the bright lights of the equipment bay. There, they planned out the big operation to steal water from the chimera tunnels. Cliff hadnt found water, so the den of the Diamondbacks was the only place they knew of that had water. Everything else was prepared for their departure except for that. They had gathered and preserved enough food for the journey and the Shark was in top condition.***The next day the men spent getting all in preparation for the operation. They checked their weapons and their faithful Blue-tip chimeras. They also collected enough hoses to run along the length of the tunnel and some extra to get down to the water level from there. Joe and Sam were chosen to dig out the last few feet of the tunnel and get the hose laid down to the water level. They were taken to the tunnel on chimeras and sealed inside during the heat of the day when the Diamondbacks were all underground. A water pump was lowered into the base of the shaft after them. The job of Joe and Sam and the others was now to wait until the next dawn, which would be 36 hours later. ***Joe and Sam waited tensely in the hole. Joe was lying at the far end of the tunnel, ready to begin digging at any moment. The hose was coiled up behind him like a rattlesnake as thick as a mans arm. Sam was in the bottom of the shaft, manning the water pump and waiting for the signal to begin digging. Joe pulled out some dried chimera meat to chew on. Outside on the surface, the sun was up and the air was already warm. The Diamondbacks were outside on the surface, foraging for food. The air was as still as death, with not even a breeze to rustle the dry plants. Heat waves were starting to boil off of the desert floor and create mirages on the flat plains.Then, a low rumbling came from far away. Some of the Diamondbacks stirred and sniffed the air. The rumbling grew to a roar and a high-pitched whine. Something emerged from behind ridges in the distance. It was the Shark. It came skimming slowly over the desert floor until it neared the grove that hid the tunnel. It hovered above the grove and maneuvered slowly before coming down just beside the grove.Down in the tunnel, Sam heard the rumbling and shouted at Joe."Lets go!" he called.Sam grabbed the end of a hose and slung it over his shoulder, carrying it up the ladders to the top. Then he opened a hatch into the fresh air above and shoved the end of the hose out onto the ground. Once he was sure that the hose wouldnt fall back down, he leapt down the ladders and scrambled down the tunnel after Joe. Meanwhile, Joe took a deep breath, touched the hilt of his thermal knife for reassurance, and began digging.***The Shark settled to the ground with a rumble. At the instant that the ship stopped, Diamondback chimeras rushed toward it to attack. They didn't like anything getting that close to their den. The equipment bay doors opened and five Blue-tip chimeras rushed out into the sun from both sides of the ship. Two men rode on the back of each of the chimeras. Wes brandished his spear and yelled at the top of his lungs. The five Blue-tips were wheeled around into a line facing the Diamondback den, and then they all surged forward with a shout. As they galloped forward, they met the charging Diamondbacks. The battle had begun. One of the Diamondbacks leapt up and sank its teeth into the neck of Gavins chimera. Riding just behind Gavin, Jose swatted it off with his spear and then Frank, who was riding Jeff's chimera nearby, finished it off. The Diamondbacks were outnumbered and retreated back to their den. One Diamondback came from the side. Javier wheeled his chimera around and his spearman, Denz, met the foe by thrusting at it with his spear. The Diamondback leapt back, landing in a crouch out of range of the spear. Denz pulled out his grappling hook gun and fired a hook into the Diamondbacks leg. Then he dragged the enemy closer until his Blue-tip could finish it off.Then, all of a sudden they were within a few yards of the hole, with no enemy in sight."What do we do now?" Javier asked. "We didnt think we could kill them all.""We didnt," Jeff replied. "Theres more."Jeff was right. Chimera after chimera began pouring out of the Diamondbacks tunnel, rushing at the attackers in a wild throng."Fall back and draw them away!" Jeff shouted as they met the charge. Then all became a blur of crashing bodies, grunts, shrieks, and leaping animals. Now the Blue-tips were vastly outnumbered and the men riding them had trouble controlling their terrified animals. Frank slammed his spear into a Diamondback that leaped up at him from the side, knocking it away. Then he smacked a Diamondback on the other side with the butt of his spear. They kept coming."Use your spear too!" Frank yelled to Jeff as the attackers sank their teeth into the Blue-tip chimera. Jeff dropped the reins and unsheathed his own weapon, driving off one Diamondback and leaving the other dead. Then their Blue-tips began leaping and twisting in the air, ripping and tearing the enemy chimeras while Frank and Jeff hung on for their lives.Gavin and Jose found themselves in a quiet area between some shrubs. Gavin panted for a few seconds, unsheathed his own spear and then kicked his lizard out into the open, holding the reins and his spear. Diamondbacks leapt at them from both sides. Jose killed one in mid air, but was hit in a glancing blow by a leaping foe from the other side. With a yell, he tumbled off the Blue-tip and landed sprawling in the dust. The Diamondback came to rest on the back of Gavins Blue-tip chimera and sank its teeth into its scaly back. Gavin spun around and thrust his spear deep into its side. The Diamondback fell onto the ground, snapping at the air and twisting about until it died. Gavin leaned down and grabbed Joses arm, dragging him back onto the Blue-tip. As Jose scrambled up the smooth scales of the chimeras flank, Gavin saw a Diamondback coming from behind. Before Gavin had time to wheel his chimera around to face it, the Diamondback latched onto the Blue-tips tail. The Blue-tip sprang forward, almost spilling Gavin and Jose on the ground. Its blue-tipped tail ripped off in the jaws of the Diamondback, leaving only a stub. The Blue-tip chimera didnt seem to be hurt, though. Gavin and Jose jumped into their seats again and Gavin kicked the Blue-tip in a galloping arc that brought them back in sight of the entrance to the Diamondback den. "Its working!" Gavin shouted, "Were drawing away all of the lizards after us!" The Diamondbacks were pursuing the Blue-tips all over the valley, leaving none behind in their tunnels.***Joe burst through the last of the dirt wall separating their tunnel from the chimera den. Then he rushed forward, with Sam close behind him. The light from his headlamp waved around the tunnels wildly as he searched for a passage down to the water level. Sam lugged huge coils of hose through the tunnel.Joe scrambled as fast as he could through the maze of tunnels, finally slipping to a halt in mud at the bottom of a wide passageway. He pulled out a small shovel and began scooping out a hole in the watery dirt. Each time he shoveled dirt out of the hole, water quickly filled its place. He worked quickly and soon had a hole several feet deep, filled with water.He crawled back to find Sam and help him drag the hose toward the hole.***Outside, the battle began to turn against the men and their chimeras. The Diamondbacks were worked into a frenzy by the blood. It was all the men could do just to hang on as the Blue-tips turned and fled along a dry riverbed. The Diamondbacks came close behind. Finally, the men persuaded the Blue-tips to turn and fight. By now, the slower Diamondbacks had begun to tire after the long chase. They didnt seem to be as voracious now that their den was left so far behind. After a short skirmish, the Diamondbacks retreated until they were out of range and waited in the sun.The men loosened their grips on their chimera harnesses to breathe and drink a little water. The men were all tired and their chimeras were slashed and bleeding. The respite was a welcome relief for all.After a few minutes waiting and watching, some of the Diamondbacks began to drift back and head to their den. Jeff pulled out his radio."Chuck," he called into it, "Do you read me?""I read you. Im here on the top of the Shark.""Do you have the water yet?""No, I dont have any water yet."Jeff looked over at Gavin with a worried expression."They dont have the pipe laid yet," he said."And the Diamondbacks are headed back to their den," Gavin said, "Wed better go back to keep the Diamondbacks from going down into their hole and catching Joe and Sam in the act of stealing their water."The men looked around at their haggard and weary condition. They were tired, but it didnt matter. They had to charge back into the fight. They kicked their Blue-tips forward and crashed into a group of Diamondbacks in the middle of the riverbed. First, one Diamondback went down, then another. Some Diamondbacks came back to renew the fight, but others didnt turn around. They kept going back to the den."Weve got to stop those lizards from going back!" Jeff yelled as his chimera charged and wheeled about to fight off its nearest enemies. "Javier, follow me!"Jeff kicked his chimera into a charge out of the frenzied mass of chimeras and up out of the riverbed onto a low sandy bank, with Javier's chimera following after him. Then Cliff saw two Diamondbacks following right behind Javier. Cliff kicked his chimera up the slope to stop them from getting Javier. On the chimeras back behind Cliff, Wes fired a grappling hook with each hand, snaring each of the Diamondbacks and pulling them back. Javier waved thanks with his hand and then galloped away over the desert floor. He and Jeff surged forward until they saw the group of Diamondbacks that were heading back to their den."Lets get em!" Javier shouted.***Joe came within ten feet of the water hole before the hose snapped tight and then wouldnt budge."Is it caught anywhere?" he asked Sam."No!" Sam yelled back."We dont have enough hose then!" Joe called.Sam shook his head in disbelief. "This cant be happening," he said. Joe came back towards Sam with two small shovels."Heres your shovel back," Joe said, sliding the shovel up the passageway to Sam."Were going to have to cut some of the corners of the tunnels down," Joe continued, "We might be able to get the hose to reach if we cut out some of the zigzags."Sam, who barely had enough room to crouch on his knees, gripped his shovel in both hands and swung it at a corner with all his strength. Joe scrambled past him and got to work on another bend in the passageway that turned almost at a right angle.***Javier and Jeff charged into the Diamondbacks, sending them scattering in all directions. Javier brought one down and Jeff wounded several others before the Diamondbacks collected themselves and came at them from all sides. Jeff and Javier dropped their reins and jabbed and swung their spears alongside their riders, Frank and Denz.Frank thrust his spear deep into one Diamondback, killing it instantly. Then he couldnt pull the spear out. Just in front of him, Jeff swung his spear at another enemy, who caught the weapon in its jaws. As the two men struggled to free their weapons, two more Diamondbacks attacked. Frank dropped his spear and fired a grappling hook, catching one Diamondback in the eye and killing it in midair. Jeff could do nothing as the last Diamondback snapped its jaws on the side of their chimeras neck. The weary Blue-tip struggled to shake it off but finally dropped to the ground and died. Frank jumped off their dead steed and stepped on the dead Diamondback to pull his spear out. Then he killed the Diamondback that was still gripping the dead Blue-tips throat. Finally Jeff shook the other enemy off of his spear and the last Diamondback fled.Javier rode his wearied steed up to the side of Jeffs dead Blue-tip."Hop on," Javier said. "Lets head back to the Shark."Jeff and Frank scrambled on the back of the chimera and held on with all they had as the lizard-like creature loped away toward the Diamondback den and the Shark.They soon met up with the rest of the men. They came back with just two of their three chimera steeds."They took one of our lizards down," Wes explained, "And the Diamondbacks all turned to eating it. The dratted lizards didnt want to play with us anymore, so we left.""At least it didnt look like they would be going back to their hole to cause any more problems," Gavin added.As the three remaining Blue-tips came in sight of the Shark, they saw three more Diamondbacks going toward the entrance to their den."Chuck," Jeff called again on the intercom, "Do you have the water yet?""Still no water," came the reply.Jeff tapped Javier on the shoulder."Lets do it again," Jeff said. Javier looked back with a wearied look, but saw the determination in Jeff's eyes. In spite of his thirst and weariness, Javier knew that they had to save Joe and Sam from getting caught by the chimeras down in the tunnels below. He nodded and kicked his animal forward again. Behind Javier and Jeff on the animals back, Frank and Denz yelled at the top of their lungs as they came forward to the battle one more time. Their shout drew one of the Diamondbacks in their direction. As their steed hurtled forward with its last strength, the Diamondback met its approach head on. The Blue-tip rose up on its forelegs to meet the attack, but the smaller Diamondback slipped in between its forelegs and then lunged up at the Blue-tip from below. It sank its teeth into the Blue-tips neck and the dying Blue-tip staggered and fell over on its side. The four men on its back spilled off into the dirt and bushes of the desert. The victorious Diamondback then leapt at the men, who jumped back and raised their weapons.Jeff looked over at the entrance to the tunnels. Joe and Sam were still down there. The other two Diamondbacks were slowly walking to the entrance."Okay, men," Jeff said as they eyed the nearest Diamondback warily. "Lets take this blasted lizard together and draw off those other two before they go down the hole."The other three men nodded to signal their readiness. The large Diamondback stared at them angrily, its bloodied jaws half open. It seemed larger now that they were all on the ground with it instead of fighting it from on top of a Blue-tip."Go!" Jeff shouted. All four men dashed forward. Denz fired a grappling hook that snared one of the creatures legs. The others charged with their spears. The Diamondback backed up, pulling the hook and cable with it and dragging Denz to the ground. The other two Diamondbacks now had reached the entrance to the den and started down. They needed to kill this Diamondback quickly so they could stop the other two. Jeff ran after it, and flung his spear at it. As his spear flashed through the air, Jeff tripped and landed face first on the ground. The spear struck the Diamondback just above its shoulder and the thermal blade cut deep into the beast. The Diamondback shuddered, stood motionless for a few moments, and then fell over dead. Denz staggered to his feet, and let go of the cable of the grappling hook. The other three men charged toward the den after the last two Diamondbacks. Jeff looked up from the ground and watched the two lizards disappear into the black tunnel, then collapsed in the dirt. They were too late. Now it was up to Joe and Sam to defend themselves from the chimeras.***Joe was finally able to let the hose fall into the water with a satisfying splash. "It made it! Lets get outta here!" he yelled. He and Sam dashed back up the passageway, following the hose. Sam went in front with Joe close behind. As they came to an intersection, Joe glanced down the side passage and glimpsed a pair of glistening eyes. "Theres a lizard!" he gasped. The two men crawled as fast as they could as they fled. The chimera was close behind them. Joe glanced back just as it lunged for him, grabbing his foot in its jaws. Joe screamed and pulled his foot free. He didnt waste a moment before taking off down the tunnel again. Just as they reached the hole that led into their own tunnel, Joe turned around to see the chimera right behind him. Sam wriggled into their tunnel and turned to see if Joe would make it through. Joe scrambled back with his glowing thermal knife in his hand. He dodged to the side as the Diamondback struck at him. The chimera lunged at him again. Joe tried to duck and scramble backwards, but he fell back on the floor. As he lay on his back in the tunnel, his headlamp illuminated a patch of pebbly dirt filled with stones in the roof above him. Joe recognized this dirt because this same type of dirt had caved in before when they were digging their tunnel. One large stone hung half exposed in the middle of the patch. When the chimera jumped at him again, he kicked both legs straight up into the air and shoved with all his might on the exposed stone. It came loose and fell. With a crack, the rest of the pebbly soil came crashing down. It covered the chimera and Joe at the same time. Joes light was covered up, leaving the tunnel in darkness. Only Joes arm was visible, sticking out from under the dirt pile. "Joe!" Sam called desperately. "Dont be dead!"He flung aside dirt and rocks with his hands and uncovered Joes face. Joe gasped in air, then coughed and spit."Get me out," he whispered hoarsely. Sam scooped the dirt aside until he could pull Joe out."Lets get out of this hole. Whaddya say?" Sam asked as Joe struggled to his knees."I never want to see this place again," Joe spat.The two men looked back at the cave-in. The whole passageway was blocked off with dirt. Only the water hose penetrated the mass of dirt and rock."Lets hope the hose didnt get blocked," Sam mumbled, "Lets go."***When Joe and Sam came to the base of the shaft and turned on the water pump, they immediately heard shouts of joy from above. Dirt and dust fell on their heads as the men above slid open the cover to the shaft. Three heads poked into the bright square of sky above their heads. The men above looked down into the dim shaft and saw four white eyes looking up at them."Theyre alive!" someone shouted.Joe and Sam climbed up the ladders and dove into the open bay door of the waiting Shark. Several men with spears helped them on board."You got the water?" Gavin asked."Lets hope so," Joe answered. "Keep covering the door in case more Diamondbacks come," Gavin ordered. Then he and the two dirt-covered men went over to the engine room and waited by the end of the hose. Pumping sounds reverberated through the hose for several minutes as they waited for water to come out. "Nothing yet," Gavin said nervously. A few more anxious seconds followed. Finally, water gurgled and spattered out of the end of the hose. With a shout of delight, Gavin screwed the hose into the tank."We got water!" Sam shouted. "We did it!" Cheers reverberated through the whole ship. "We did it," Gavin said to himself with a smile.After the shouts died down, Wes patted one of the three surviving Blue-tip chimeras on the flank. After the battle, they had brought all of their Blue-tips back to the Shark for protection."We owe a lot to these guys," Wes said. "What are we going to do with them now?""I wish there was more we could do for them," Gavin said."There is," Cliff called out. "I know just the place for them. Ill guide you to it."***Several hours later, the Shark thundered over a jagged line of rocky peaks and came to a rest on the ground. "Ill be back in a few minutes," Cliff called as he led the three chimeras through the open bay door with Wes close behind."Where are we taking them?" Wes asked Cliff."Were taking them where theyll have enough food to last them for a long time," Cliff answered.Cliff brought the chimeras up to the entrance to a circular stone building. Wes loosed the lead ropes and patted the first chimera on the flank."You saved our lives, fellas," Wes said as he walked to the second chimera, "We owe you a lot." When Wes came to the last he stopped."Especially you, Silver," Wes said, his voice trembling a little. "I never could have had a more faithful friend. We sure did a lot together. I still remember the first day I rode you. Boy, that was a long time ago. Ill never forget you."Just then, a spindly, black creature crept out of the doorway of the circular building. The first chimera gobbled it up."What was that?" Wes asked."That is what giant lizards like to eat most," Cliff said, "Giant ants."Wes laughed in amazement. "Well, whaddya know!" he said, and then they turned to leave. "Adios, Silver!" Wes called.Cliff stooped before he climbed on board the Shark. He picked up a handful of dirt with his hand, and then turned to look behind him. The bright sun was shining on the jagged peaks, leaving sharp shadows in the rocks. It was an amazing sight. He let the dirt sift through his fingers with regret. He didnt want to leave.He jumped onto the Shark and watched out the bay door as the ship rose off the ground and thundered into the sky."Ill miss this place," Cliff said to himself, "It feels like home."   7"We need to know what were going to do with this freighter," Gavin said to the crew gathered in the bunkroom."Were short on men already," Jeff said, "and it will be an added problem if we are trying to man both ships.""There's some good equipment and food on the freighter. We cant just throw it all away," Jose commented."We can take part of it with us in the Shark," Jeff said."What would we do with the freighter then?" Javier asked."We could just leave it here," Frank suggested."Then the Purple Men could get it back," Cliff added.Denz suddenly spoke up."We'll have to scuttle it," Gavin translated for him, "We didnt capture an enemy ship just to let them have it back!""Good," Jeff said, "Then let's do it and get moving. We can't wreak havoc on the Purple Men by sitting around here all day."***Jeff checked over the new cargo in the equipment bay of the Shark before heading up to the cockpit. Gavin was already there, piloting the ship away from the freighter."The freighter should blow in a few seconds," Gavin told Jeff.A moment later the Shark shuddered and a Jeff saw flying gas and debris through the window."Thats another one down," Gavin called over the intercom so that everyone could hear, "Lets make the Jaka wish they never found Earth!" At this, everyone cheered."Bring 'em on!" Wes shouted.***In a few days, Cliff called from the telescope dome. "It looks like there's an Ion Course station is in sight," he called excitedly. "This must be an Ion Course branch line going to the mining district," Denz said."Wait, I see something else, too," Cliff said. "Get Denz up here." Denz rushed up to the telescope tower and Cliff let him look through the eyepiece."What is it?" Cliff asked in broken Purple Man."You're learning my language well," Denz said, and then turned to look in the eyepiece again, "It is a string of transport barges coming along the Ion Course from the mining district," Denz answered. "This could be our lucky day.""A string of transport barges is coming in on the Ion Course," Cliff called on the intercom. "It must be following the beam in to this station.""Gavin, the barges on the Ion Course will be easy targets," Denz told him, "They have a wicked cyber attack team, but that won't stop you if your computers are off. Also, they cant maneuver to avoid us. They have to stay on the beam. The only problem is that they are fast. We can only get up to their speed in short bursts before overheating our engines.""What are on board?" Cliff asked, speaking the Purple Man words badly."Probably some passengers, supplies, maybe even money!" Denz answered excitedly."Shall we capture it?" Jeff asked."If we do, we had better get moving, or well fall behind," Denz warned.Gavin flipped the switch to turn off the computers as the men rushed to their positions to man the engines. The Shark swung around and lurched forward with a blast from its engines. Javier watched from the lookout post on top of the Shark. "There's a long string of barges coming," he called over the intercom."Faster!" Denz urged Gavin, who told the men in the engine room to open up the throttle all the way."You have to use the maneuvering thrusters too!" Denz shouted as the roar from the engine room filled the ship. "Forward thrust on all of the maneuvering thrusters!" Gavin shouted. The men at the thrusters fired them and all of the crew felt the acceleration. The acceleration pulled the men toward the rear of the ship."I feel like I weigh 300 pounds!" Wes grunted."I thought you did weigh 300 pounds," Jose retorted.***"Sir!" a Purple Man officer called as he rushed to the engine room of the barge."Yes," the captain answered as he turned."A Pinak is close to the ion path ahead.""Do they know that they are close to the ion stream?""I dont think so.""Tell them to veer off."***Up in the cockpit, Gavin and Denz worked furiously to pilot the ship. Gavin would listen to Denzs instructions and then shout commands to the crew. They didnt seem to notice the radio crackle.***"What is your course, Pinak?" the desperate voice called in Purple Man. Calvin sat nearby and noticed the transmission."They calling us," he said to Denz in Purple Man. "I no understand. You talk.""I cant," Denz yelled over his shoulder as he leaned toward a window to get a better look. "Tell them something!""I cant talk to them!" Calvin protested."Yes, you can. Ive taught you lots of words!" Calvin shrugged and pushed the transmit button.***The captain turned to his officer, "Well, what did the Pinak say?" he asked."They just said, 'Soup,' sir," he answered."Soup?""Yes."***"Get the grappling hooks ready," Jeff called. Although he felt twice as heavy as he would on Earth, Jose pulled himself up along a wall of the bay and grabbed grappling hooks. He handed them to four of the others.***At his post, Javier saw the barges getting closer and bigger. Soon the first barge whipped past them and the bottom side of it was whizzing over Javiers head only ten yards away."Theyre right on top of us!" Javier yelled as he ducked.Gavin saw the first barge as it flew overhead. It was very long, narrow, and square-shaped, with tubing and equipment protruding on all sides. Denz looked at the computer screens and was making some calculations. "Almost to full speed," Gavin told Denz."Roll around so that the bay door faces it," Denz said.***The Purple Man officer reported to the anxious captain. "Sir, we didnt collide with it, but it is getting closer.""Do you have an image of it?" the barge captain asked."Here, sir," the officer pointed to a screen. They both looked at photograph of the Sharks blurred outline. "We got this image as we passed them." The Sharks painted mouth was barely visible."They must be the renegades," the barge captain concluded. "We'll be lucky if we live to see tomorrow."***Soon the second barge was cruising over the Shark. Now Javier could see the end of a long line of barges coming towards them, all connected to the first. The Shark started to roll gracefully over and began to catch up to the second barge. The men in the bay slid the door open and saw the barge mere yards in front of them. They readied their grappling hooks."Lets go, boys!" Jeff yelled, and they all fired their hooks, which curved outward and snapped onto the bottom of the barge. The cables whipped and flapped wildly as the barge and the Shark shifted back and forth. Then the men leapt out and drifted towards the barge. Soon they fell back to the end of their cables, which snapped tight, and they thumped into the side of the barge."Theyre on the barge," Calvin reported.Gavin nodded, wiping away the sweat."Were losing speed, Gavin," Denz said desperately as he strained to look out the window."I know!"The Shark began to lag behind. The engines were now screaming. Steam was drifting in the cockpit from behind them."We cant keep this up," Gavin shouted. The Shark was now losing ground fast. The second barge flew past, and then the third. The barges flashed by faster and faster until they all zipped by. The Shark curved away from the Ion Course and began to spin slowly."We lost them," Denz mumbled.***Clinging to the outside hull of the barge, Jeff forced a hatch open and heaved himself inside. He saw a Purple Man glance at him and then turn and run down a small corridor that went the length of the barge. Jeff turned and helped the others climb in.***Mabok shuddered and woke up. He grasped the arm of the padded seat of the passenger barge he was riding in. A guard was standing above him, holding out his hand. "Your papers!" he said louder. Other passengers were getting out their I.D. papers. Mabok felt instinctively for his I.D. card, and pulled it out. He glanced at it. His picture was on one side over a fake name. The guard grabbed it, turning it over curiously. "Hmm. Well do a check on this," he said and left.***The guards looked at the screen as Maboks records displayed. "Strange, this name must be false. He was supposed to be in the fleet that was lost at the Reds' planet!" "He must have jumped ship," the other said as he tapped the screen where the false name flashed."A miserable deserter." ***Fear gripped Mabok and he hoped that they hadnt found out his true identity. His family had not been able to leave their planet to meet him, so he got a false I.D. and risked the trip home. After what seemed like eternity, two guards came from the front of the aisle and headed towards him. They were carrying guns this time. Mabok clamped his eyes shut and he sat down deep in his chair. The guard who had taken his I.D. pointed towards him as they approached and the other readied his gun.At the last minute, the barge shuddered violently. Mabok saw a wave of gas fly by his window. What was going on? He gripped the seat ahead and readied himself to run from the guards in front of him, but two other guards came from behind. Now Mabok had no escape. There were guards in both directions. Another shudder shook the barge much more violently this time, and a siren went off. The guards were thrown to the floor with the blast and someone was shouting something. Mabok closed his eyes again. He waited for them to grab him, but felt nothing. He opened his eyes just in time to see the guards running away.Mabok let out a sigh of relief, but knew it wasnt over yet.***Jeff crouched behind a crate. The Purple Men guards were in full retreat and dashed through another barge airlock before turning to look back. "They're scared out of their pants and we haven't even fired at them yet," Wes said. "Let's see what this does," Jeff said. He popped his head up and fired. Wes and Jose did the same. A gas pipe ruptured near the two Purple Men, and they were blasted off the floor. The Purple guards got back on their feet and fled. Jeff reloaded his gun and the Reds jumped out and ran after them. ***Mabok wondered what was happening. The other passengers around him were whispering and guessing. The airlock door slammed open and five men in spacesuits raced up the aisle. There was a red cloth tied around the arm of each of the spacesuits. He glanced at one of their faces as they rushed past.Reds! Gunfire cut through the air and the passengers screamed and crouched behind their seats. Soon the Reds came sprinting back down the aisle, going back the way they had come. From opposite ends of the passenger barge, the Reds and the guards started firing at each other. Air started howling out of a hole in the barge wall. Blowers in the walls kicked in to compensate. A chunk of a seat shot past Maboks head as the shots continued to fly. After that near miss, Mabok found himself jumping to his feet. Before anyone could react, he scrambled down the car towards the Reds and leapt through the door at the end of the barge. He ran right into a Red and sent him sprawling. It was Wes. Wes looked at him in surprise."Mabok!" he stammered. Then they dashed down the hall together.Soon all of the Reds were in the last barge. "The Purple Men don't know it," Jeff said, "But there're enough of them to wipe us out easily. We'd better get outta here before they catch on." Mabok scrambled into a spacesuit as the Reds fought off the guards. Jeff forced a hatch open and waited while Jose climbed outside onto the outer hull of the barge. Jeff fired a shot through the door to keep the guards back. "Wheres the Shark?" Wes asked."I dont see it," Jose replied. "Theyre in the last car, Captain," the officer of the barge said as he held an intercom to his ear."They might hold the treasure for ransom," the barge captain said. "Tell the men to be careful not to hit it.""Yes, sir."***The gun battle raged on. Mabok flipped some switches. The tunnel connecting their barge to the next swung loose. Mabok slid over beside Jeff and tapped his helmet. Mabok tried to motion with his hands that he was going outside. Jeff shrugged and let him go out. Mabok climbed along the outside of the barge and leapt into the space between it and the next barge. There was a hitch connecting the two barges and power cables stretching between the two. Mabok disconnected the thick power cables by pulling the plugs apart. Then he pulled a lever on the hitch. The barge lurched and a blast of gas shot out from the hitch as it popped loose. The Reds watched their barge slow down and begin to fall behind the rest of the string of barges. ***Denz was the first to climb into the captured barge after the Shark rendezvoused with it. He scrambled among the cargo containers as the Reds greeted each other and talked about what had happened."Its the insignia of the treasury!" he shouted excitedly, pointing to the markings on one of the containers. He pried open the container. He was talking so fast that the others couldnt catch his words. Small gray cylinders floated out, and Denz chuckled gleefully. "We got a full load headed for the Jaka home planet." "Whats so valuable about these little cylinders?" Gavin asked dubiously."The fusion gas in them is extremely expensive," Denz answered. "With one of these cylinders in your pocket, you'd never have to work again." Gavin then noticed Mabok. "Mabok?" Gavin asked doubtfully, "What are you doing here?""I guess Im with you for good," Mabok answered.Denz laughed and patted him on the back. "Now theres another Purple Man to keep me company!" he said, "They dont have any idea how much this is worth," he whispered into Maboks ear as he pointed to the containers. "Let's get a tow line hooked up to the barge and get out of here," Denz said. "We only have a few hours before they come back with reinforcements.""We've got to blow the barge up," Jeff said as he looked out of the cockpit window, "We can't tow it around forever, and we don't have enough room to carry the treasure.""Right," Cliff said."You can't blow up the cylinders!" Denz said, "You'd be wasting a fortune!""So what do we do with the cylinders?" Jeff asked as he turned around in his cockpit seat."We'll have to hide them somewhere," Denz said. "Until we can come back with a bigger ship.""So how do we hide the cylinders?" Jeff asked."We could bury the barge somewhere," Cliff said."Maybe," Denz said, pondering, "We would have to hide it far enough below the surface that they couldn't pick it up with their sensors. It is very easy to pick up traces of the fusion gas. In fact, it would have to be at least a hundred feet underground.""We can't dig a hole that deep in a planet," Jeff said. "It would take forever."Cliff pulled out a chart and began pointing out possibilities in the system. "Planets aren't the only places we could hide the treasure." Denz studied the sheet as Cliff pointed out landmarks."We've got several asteroids and a comet here in the inner solar system. What about burying the treasure on the comet?" Cliff asked. "Comets are basically just dirty snowballs. The ground should be pretty easy to dig.""Is this comet going to stay around for a while?" Gavin asked. "What if it breaks apart?"Cliff looked at his notes. "There's no guarantee that it won't, but it looks pretty big. It's headed in toward the local sun now. If it survives, it wont come back to the sun for another thirty years.""Denz," Gavin asked him, "What do you think?""I think it will work," Denz answered with a nod."Ill start the Shark towards the comet," Cliff said, and left the room.***Ten hours later the Shark began to cruise through the outer layers of the comets halo. It was barely noticeable at first. It just looked like a misty light around them. Jeff and Cliff eased the Shark closer. Soon the core itself was in sight. Even though the halo had looked bright and thick from a distance, it seemed very thin and tenuous now, even as they pulled up to the surface of the core. The comet was oddly shaped and about six miles across. "It shouldn't have much gravity at all," Cliff said. "It's too small."As the ship came to rest a short distance from the surface of the comet, they saw odd fountains of gas and dust billowing into the air from fissures."Amazing!" Cliff said.***Jeff came up into the cockpit and found Gavin. His space suit was covered with dirt and dust. "We're almost finished filling in the hole," Jeff said as he took off his helmet. "The barge seems to be staying down inside perfectly."The rest of the men were in the equipment bay, dusting off their suits."Javier," Wes said, "I thought Comet was supposed to clean things, but this comet dirt is everywhere. Whats up with this stuff?"***Outside of the Shark, Denz floated at the lookout post on the top hatch. He hurriedly took one last look at a landmark on the comet through a sighting scope, and wrote down some numbers carefully. He had to get these measurements down accurately. Finally, he added the finishing touches to a large piece of drafting paper, and then rolled it up. He had the rolled paper stashed in his bunk by the time he was spotted."Hey, Denz," Cliff said in Purple Man as he entered the ships quarters, "There you are! We need your help out in the bay. Wed like to dump the rest of the dirt and be out of here in two hours.""Im coming."***"Hey, Jose," Joe said the next day as he came into the ships quarters. "Do you want to play a little catch with me?""Play catch? With what?" Jose asked."I brought along a baseball," Joe said."You brought a baseball on this trip?" Jose asked, "What else did you bring?""Oh, just a volleyball and a football.""Cool."Frank came into the equipment bay later and saw them tossing the ball. Joe leaped off of the floor, flipped over in the air and landed on the wall before catching the ball."Wow," Frank said, "You guys are getting pretty good."***"Were in position," Cliff called up to the cockpit as he finished his calculations. Denz stood next to Cliff, looking at his scribbling. He was obviously impressed. "Lets not blow this one guys," he called to the crew, "Get those grappling hooks ready and lets do it like the other one.""Its definitely a ship coming in," Jose called from the lookout post outside, "Its a big one too, maybe bigger than the freighter.""Tell me when it goes into the shadow," Cliff called. The Shark was already in the shadow of the nearby planet, and blacked out. Only dim red lights lit the interior."Now," Jose called. "Its in the shadow, and I can barely see it silhouetted by the stars. Its just like last time.""Start closing on them," Jeff ordered, "Ready the hooks.""Throttle up slowly on the main engines," Gavin called."Stay pointed right at it so they dont see the exhaust flame," Jeff warned."I know," Gavin replied.Several tense minutes passed, as they got closer. "How much more dark time do we have, Cliff?" Jeff asked."Twelve minutes," Cliff called back."This ones going to be closer than the last one," Jeff mumbled to himself.After what seemed like forever, Cliff called again, "Four minutes, guys, wed better be close!""We are," Gavin answered. "Well use the maneuvering thrusters to get up next to it.""They dont see us," Jose called from his lookout post."Yaw left at two power, now!" Gavin called. "Cancel it out...now!"Gavin waited for the ship to stop turning, but it didnt. "Cancel that yaw. Now!" Gavin waited a moment before calling again. "Whose thruster didnt work?" "What?" Frank asked from the room below. His voice was muffled."I cant hear you on the intercom!" Gavin shouted."Get the intercoms working!" Jeff cried.Gavin and Frank tried everything, but they couldnt get the intercoms to work."One minute left!" Cliff yelled out."Guys," Jose said with a touch of fear, "This one looks really big." No one could hear him."Get us out of here!" Jeff yelled. Gavin flew down the ladder and ran back towards the engine room. The right hand bay was open and depressurized, so he had to go through the left side. "Push the main engine throttles all the way forward!" he yelled to the men. The ship lurched and began accelerating forward.***A lookout on the enemy ship spun around and saw a tail of flame less than a hundred feet from his ship. It lit up a dim red outline of the Shark."Vessel," he called anxiously, "Thirty meters, starboard bow!""The pirates!"***"Faster, Gavin!" Jeff yelled. Everyone was in a panic now. They began to overtake the other ship and cruise on by.Outside, Jose saw everything lit in vivid detail as the nearby star came out from behind the planet. "Jeff!" Jose gasped into the useless intercom."Gavin, is that all you can give us?" Jeff asked desperately from the cockpit."Im working on it!" Gavin yelled back angrily as he shouted orders to the men in the engine room, who worked the controls furiously."Jeff!" Jose called over the intercom, louder this time. Still no one answered him. He leaned down and tapped on the cockpit window from the outside. Jeff looked up at him from the back of the cockpit. Outside, Jose pointed at the other ship.Jeff walked over to the cockpit windows and looked out. As the suns light increased, he could see the brightening nose of the huge ship as it pointed at him. Then, it swung slowly around. The now bright sun shone all its light on the enormous craft as the two rows of gun bays crept into view. Each bay door was opening up with gun muzzles poking out at them. Each row had four cannons, making a total of eight guns, all sighted at the Shark. Denz lunged into the cockpit. "Its a Frigate!" he yelled, "Get us out of here, Gavin!""Im trying!" Gavin shouted at once.The Shark flew past the Frigate and continued away from it as a tongue of flame a hundred feet long spouted out from its engines and expanded into bright exhaust plumes. Soon the Frigate was left behind them. With a burst of light and gas the Frigate lit its engines and started forward. "Its coming at us!" Jose yelled as he pounded on the window. "Can we outrun them?" Jeff asked Denz desperately."We can outrun them climbing directly out of the sun's gravity," Denz nodded."Theyre firing!" Jose yelled. He realized he was in an exposed position on top of the ship with no walls to protect him. He took cover a few feet down the face of the Sharks nose, where he was just in front of the cockpit windows. The Frigate behind them shuddered with flashes of light as its array of cannons burst to life, and the Shark shook like it would come apart.***Inside the equipment bay, Joe was thrown against a wall and cringed as his faceplate clinked against the wall. He opened his eyes and realized that it hadnt broken. He felt around with his feet until he found the floor and his boots magnets clicked solidly against it. Then he turned to look around. Gas was blowing everywhere and particles were drifting around the bay. "Close the bay door!" he shouted.Jose peeked out from behind the Sharks nose. The Frigate had stopped, leaving its broadside facing the Shark so that its guns could fire."Theyre not chasing us!" Jose yelled happily. He saw gas and bits of debris flying out from the back of the Shark. Then, through the debris he saw a landing craft undock from the Frigate and start towards them."Landing craft coming!" Jose mouthed through the window."Weve got a lot of weight. Can we outrun it?" Jeff asked Denz."No," Denz said grimly, then took out a gun, and locked a canister in and grabbed a power supply from the wall. "There will be shock troops on board."This little battle was suddenly very nasty. Denz grabbed Jeff and they rushed down the ladder.Jose was thinking the same thing as the landing craft closed on them. He quickly loaded his gun and powered it up by plugging a cord into the gun from a battery pack on his belt. When the landing craft was a hundred feet away, he fired from his lookout post. It blew him off the hull of the ship and he dangled on the end of his tether for a few moments. Next time he would stick his magnetic boots to the hull. The pilot of the landing craft ducked as Joses shot hit the windshield with a tremendous shock and cracked one of the thick panes of glass.***"Prepare to board," barked the commander of the landing craft. His men stood up in unison and brought up their weapons. "They are pirates," the commander continued, "The Liaisons have instructed that none of the normal rules of engagement apply. No prisoners. Now move!"***The landing craft was now only twenty feet from the open bay and closing. "Close the door!" Joe yelled. "Its not closing!" The door was stuck at the spot where the Soyuz had damaged it, and soon the landing craft clanged against the hull. Its side door opened and Purple Men in suits spilled out and started trying to climb through the half closed door. Joe and everyone else took cover behind crates and fired their guns. Sparks and smoke flew everywhere as shots ricocheted off the bay door around the enemy. The Purple Men kept coming. Soon they were inside and firing at the Reds. Debris and shrapnel flew everywhere. The Reds popped out from behind their cover, fired off shots, and then ducked to reload. Several Purple Men were hit and just floated limply, stuck to the floor with their magnetic boots. Still more came. ***Up on top of the ship, Jose waited, scared to think about what was happening as he loaded his gun. He saw gas and debris was blowing out of the back of the ship. He took a deep breath, detached his tether, and ran across the top of the hull until he came to where the enemy boat was attached to the Shark. There was a gripping arm that held the boat to the Shark. Jose lowered his gun and fired. The arm shattered and he had to shield his face from the debris. Then he crawled down the side of the Shark and pushed against the landing craft with one hand. It didnt budge. He pushed against it with his foot with all of his might and it began to slowly drift away.***Smoke billowed out from a ruptured pipe in the bay somewhere and completely filled the air. For the Reds, it was impossible to see more than a few feet in front of their faces. Then suddenly the Purple Men advanced out of the smoke and grappled with the Reds. Joe was thrown back against the wall. He noticed Cliff floating limp and barely had time to fire his gun to stop one of the Purple Men from stabbing Cliff with a knife. He couldnt see what was happening, so he loaded both his gun and Cliffs and jumped into the smoke. A Purple Man loomed out of nowhere and Joe shot and then ran, diving behind a crate, rolling in the air before sticking to the far wall with his boots. "Its good I spent so much time playing ball," Joe thought, "Or I couldnt pull off these stunts."Then a Purple Man lunged over the crate and Joe scrambled out of his way, firing Cliff's gun. The attacker went limp. Another Purple Man came over the crate. Joe scrambled backwards as fast as he could, but he was stuck in the corner of the bay without time to reload. He looked towards the airlock door, but knew the Purple Man would get him before he could make it there. The Purple Man started for him with a knife in his hand, when Jeff and Denz burst out of the airlock with guns blazing. They shot down Joes attacker and disappeared into the smoke.After several seconds, all seemed to be still. Joe sat there, breathing, not daring to move. He loaded a gun and crept out from behind the crate. The smoke was dissipating quickly out of the open bay door and soon it was mostly clear. The smoke dissipated into the vacuum and the soon the crates and boxes in the crowded bay came into view. More of the Reds came out and took a look around. They had won.***Gavin came into the sleeping quarters finally, drenched in sweat. "Theres no sight of the Frigate," he said wearily, "I think I lost them.""Its a good thing," Jeff said grimly, "We couldnt have taken another attack.""How bad is it?" Gavin asked."Not half as bad as it could have been," Jeff answered. "Four of our guys are dead, five wounded.""Whos dead?" Gavin asked.Jeff paused, "Harrison, Caldwell, Porty, and Fredricks.""And the wounded?""Calvin, Frank, Denz, and Javier had mostly cuts and scrapes," Jeff answered, "Javier is taking care of them. The medical supplies on this ship are pretty good, so they should be better soon. Oh, and Cliff was knocked out when a fuel line exploded and threw him across the bay. That was what all the smoke was. He also got some burns on his hand." "The hand that was injured in the Soyuz?" Gavin asked."Yeah," Jeff answered, "The blast ruptured the forearm of his suit. We got him into the airlock before his air all leaked out.""Without Cliff, I dont have any idea where were going," Gavin sighed."Hopefully well be able to wake him up soon," Jeff said. "And, Jeff," Gavin asked. "How many of the Jaka were there?""Ten. Theyre all dead."***Everyone on the Shark, minus a few of the wounded, stood assembled in the right hand equipment bay. The Soyuz had crashed into this bay months ago, and it was the same bay that the Jaka shock troops had boarded. Joe and Javier stood at the edge of the open bay door with everyone else standing in a semicircle. They turned to four motionless shapes on the bay floor. Each of the four dead crewmembers lay there peacefully, wrapped in blankets. Cliff walked over to the still shape of Fredericks and fastened a photo to him. It was the one of Fredericks and his military unit. They had fought together against the Purple Men on Earth. Fredericks had been one of the few of his platoon to survive that battle."Well, now youll be with your friends again," Cliff said quietly.Jeff motioned to Joe and Javier. Everyone stood at attention. Then the dead were pushed out into space."Goodbye Harrison, Caldwell, Porty, and Fredricks," Gavin said slowly," Lets remember what they died for."The men paused in silence and bowed their heads."Alright," Jeff said, "Lets go. Those men wouldnt want us to just sit around when there are still Purple Men around. Let's get 'em."   3Life in Mitchell, South Dakota, had been pretty normal until a huge gray object blasted overhead about three hundred feet high. The roar broke windows and set off car alarms for blocks in either direction. Boiling heat waves rolled off the smooth, angled sides of the craft and a dull red glow came from three engine nozzles in the back. The citizens of Mitchell had seen news footage and instantly recognized the alien vessel. A quick phone call had the National Guard on its way.***Gavin grimaced and gave the lever another pull. Sweat was dripping off his forehead and his arms felt like they would fall off. He could hear Jeff cursing in the other compartment between Cliffs shouted orders."Slow down!" Cliff yelled.Jeff jumped to a pipe that controlled a different valve and starting spinning the large, heavy metal wheel."Up..."Jeff groaned as he pulled the wheel around again and again."Slow DOWN!""About a hundred feet to go!""Slower!""Up! Give me everything you got!"Gavin yanked a lever back, flipped a couple switches, and grabbed a wheel in either hand and started spinning them. The nose of the Pinak rotated upward a little."Just get the main engines," Gavin yelled to Jeff, "Ill control side to side motion." Jeff clambered back and eased a control handle forward. With the nose pointed up, the main engines at the back of the ship roared to life, lurching the ship upwards, and slowing its descent. Dirt and smoke blasted outward from where the exhaust and flame struck the ground. The Pinak slowly came down, still traveling forward at a good rate, and the back end of the lower hull scraped against the ground. Dust and dirt rolled outwards as the Pinak slowed down. The nose came down and touched the ground, and a grinding sound came from the ship as the metal hull scraped against the farmland, and the ship finally came to a halt. The dust started settling, but the ships engines still blasted dirt behind it and into the air."Cut the engines!" Cliff yelled excitedly, "Were down."Gavin and Jeff let out a sigh of relief as they proceeded to shut off all the equipment. Gavin chuckled as he climbed up into the cockpit. Cliff unbuckled his seat belt and ran back through the ship, yelling excitedly. "We did it, guys. We made it!"Mabok opened his eyes and looked out the window. They had come to a complete stop. Relief came over his face and he released his grip on the chair.***Calvin Schmitts old farm truck slid to a stop on a road near the resting alien ship. He grabbed his rifle and jumped out of the truck, jogging over to the ship grimly. The ship was creaking and popping, with heat waves still coming off. He raised his gun to aim at the top of the craft as a hatch eased open and then fell on the top of the hull with a clang and puff of dust. A man appeared in the hatchway, wearing alien clothing. The man let out a whoop and a laugh. Then he turned and spotted Calvin standing there with his rifle. Calvin tensed up, and clicked the safety off.The man on top of the ship slowly raised his hands. "Im a friend," Cliff said from his perch, "And Im coming down.""Take it slow, pal," Calvin cautioned."Sure thing."Cliff climbed down the handholds on the sloping side of the Pinak, jumped to the ground, and then turned around, raising his hands again. "Im human, buddy," Cliff said with a smile, "Im no Purple Man.""I see that," Calvin said, lowering his gun, but still aiming at Cliff from the hip. "Whats going on?""Well," Cliff started, and then glanced back at the ship as Jeff started down the side of the ship, "Itll take too long to tell you everything."Calvin gestured toward Jeff with his gun. "Is he human?""Yeah," Cliff answered quickly, then paused, "Um, by any chance do you have a phone?"***Grange took his seat on the stage next to an Air Force General. Soon the President was at the podium, and the reporters became quiet."I have the privilege to announce today," began the President, "That this nations armed forces have conquered the last enemy base in New Mexico." The reporters in the audience broke out into a maddening applause. When the cheering died down, the President continued."The Army broke through the last enemy resistance earlier this morning and stormed the inside of the enemy fort. My congratulations to the Army and the Air Force, and all our fighting men. The long ordeal is now over." The President paused and took a drink of water from a cup under the podium. "Also, I am pleased to announce that three of our nations astronauts, with the help of Russian equipment and ground personnel, have succeeded in capturing, and landing, an enemy warship. The lone alien on board was apprehended. Our scientists and technical personnel are analyzing the ship and it should provide us with many answers. And now, if you have any questions." The President pointed towards a reporter, who just started to speak when Gavin turned off the television. He was glad that he wasnt in the press conference. He had gotten all the attention he needed from the reporters, and was happy for the moment that they didnt know his whereabouts. Jeff was also in the hotel room, sitting on the bed. He was obviously deep in thought. "Jeff," Gavin said, looking at his watch, "Im supposed to go help interrogate the Purple Man prisoner in a little while. Do you want me to pick up anything to eat?"Jeff looked up and let out a breath. "Yeah, Id sure like some regular food." He leaned back. "Get some hamburgers, if you want.""Sure.""And maybe a paper, too. Id like to see my picture."Gavin laughed and grabbed his jacket. "Alright, Ill be back in a few hours."***Gavin walked into the small, bleak room and sat down at a table across from Mabok, who looked dismal. Gavin could hear a TV somewhere. Then all was quiet as the guard shut the door and locked it. Mabok looked up and saw Gavin. He was relieved that it was just Gavin. Most of the other Reds would look at Mabok and make faces of disgust and hate. Gavin handed Mabok a hamburger, who eyed it warily, but started to eat it. He was getting more used to Red food. "What is your name?" he finally asked Mabok."Mabok.""I am called Gavin by your people," Gavin said, holding out his hand. Mabok looked at Gavin, and then stared at his outstretched hand with confusion."You are the one called Gavin?""Yes," Gavin answered. He lifted Maboks hand off the tabletop and put it into his, showing how to give a handshake. "That is how you know the language," Mabok exclaimed, "You were our prisoner.""Thats right," Gavin answered. "How did you escape from our base?" Mabok asked."I didn't escape," Gavin said quietly, "I was rescued by my people. We've taken all of your bases.""Where are the rest of my comrades?" Mabok asked. Gavin looked down and didn't answer. Mabok knew what that meant."Do you like the food?" Gavin asked as he took out another hamburger and began to eat."No," Mabok answered, "You dont like this, do you?" he asked as he pointed disgustingly at the half-eaten hamburger. It was from a greasy fast food restaurant nearby. "No," Gavin said with a laugh. "I dont like it much either." "Why havent you killed me already?" Mabok asked."Why do you think we are feeding you these?" Gavin asked jokingly as he pointed to the hamburger. "Mine is starting to kill me already." Gavin held his stomach with one hand and tossed his own hamburger in the trashcan with the other.Mabok looked at Gavin and burst out laughing. It was the first time he had laughed in a long time. "I will perform forced labor then.""No.""Then why am I here?""We want to understand more about you," Gavin explained, "but we wont kill you and you wont be made to work. We have laws that guarantee that."Mabok paused silently. The Reds didn't seem to be savages like Kropan had said. They just seemed like regular people. Why did this war get started anyway? Because of it, all of his comrades were dead. He felt very alone. He couldnt talk to anyone, except for this one Red.Mabok said finally, "All of the others wish I was dead. I did not do anything to them. I only defended myself.""They hate you because you are a Purple Man and your people killed so many of us," Gavin said."I didnt kill anyone personally," Mabok answered. "What some of the Jaka do is not accepted by all of us. Your people killed many of mine also.""I personally didnt kill any of your people either," Gavin answered. Mabok didnt say anything."We all make mistakes," Gavin said, "Its too bad that so many had to die, but I lost some good friends too, you know. At least now it is all done. I wish we could get you home now that your people have been defeated and the war is over.""My people may have been defeated, but the war is not over!" Mabok said.Mabok was cut short by the guard, who opened the door and nodded to Gavin. "Time," the guard said curtly."Just a second," Gavin said, motioning for the guard to wait."Come on buddy," the guard cut in, "the doors are closing pretty soon here. You dont want to stay the night here do you?"Gavin gave in and let the guard pull him outside. ***Jeff and Cliff looked up from the TV as Gavin walked into the hotel room."Heres dinner, guys," Gavin said and tossed wrapped hamburgers to the other two."Thanks," Cliff said and turned off the TV."You know," Gavin said as he sat at the small table, "I had an interesting talk with the Purple Man.""Did he say why all of the Purple guys had a thing for killing Earthlings?" Jeff asked."He told me he had nothing to do with that," Gavin answered."I expected him to say something like that," Jeff grumbled."When I talked about the war being over," Gavin told them, "he acted surprised, like he didnt think it was." "Hey, you should try the milk shakes, theyre good," Cliff said and pulled a shake out of the paper bag."Maybe he knows something that he's not saying. What did the military say about that?" Jeff asked."Well," Gavin answered, "the general I spoke to afterwards was too busy to listen to what I was saying. By the way, were supposed to fly to South Dakota tomorrow to help work on the ship. Were leaving at seven. We will be helping the scientists figure out the ship.""In that case Ill be going to bed," Cliff said, tossing the food wrappers in the trash. "See you in the morning."***Mabok sat up in bed. He was having trouble sleeping in the gravity of a planet. He wasnt used to it. Fortunately, the night was almost over. Light was starting to come through the window. He had decided to try and sleep some more when a Red policeman barged in and dragged him out of bed. Then he was taken to some kind of vehicle under guard. Mabok sat in the seat of the vehicle, handcuffed, for many hours as it sped along a road. He watched the strange landscape of a different world slide by out of the window. The plants and animals interested him most. His own planet didnt have wild animals. After a while he dozed off. Mabok felt the vehicle slow down and heard the Reds talking quietly. He opened his eyes. They were driving through a town. Buildings lined the street and he caught glimpses of Reds walking by. Mabok saw a large photo of a man fastened to a pole as they drove by. The man in the photo was young and wore a military uniform. Flowers were placed all around the picture. He realized what it must be. Too many people had died on both sides. Their families would never see them again. He thought of how much he missed his own family. He thought of his own dead comrades and how sorrowful their families would be. It had all happened because a few Oligarchs cared little for the suffering of others. After all this, he would never fight for the Oligarchs again. He wanted to be back home.As the vehicle drove through flat farm fields, Mabok looked up and saw his Pinak resting on the ground with clusters of huts and lights around it. It was the only thing on this whole planet that could take him back home.***After a long wait, Mabok was taken out of the vehicle and into a trailer. A guard named Wes had been escorted him during the journey. Wes looked young to Mabok and reminded him of some friends he had as a teenager on his home planet. The guard said something and led Mabok into a room. Gavin was already inside, relaxing in a chair."How was the trip?" Gavin asked."Very long," Mabok answered, and then quickly got to the point. "Gavin, I want to go talk. I want to go home."Gavin looked at him with a blank expression. "I wish you could," he said finally. "There is a way for me to get home," Mabok said."How?""I will help you if you help me," Mabok began, "How long has it been since you first boarded the ship?" Gavin casually looked at the date on his watch. "Eighteen days.""The Jaka will be expecting to communicate with the colonists here on the twenty-first day. When they dont receive any message, they will be suspicious. If they follow normal procedure, a large force will arrive at the Jukath in about ten more days to investigate," Mabok said, "There will be ten times as many ships and men as before. If they can get to your planet, it will be the beginning of the end."After so long trying to get information in vain, Gavin almost fell out of his chair at this sudden flood of words."What?" was all he could force out of his mouth.Mabok explained it again."The Jukath?" Gavin asked."The travel stop, or way station," Mabok explained. "All you have to do is destroy the way station. Space transports travel along what is called an Ion Course between star systems. If the way station, or Jukath, is destroyed, the Ion Course is disabled, and the transports must stop until repairs to the way station are made. Traveling the same distance without using the Ion Course in ships like our Pinak would take months. By destroying the Ion Course, you can delay the fleet a few months. If you dont destroy the way station, the fleet will arrive at the way station in a week. Traveling from the way station to this star system will only take a few days after that."For your help, I will tell you how to stop the fleet from getting to Earth. You cant stop them from coming here unless you destroy the Jukath. It is outside of this star system, and the only way to get out that far is in the Pinak.""So, we can only get there in your ship," Gavin said, still somewhat dazed, but catching on. "Why are you telling me this?""I am willing to make a deal to get home," Mabok said, "Only you must know how to fly the Pinak better than the last time."Mabok laughed, but Gavin replied assuredly, "We can learn if you teach us.""There is a planet far from here where other Purple Men live," Mabok told Gavin. "There are no Jaka military there. You must take me there in the Pinak and leave me with them. Then you can have the Pinak. My family can travel there and meet me. Are you interested?""We're interested," Gavin said, "We're definitely interested.Mabok shook Gavins hand and Gavin could see a little bit of a smile.***Gavin approached the Colonel, who was talking loudly on his cell phone. "Who assigned the personnel on this project?" the Colonel growled on the phone, "Theyre just a bunch of college boys without any kind of discipline whatsoever! All they care about is tinkering with the alien equipment. We are not here to play with toys! This is a military operation. We have security to worry about here. Get me some real soldiers here by next week!" After the Colonel finished he angrily punched a button on his phone to turn it off. We swung around to face Gavin."Colonel," Gavin said, "The Purple Man has agreed to teach us about his ship. Can we get him out of his cell for a couple of hours a day so we can""I dont care if you get him out of his cell all day long," The Colonel yelled, "Just get out of my face!" ***Cliff exited the Pinak through the now open equipment bay door. He found Gavin and Jeff with Mabok and his guard, Wes. A bunch of alien equipment was laid out on the ground."Whats going on, Gavin?" Cliff asked."Mabok is showing us how to manufacture fuel," Gavin answered. "Hes been cooperating very well," Jeff said, "except he keeps saying that we need to hurry. He doesnt realize that all of this is new to us. Gavin, have you talked to the Colonel about all of this?""He hasn't given me the time of day," Gavin said. "So I haven't told him about Mabok's plan yet.""So how does this thing make fuel?" Jeff asked."Here is a fuel processor," Gavin said as he pointed to a large piece of machinery. "Water is pumped in and converted to fuel, and the fuel is then pumped into the ships tanks in there," Gavin said, pointing to some hoses that led into the engine room. Several men were using wrenches to fasten an irrigation pipe to the equipment. Calvin Schmitt stood nearby with an extra section of pipe. "Calvin here has been a great help," Gavin said, "He helped us connect up this water line to the fuel processor.""Thanks for your help," Cliff said to Calvin."Anytime.""Well, Gavin," Jeff cut in, "Weve had a long day, so well head to the trailers.""Ill meet you there shortly," Gavin replied.***"Whats the problem, Gavin?" Jeff asked as Gavin dressed quickly in their trailer."Come on, let's go to the ship," Gavin said. "They just told me that a message is coming in on the Pinak radio." Jeff followed Gavin to the Pinak and into the radio room. "I think Im picking up something," Gavin said, holding out his hand for quiet."Plistark, junto Jaka shordin Cartoh. Jiklew baront ferten. Kurtoona feh lenn acunta norheg lenn, nor..." From Gavin's expression, Jeff knew that something was interesting. After the message was over, Gavin turned to Jeff."How many days since we captured the Pinak?" Gavin asked."Twenty-one," Jeff said, "Why?""Mabok said his home world would try to communicate with the Purple Men here on day twenty-one," Gavin said. "He was right about that. If he was right about the rest, we only have ten days to destroy the way station. I think it's time we got this show on the road."***Gavin went to wake the Colonel as soon as he had climbed out of the Pinak. The commander rubbed his eyes and looked at Gavin, "Now what were you saying?""We would like to launch the Pinak as soon as possible," Gavin said again, "Mabok is willing to help us stop the fleet in exchange for his freedom.""And he claims we can use this ship to stop a fleet of Purple Men?" the Colonel asked doubtfully."By sabotaging part of their transportation network," Gavin explained."Transportation network?""Yes, sir.""How do you know that this isnt hogwash?""Sir," Gavin explained, "I don't know that this isn't hogwash." "Were not going to launch the ship," the Colonel said. "I think that even if this isnt a hoax, we wont be able to do anything about it, seeing as we dont have any experience with combat in space. Thank you for bringing this to my attention, and Ill contact the Pentagon in the morning. This ship is too valuable a possession to risk on this Purple Mans word. Now don't wake me up this early again for your dumb ideas," the Colonel concluded roughly. ***Cliff and Jeff knocked on the door of the detention trailer where Mabok was held prisoner. Wes, the guard, opened it up. "Yeah," he said gruffly."There is a leak on the ship," Cliff said, "and we need the Purple Man to help us patch it up." Wes eyed them carefully. Cliff shifted his weight around and looked at Jeff nervously. Cliff began to get scared that Wes knew he was lying. "Ha!" Wes laughed, "You expect me to believe that story?" Wes saw them exchange a worried look. "You know, Id say that you two are going to do it!" Wes exclaimed."What?""Youre going to launch the thing into space, arent you?""No, theres a leak and we--" Cliff tried to explain.Wes lowered his voice, "Hey, I heard the rumors. Im with you on this one. Ill go get the Purple Man."Cliff and Jeff just stood there, astonished. Wes let Mabok out, and unlocked his handcuffs. "If you have any room on board," Wes asked, "I would give an arm and a leg to... Well, is there any room?""Yeah," Cliff answered, almost laughing, "Get your stuff and lets get moving!"***Cliff stopped in his tracks and motioned for the others to hide behind a fence. Jeff looked around and saw the sentry, too. The man was pacing around the ship under the bright lights. There was no way past him. The sentry turned and saw them standing just outside the perimeter fence. Cliff turned to go away."Hey, you!" the sentry called out. He walked over to them with a flashlight. "Hold it right there!"Then he recognized Jeff and Cliff. "Oh, excuse me," the sentry apologized, "I thought you were someone else. Some UFO snoop has been hanging around the area causing trouble and--" the sentry stopped mid-sentence when he noticed Mabok. "Wait a minute! Shouldnt he be in his trailer?""Joe," Wes whispered to the sentry from behind Cliff, "Will you be quiet! Were trying to sneak on board here!""Listen," the sentry said, "You cant mess around on the ship at night, the Colonel said it was off limits and he was as grumpy as ever.""Joe," Wes said again, "Were going to take off, so will you be quiet before one of the other sentries sees us!""No," Joe said slowly, "the Colonel said no. But are you really going to launch?""Yeah, so will you shut your trap and get on board?" Wes growled.***Jeff shook Gavin until he woke up."Gavin, lets go!" he whispered as loud as he dared."Wha--what?""Were going, come on!" The curtain on the bunk above Gavins bunk slid aside and a head popped out. "Youre gonna launch?" A couple of lights turned on behind the curtains of the two other bunks and other faces appeared.Gavin and Jeff made their way to the Pinak with five other men silently following behind with their bags.Gavin climbed down the ladder into the cockpit and turned around to see half a dozen men already inside. Cliff came through the hatch on the back wall."Cliff," Gavin called, waving a hand towards the others, "Who are all these people?""Well..." Cliff tried to think of an explanation."Permission to come aboard?" one of the men asked."Okay," Gavin replied, "We might as well. Well probably need all the help we can get. But, Cliff, is there anyone on the base that doesnt know were leaving?""The Colonel, I hope," Cliff replied.***The horizon was beginning to brighten a bit as Calvin Schmitt trudged toward his barn. He glanced at the Purple Man ship several hundred yards away with its cluster of trailers around it. He started to cut across a section of his field and looked down to notice a few inches of water in the furrows. The federal guys must have disconnected his irrigation piping without turning off the water. He stabbed his shovel in the ground and started towards the trailers.***"Mabok," Gavin called from his seat in the cockpit, "How much fuel do we have?""The tanks were almost full when we disconnected the pipes," Mabok replied as he rushed back and forth from control panels in the cockpit. Cliff climbed up through the floor hatch."Gavin," Cliff called, "Theres another group of men that just came aboard in the equipment bay."Gavin grumbled and followed Cliff to the back of the ship. Inside the equipment bay there were eight more men, standing with some of their belongings."Listen guys," Gavin said as soon as he had stepped through the airlock, "I dont want you to get the impression that were taking this ship up just to check it out. Theres a chance we might not come back. So, anyone can get off now. Just tell me if you want to."A man in the back raised his hand. "I understand, Frank," Gavin said sympathetically, "I dont have a problem with anyone dropping out.""No," Frank replied, "I just wanted to know if I have time to get my camera."***Calvin Schmitt walked with his dog, Baker, up to the barbed wire fence and looked inside. No one was guarding the fence like they usually were. The floodlights were off, and the gate was open. He walked in and followed his water pipe to the side of the alien ship. A big door on the side was open and the lights were on inside. Calvin saw a man moving some duffles around."Excuse me," Calvin called out."Yeah," the man answered. Calvin recognized him as the man who usually guarded the Purple Man. It was Wes."Are you done with the water?" Calvin asked, pointing to his irrigation pipe that was lying on the ground gushing water."Are we ever!" Wes exclaimed. "Were taking this baby into space, buddy!""Really? Is it alright if I watch the blast-off?""Alright? Hey, pull up a chair!" ***"Gavin," Mabok said as Gavin came back in the cockpit, "Were ready to button it up and lift off.""Good, start closing the hatches," Gavin said.Cliff climbed up the ladder to the top hatch and peeked out before he closed it. The sun was almost up. He glanced at the Colonels trailer and noticed that the lights just flickered on inside. Cliff slammed the hatch down."Gavin," he gasped, "The Colonel is awake!"Gavin could see in his mind what the Colonel would do if he caught them. He turned to Mabok. "Lets get out of here. Ill go shut the bay doors, and you start up the engines.""Right."Wes was stowing the baggage when the engines started. The ship shuddered a little and then a high-pitched whine built up in the engine room, followed by a roar. Calvin's dog jumped through the bay door into the Pinak while he wasnt looking. The dog was sniffing around someones bag of food. The ship started to lurch and shudder as it built up power and then slowly lifted a few feet off of the ground. The dog began running back and forth excitedly along the edge of the open bay door, crouching and barking as if he wanted to jump out. Calvin turned around and gasped when he saw Baker inside."Come on Baker!" Calvin shouted, holding out his hands. "Come on!" Baker pranced back and forth, looking at the ground below, which was bathed in a flickering orange glow. He didnt come. Gavin scrambled through the airlock into the equipment bay."We gotta get the door closed!" he shouted, cupping his hands around his mouth. Wes sprinted over to the controls. He jammed the lever down and the door started creaking closed. After that, Gavin quickly left the area. Neither Wes nor Gavin had noticed that Calvin had jumped onto the ship and was lunging after his skittish dog. Up in the cockpit, Mabok started easing the Pinak forward along the ground. It shuddered and wobbled. It was a lot easier for him to control the ship with the computers now up and running, but the astronauts had messed with some of the engine parts during the previous flight and not everything was working correctly.Wes still hadnt seen Calvin or his dog because he was chasing down a couple of bags that had tumbled out of an open locker. "I feel like an airline stewardess putting everyones junk in the overhead compartments," Wes grumbled to himself as he shoved bags into the lockers and slammed them shut. The bay door closed seconds before Calvin reached it in his effort to get out of the ship. Gavin came back in the cockpit to see Mabok wrestling with the controls."Are all the doors shut?" Mabok asked."Yeah," Gavin answered, "Hows it going?""You left a couple valves closed when you landed and Im having a hard time maneuvering.""Which ones?" "It's the Glorkin Sal and Vindergut Sal," Mabok replied."The what?""The Glorkin..." Mabok started to repeat himself, and then stopped, "The big lever on the large metallic box needs to be pulled back, and the red handle on the large pipe on the very bottom of the engine needs to be turned.""Right," Gavin said, and dashed towards the back. He lost his balance and crashed into the wall a couple times as the ship lurched back and forth. "The lever on the metallic box..." Gavin mumbled to himself. As we went back, he noticed a breathless Calvin running up to him with a dog."What are you doing here?" Gavin asked incredulously. Calvin didnt know what to say, but just stood there speechless. Gavin knew by his expression that Calvin wanted to get off. "We cant land now," Gavin said, "Or well never be allowed to take off again. Can you stay with us for a little while?""I guess so," Calvin said. "Glad to have you, then," Gavin said, "Im Gavin." He pointed at Wes, hard at work with the baggage. "Start putting these bags into that locker over there. Hey, by the way, do you need anything for the trip?""Well," Calvin answered thoughtfully, "I already got my pocketknife with me. I should be fine."The Pinak was now steadily climbing into the sky. All that could be seen from Calvins farm now were the three glowing engines receding into the distance."Gavin, I had a little trouble with the door," Wes said as Gavin dashed past and disappeared into the engine room without responding. "I can see youre busy so Ill tell you later," Wes said, more to himself than to anyone else. He turned to Calvin, who just shrugged. Frank poked his head through the airlock."Hey guys!" Frank said excitedly, "There are windows in the cockpit and the views great!"Wes and Calvin jumped up and followed Frank forward.When Gavin arrived at the cockpit, everyone else was already there. Mabok was working hard at the controls, and everyone else was glued to the windows. Gavin had to squeeze past a couple of people to get up to Mabok. Outside, the sky was no longer blue, but starting to turn purple as they neared the outer reaches of the atmosphere. Mabok turned to Gavin and said, "Youd better get ready for weightlessness. Were almost to orbit, so I suggest you prepare yourselves.""Right."Gavin turned to the others. "Okay, everybody, we will be weightless soon, so get out of the cockpit and make sure all your stuff is secured. We dont want anything floating around."The men reluctantly left. Gavin grabbed Jeffs arm as he started to leave."Jeff, I want you to count everybody and start getting them into the spacesuits just in case. Make sure that everybody already knows how to get a suit on.""Sure."Gavin sat down on one of the three seats at the controls and buckled himself in. He watched out the window for several minutes while Mabok piloted the ship. Then Mabok turned to him, "Ready?" he asked. Gavin tightened his belt and nodded. "Ready."Mabok eased a stick forward and Gavin felt his body slowly rise out of the seat. It seemed like it was being pulled upward. His stomach felt like it was smashing against his lungs. As they transitioned into weightlessness, some of the other passengers were not quite ready for what was happening. Jeff had them all in the equipment bay."Whoa!""Oh boy.""Whats going on?"Cliff smiled at the others comments. He was holding onto a handrail on the wall of the bay and it kept him from floating off, but some of the others had nothing to keep them from flying around and they literally bounced off the walls."Okay, everybody," Cliff called, "Calm down and let's get these suits on."Gavin turned to see Jeff floating up the ladder into the cockpit. "Gavin," Jeff said, "Weve got twenty-six men, counting you and Mabok.""Good," Gavin replied."There are some problems, though.""Whats that?""We only have enough suits for twenty.""Wow," Gavin said, "It looked like we had enough suits for everybody and their dog.""There is that too," Jeff said."What?""Calvins dog."   8Cliff got out of his bunk, but he felt like he had been run over. He looked down at his hand. It was wrapped up, and it felt like it had been blown up like a balloon. His stomach was clawing at him for some food, so he wearily drifted up into the kitchen and grabbed a packet."Cliff," Jose yelled, "Youre alive!""Barely," Cliff answered.***"Guys," Jose said, climbing into the cockpit, "What do you say we go back to Earth.""Back?" Gavin asked.Frank came up the ladder and stood behind Jose. "Weve been talking and we think we should head home. We're serious."Gavin sighed. "Let's find out what everyone else thinks.""Everyone agrees," Frank answered, "except Jeff. He says hell do whatever you want.""Gavin," Cliff said from behind Frank, "I could lead you back, now that Ive taken some readings with the telescope.""Maybe that is the best thing to do," Gavin conceded.***Down in the sleeping quarters a dull game of Fish was ongoing. On the wall was a big piece of drafting paper with everyones name on it. Below their names were tallies for each game they had won. Wes led as he stowed away a set of swordfish."Thats sixty-two wins so far!" Wes bragged as he tallied up another win. "Not even Frank can compete with my all powerful mind.""Ah, be quiet, Wes!" Joe called from his bunk, "You just have a fishy mind, thats all.""Man, Im sick of this stupid game!" Javier grumbled, tossing cards across the room, "And Im sick of the stupid gruel! Weve been in this metal coffin for three months already!""Dont call the Shark a metal coffin!" Wes warned."Shark bait, more like it!" Javier retorted."It is getting pretty boring," Calvin said."Three months ago we were on Earth," Javier said wearily, "Beautiful South Dakota!""When you were there, you said it was the worst place youd ever seen!" Joe sneered."The grass, fields, clouds," Javier said as he gazed off into the air with a smile, ignoring Joes remark. Then he snapped out of it. "Three months of boredom," Javier complained, "Waiting. Waiting for what? All we waited for this time was just to get ambushed by the Purples.""Well," Frank said as he entered the room, "Now were just going to be waiting to get home. Gavin agreed to head back.""Yes!" Javier cheered."Gavin says well leave in the morning," Jeff said as he came in the sleeping quarters, "Everyone on Gavins shift needs to be up in eight hours. Everyone else, you have a little time to yourselves before we start fixing this place up. All this junk floating around is starting to get hazardous.""Tell me about it," Wes called as he gathered the fish cards, "I bumped my head on someones duffel bag this morning and about knocked myself out!"***Several hours later the Shark was silent. Everyone lounged around, mostly sleeping. Calvin was relaxing in his bunk when Baker, who now was pretty good at moving around, started barking. "Baker!" Calvin yelled, annoyed.Baker kept barking."Calvin! Keep that dog quiet, will you?" Javier growled from his bunk.Calvin got up and looked for Baker. He wasnt in the room, but he sounded like he was in the equipment bay. Calvin didnt bother to put his boots on and floated through the airlock. As soon as he was inside the bay, a hand clapped around his mouth. He looked around in surprise. Purple Men!***"I dont really care about your hunting stories, Wes," Jose grumbled. Both men were floating in the kitchen of the Shark."Yeah, but let me tell you about..." Wes started to say, but stopped. A Purple Man was in the hatchway of the kitchen with a gun pointed at them. Jose and Wes looked at the Purple and then at each other. "Ill tell you about the time I was staring down the muzzle of some purple guys gun," Wes finished."I hope this one ends good," Jose said as the Purple Man shoved them through the hatch and followed behind them.***Two high ranking Purple Men looked at the Red prisoners, who were bound to the bay wall. One strolled back and forth in the bay, occasionally throwing a look at the Reds. Gavin looked up when they brought Cliff into the bay."Cliff," he said, "I thought you were on lookout. How come you didn't spot them coming?""I did," Cliff said as they tied his hands and feet. "But the intercoms weren't working, so I couldn't tell you."One of the two Purple Man officers started talking to them. Even the ones who didn't know the language seemed to get the main idea by the tone in the man's voice."I am Lod, Liaison Officer for the pursuit division of the Sixth Fleet," he said, and hesitated a little for a response. If he wanted to inspire awe with his introduction, he didnt get much. "You thought you could get away from the Jaka," he said proudly, "The best trained space force in history. You thought you could outsmart us?" He pointed at the other Purple Man behind him, "No one escapes him. That's Krid Zaff, commander of the pursuit division of the Sixth Fleet. You were pretty stupid to be caught so easily, but what do you expect from a bunch of primitive criminals?" Lod let out a laugh, "And you left a trail that even a child could follow! I was warned that you were dangerous, but this," Lod looked at them piercingly, "This was hardly worth our efforts." Lod stopped when he noticed Denz and Mabok."And you," he said as he glared at them, "By helping these Reds, you've sealed your fate. You're going to wish you were never born."Lod raised his hand to strike them, but Krid Zaff stopped Lod with a terse command.Lod lowered his hand and Krid left the room. Two Purple Man guards took up positions in the bay with guns at the ready."It looks bad, guys," Gavin said."I dont think they can make the charges stick," Wes said, "I didnt get to hear my rights.""Or a phone call," Javier said wryly."Man," Jose said despairingly, "Id like a cheeseburger right about now."***Krid Zaff walked down the hall and mumbled to his aide, "Lods little speech is the first time he has ever said anything good about me."They were interrupted as Lod shouted after them."Yes, Lod?" Krid asked and turned to wait. Soon Lod caught up."Set course for the Political Prison station," Lod commanded."The Political Prison?" Krid asked, astonished, "That is for spies and saboteurs. These prisoners should go to a military prison camp.""The Oligarchs have stated that these Reds are spies and saboteurs," Lod answered."I will ask my superiors in the Sixth Fleet to confirm this," Krid said."There is no need," Lod said, holding out a clipboard, "This is a direct command from the Liaisons to you, Zaff, stating that you must take the Reds to the Political Prison."Krid stared at the clipboard, with his jaw clenched."Dont worry, Zaff," Lod said, "They'll be in good hands."Krid sighed and his aide looked at him and began to ask, "So, to the Political Prison?"Krid nodded reluctantly, and the aide turned to go and set the course."One more thing, Zaff," Lod said. "I will need to stay at the prison with the prisoners to help in their interrogation. I wont be able to go with you." "Thats the best news Ive heard all day," Krid said."Oh, dont worry," Lod said quickly, "My superiors will supply another Liaison to go with you when you leave the prison. Also, be assured that I will rejoin you before the invasion of the Reds planet."***The next few days were tiring for the crew, who were tied up, barely fed, and roughly treated. The worst punishment, however, wasnt mistreatment, but the fact that they didnt separate the prisoners."Will you knock it off!" Javier shouted."Calm down, nobodys hurting you!" Joe replied angrily."If you keep tapping your fingers, Im going to go crazy," Javier said with a growl."Silence!" Lod commanded as he entered the bay with Krid. "Weve arrived at the Political Prison facility, where you will be staying until you provide us the information we want.""Oh, boy," Gavin mumbled.Krid turned to the guards. "Get ready, our ships leaving in five minutes."The guards saluted and left with Krid.Different guards entered, but they had black uniforms and a hungry look about them. "Liaisons," Denz mumbled to Gavin, and motioned with his head towards them. "They're the Oligarchs' minions to make sure everyone does what the Oligarchs want." "They don't look very nice to me," Gavin mumbled to Denz. Suddenly there was a knock on the bay door. When the Purple guard opened the hatch, there was a loud gunshot and the guard flew across the room. A Red leapt inside with his gun still hot and a knife in the other hand. "Chuck!" Wes shouted. "Glad to see you!""I dont know if Im glad to see you, Wes," Chuck answered with a smile and let down his gun, "But theres no time for that. Lets get out of here."Sam came behind Chuck."Its all clear!" he said."Good work, Sam," Chuck said, "Now go cover the top hatch and Ill untie these guys.""Chuck," Wes said joyfully, "Howd you get here?""Well, the Purple Men chased down the Buccaneer and we ended up getting captured and coming here. Once we got here, well, lets just say we managed to escape," Chuck said as he started cutting their straps with his knife. "And if I told you all about it then youd never forgive me. I had to do a little dirty dealing. "So the Purple Men caught up with you, too?" Gavin asked."Yeah, they caught up with us in the Buccaneer, but before that, we made it back to Earth in one piece and got some more men to come with us.""It was a good thing you weren't there," Sam cut in, "The Colonel was really mad at you." "Then we started attacking under this general named Monterrey who was given charge of the whole thing," Chuck continued. "You should have seen it, we took five enemy ships! We had a whole fleet. But it was too hard to manage a large force, so we scattered and tried our luck separately.""Where are the rest of the guys?" Wes asked."We were the only ones from our original group on board the Buccaneer," Chuck said, lowering his eyes, "Sam and I were the only ones that got out alive. The new guys didnt make it. They were executed here at the prison. This is a dangerous business." Chuck looked up as he cut the last strap. Everyone was stretching and rubbing their wrists and ankles. "We dont have much time, and I dont want to lose anyone else, so lets get the engines going!""Right!" Jeff answered, "Gavins shift, man the engine room. My shift, man the forward maneuvering thrusters. Cliffs shift, man the aft maneuvering thrusters. Denz, you get weapons and help Sam defend the hatch. Lets move!"Denz got up and laughed. "Feels great to be free," he chuckled. Then he ripped open some lockers and grabbed weapons and ammo and slung the batteries around his waist, then put on boots and ran up to the hatch. Sam was standing in the hatch behind the cockpit. Gavin was hastily checking the controls.Sam leaned through the hatch and fired his gun, then ducked back in the hatch as a shot hit near him. Denz held up another loaded gun for him and set about reloading the spent one."Power up the maneuvering thrusters!" Gavin yelled. A whining sound came from below, increasing in pitch. "Red pipes all the way open!" Gavin shouted back."Red pipes open!" came the reply.Sam leaned through the hatch again and fired, ducking just as another blast hit. He grabbed another gun and fired again, dodging flying dust and debris."Were ready!" Gavin yelled.Sam took a reloaded gun and fired one last time, then ducked inside the hatch and slammed it shut. "Were secure!" he said."Fire main engines at fifteen power," Gavin commanded. The ship lurched free of the structure and shook with the roar of the engines. Soon the Purple Man base was behind them.***A signal light flashed out in deep space. Krid lowered his binoculars. He stood on the bridge of his Frigate and thought deeply, then turned to a subordinate. "The Reds have escaped in their Pinak," he said. "Shall we stand by for pursuit?" the officer asked."We dont have enough fuel for it," Krid said, "Coming way out here to the Political Prison took our last reserves. No, our only choice is to go to the supply depot." He sat down angrily in a chair, and growled. "I knew we should have refueled before heading to the Political Prison, but blast it, Lod wouldnt let me."Another officer still looked through his binoculars. "The last of the message, sir," he reported."What is it?""The prison says that the Reds were already sentenced to be executed, so we are ordered to destroy them on sight. Do not negotiate or even board their ship, especially if they offer to surrender. Oligarch Sanzen was at the prison and was assassinated by one of the Reds during their escape.""What was Sanzen doing in the middle of the fighting?" the officer wondered aloud."Sanzen definitely isn't one to shrink from a fight," Krid said, "Even if he is one of the Oligarchs.""Now you see why it is pointless to try and treat the Reds civilly," the new Liaison said, "You shouldn't doubt the decisions of the Liaisons.""The decision of the Liaisons to kill Red civilians got us into this mess," Krid said, "If it weren't for that, we wouldnt be in this predicament.""We can handle this little predicament," the Liaison said, "and let me remind you that if you question the Liaisons like that in front of the men, I'll have you reported. Our job is to make sure the Navy carries out the Oligarchs' wishes, not the old fashioned traditions of the Navy. You don't want to undermine the men's loyalty for the Oligarchs, do you?""Definitely not," Krid said."Good," the Liaison said. Then he left."He sounds exactly like Lod!" Krid mumbled to himself. "I thought I was free from his annoying chatter, but all those Liaisons must be taught from the same book."Krid sat silently for a while. "How long until we reach the depot?" he asked another officer on the bridge."Twelve hours," the man answered."Blast it!"***"Alright, Cliff," Gavin said as he worked the controls, "Give me the coordinates for home.""I've got some bad news," Cliff said slowly, "They took us so far from our last position that I don't recognize any of the stars. I don't know which way is home."***"Mabok!" Denz called as he came into the kitchen and saw him."Hello, Denz," Mabok replied as he prepared some food."It has been good to have another Purple Man here to talk with," Denz said as he grabbed a packet of food and leaned back. "So what do you think of these Reds, huh?""Very strange," Mabok said, "I am amazed that they get anything to work without the computer.""Yes, thats true," Denz replied with a nod, "But I like it. They get down to the basics, and dont mess with the frills."Mabok nodded in agreement."Take Cliff, for example, he draws up maps on paper, and not many Purple Men could do that. They spend most of their time looking out the windows. Can you believe that? Most of our people spend their time looking at screens.""It is much harder to do it their way," Mabok said."Yes," Denz agreed, "But I like their way better. I want to be how they are. They learn about the stars and planets by first-hand experience, while we just learn what the screens tell us.""If the computers had been on more, we would know where we are now."The two Purple Men paused for a little bit. All of the chatter on the intercom had stopped. Denz and Mabok left the kitchen to see what was happening and headed through the airlock into the cockpit. Gavin was standing alone in the center of the cockpit. With just a few gestures, and a wave of his hand, the ship rolled over. The motion stopped with another sweep of his hand.After a few moments, they noticed a mirror fastened to the airlock hatch behind them. Denz leaned over and saw Jeff in the room below. He was imitating Gavins every move as he watched in the mirror. Denz looked at Mabok with a doubtful expression. They floated down the ladder into the exercise room. Jeff glanced at them, but kept looking at Gavin through the mirror, imitating his hand signals. Denz and Mabok stood to either side of Jeff and looked over his shoulders. They could see Gavin in a mirror above, but they could also see men back in the engine room, through a series of open hatches. The Reds in the back of the ship were watching Jeff and running the rear thrusters based on his signals. Two men were also controlling thrusters in the exercise room to either side of Jeff."What are you doing?" Denz asked when it seemed they had stopped."Controlling the ship without intercoms," Gavin said. "The blasted things keep quitting when we need them the most.""See," Denz said, "They're crazy!"   15Before long, Gavin and Jeff sat in a group of men in a gun bay on board the flagship. The flagship itself was a Slok that had been captured from the Purple Men somehow. Gavin was talking to the man next to him when the man suddenly jerked upright and saluted. So did the rest of the men. Gavin and Jeff looked around doubtfully."Whats all this snapping and saluting?" Gavin asked. Some of the men around them glared at them and motioned for them to stand up, so they did. They saw a portly gentlemen stride into the room in his magnetic boots. He returned the salute and motioned for everyone to sit down."Men," the general started, "I want to tell you about the enemy we will be facing today. As you know, the Purple Men came to this planet to kill and to destroy us, and that is what they have done. Our people were massacred as they tried to repel the invaders. Then, through blood and sweat we were finally able to defeat the Purple Men and drive them off the Earths surface."Luckily, some abandoned Purple Man ships fell into our hands, but we didnt know what to do with them. We had no leadership and no vision of how to protect the Earth with these new weapons. Some fruitlessly tried to use the captured vessels, but to no good end. Our ships were chased and battered from star system to star system. Then, the enemy captured one of our ships called Buccaneer. Gentlemen, no man survived from the valiant crew of the Buccaneer. The Purple Men killed every last one after they had thrown down their arms.""He must not know that Sam and Chuck were captured," Jeff murmured to Gavin."However," the general said, straightening proudly, "That was when we began to see the need for leadership and strength. That is why I am here, men. Ever since I came out here into space to lead the forces of Earth in the glorious cause of freedom, I have never lost a battle. I repeat, I have never lost a battle. I want you to know that I never will. As long as I am alive to fight the Purple Men, not one of them will set one foot upon our soil. Not one."Here is my plan, men. The Purple Men are overconfident and they are cowards. They must hide behind their advanced technology. I have the heart and soul of a fighting man, which is something they do not have. Instead of waiting for the invaders to attack me, I am going to attack them. They will not expect me to move first, but I will, and I will hit them so hard they will never stop running until they get home. I am going to drive our fleet in a column right into the middle of their formation. I will then be able to use the cannons on both the starboard and port sides of my ships. Since a fighting ship normally only uses the guns on one side, I will thus be able to attack them with the same firepower as a fleet twice this size. I am counting on surprise, speed, and courage. Who is with me?"The group of men cheered loudly to signal their support."Thats the spirit!" yelled the general.Gavin raised his hand, and the general motioned for him to speak. The rest of the men quieted down."What's our plan for a loss of communications?" he asked."Loss of communications?" Monterrey repeated, confused."When we lose our intercoms," Gavin explained. "They always jam our intercoms."Gavin and Jeff could tell by the blank stares that the men here didn't know what they were talking about."Have we thought about a backup plan?" Jeff asked, "The Sixth Fleet is composed almost entirely of Frigates and Gallaxeons. On the other hand, our fleet has only one Slok and the rest are Pinaks. If we get outgunned, what is our plan for retreat?""What are you talking about, Sloks and Pinaks?" a man asked from nearby. "And whats this about the Sixth Fleet?""They don't know those terms," Jeff whispered to Gavin."You know, I am starting to get a little worried about this plan," Gavin said, "We might not be ready to do this.""Right," Jeff said, "I think we have a better chance of fighting these guys over the long term. We shouldn't risk losing all of our ships in one battle. We should take advantage of our speed and maneuverability. Hit and run tactics will be what we can do best with PinaksI mean small ships."General Monterrey scowled. "Boys," he said to Gavin and Jeff, "I appreciate your ideas, but we dont have time to debate this thing. I am sure that what we need now is a show of strength. That is what they arent expecting. I plan to hit them hard and put them out of the game.""Now," the general said to the rest of the group, "The first and last craft in our attack column will be the most important ships in my attack fleet. I am going to put my flagship, the Dreadnought, in the last place to cover the rear of our column and prevent any counterattacks. We need a good crew in the first ship to begin the attack."Monterrey turned back to Gavin and Jeff, "You seem to have a lot of fancy ideas. Ill trust you to be in the lead with your ship, the uh""The Shark," Jeff said."Right," Monterrey grumbled. "Now, lets get my fleet ready for this attack. Remember men, everything depends on this one battle. Everyone on Earth is waiting and hoping for my victory. I will defeat these invaders. I am going to make every one of the Purple Men suffer for what they did to the Buccaneer.""Remember the Buccaneer!"A few minutes later, Gavin and Jeff climbed aboard the Shark and helped transfer several containers of ammunition into the hold from another pirate Pinak."Who does this Monterrey think he is?" Jeff asked as they worked."He certainly seems to think highly of himself," Gavin said."Yeah. Its funny that he never mentioned how we were the ones who captured the Shark and started this whole thing.""I don't think he knows a lot about space battle. He hasn't thought this out very well.""I agree. Do you think we should go along with it?"Gavin paused for a few minutes to ponder the question."Theyre going to need all the help they can get," Gavin finally said. "But if anything goes wrong, we can always make a run for it.""Okay," Jeff said. "Ill go with you. Lets just hope Monterrey doesn't mess everything up."***On the flagship of the Sixth Fleet, there was another briefing taking place. Purple Man officers filed into the room and took their seats. Krid walked down the familiar corridors of the huge Gallaxeon and entered the room."Krid!" called an officer named Greggan, "My friend, youre back!"Greggan slapped Krid on the back and gave a laugh."Good to see you, Krid," said another officer."The fleet isnt the same without you," Greggan said."Is it better or worse when Im not around?" Krid asked with a smile."Its certainly much more boring," said Greggan. "Im glad youre here for the battle.""It doesnt seem like there will be much of a battle to me," Krid said. "But I bet you're glad to get your squadron back." Greggan said, "Your ships will be right next to mine in the battle formation.""Attention!" someone shouted.The Admiral of the Sixth Fleet came to the front of the room and outlined the tactical details of the Reds pirate fleet while the officers jotted down information. Then the Chief Liaison took the floor."This isnt just a routine battle," the Liaison said, "We are here to make a show of those who dare oppose us. We want Reds to forever remember and fear the fate of the pirates we will be fighting today. The Jaka have been humiliated and defeated once on this world. We must make sure that doesnt happen again or our people will never be safe here. I am confident that we will succeed. After all, I think everyone knows that the Sixth Fleet is the most respected naval force in the known galaxy. Once you smash the Red pirates as the Admiral has outlined, we will move forward with our plans for invasion."The Chief Liaison projected a picture of an Earth city on a screen and continued, "We have already chosen the city for our first strike. Your mission will be to deliver our troops to the surface to totally annihilate this metropolis. The remaining Reds will be forced to submit to our will or suffer the same fate as this city. This way, we will finally be able to restore order to this planet."The Admiral stood up quickly and said, "Ive just received word that the pirates are on the move. Everyone to your ships."***After stowing the ammunition on the Shark, Gavin told the men about General Monterreys attack plan. No one said much, but left to get everything ready. Joe pulled on his space suit carefully, checking it for leaks or damage. He put a picture of his family in his pocket. He then checked his gun and knife to make sure they would work in the battle ahead. He gathered up all of his personal belongings from his bunk and stuffed them in a bag. He pulled out a letter for his family that he had written just in case he died and placed it in the top of the bag."Theres North America!" called Jose from the cockpit. Joe went up to see it with some of the others."Its so close," Joe said, "I would give anything to be able to get down there.""Theres California," Jose said, "I can almost see my house!""Okay, men," Gavin said as he entered the cockpit, "Get ready. Were starting to move out.""To think that we are so close," Joe said, still looking at the Earth, "but we might not live to see it again."***In single file, the pirate ships cruised boldly toward the lurking battleships of the Purple Man fleet."Open the bay doors," Jeff called. The bay doors on the pirate ships slid open to reveal the grim guns and dim faces of the warriors from Earth."Load the cannons," Jeff ordered. The men brought up the gas cylinders and power cables and loaded the cannons."Get ready to fire," Jeff called out. The men cranked the cannons up to the edge of the bay doors. The Sixth Fleet began to appear out of the blackness ahead. Its deadly columns hung suspended in front of the stars. Behind the Shark was the beautiful crystal blue sphere of home. Krid watched them come from one of the closest of the Purple Man battleships."Aim," Jeff ordered. The men turned the cannons toward the Purple Man battleships as the Shark neared them. The Shark crept closer to the enemy with a long line of pirate Pinaks trailing close behind. The pirate flagship was hanging back at the tail of the column. Silence and dread cut all of the pirates to the heart as they saw the terrible machines of destruction ahead of them. The Frigates and Gallaxeons were now so close that Joe could make out individual Purple Men inside their open gun bays. The Purple Men waited by their guns for the signal to fire. Joe stood resolutely by the cannon, waiting for his own signal."Fire!" Gavin shouted."Fire!" Jeff called."Fire!" yelled General Monterrey."Fire!" called the Purple Man Admiral.Flashes of light rippled across the rows of gun bays on the Gallaxeons as the guns opened fire. The thunder of the guns could be felt through the metal floors and walls of the battleships. Shrapnel and leaking gas exploded across the sky. The Shark shuddered violently. "We lost the engines!" Frank yelled."Lets hope our momentum carries us through," Jeff murmured. The Shark continued forward, drifting through the maelstrom of cannon fire.***Still, Krid Zaffs guns were silent. Lang kept staring at him, waiting for the order to fire."Zaff," called The Admiral, "You're in the best position to take their lead ship. Remember, no prisoners alive."Krid said nothing as explosions lit up the sky around him."Shall we fire, sir?" Lang asked.Krid shook his head no. "Tell my squadron to stand down," Krid said."Stand down," Lang called into the radio, and then looked at Krid in bewilderment."Do you remember the men who died for Lod," Krid asked Lang."Yes," Lang replied. He was beginning to sense something important in Krid's voice."They died fighting to protect Lod because it was their duty. He was their Liaison. They went to their deaths without knowing that they were really fighting to hide his personal crime," Krid said, his voice growing louder. "How many wars have we fought for the Liaisons? How many of our men have died for the Oligarch's personal goals? We didn't want these wars, and we aren't going to fight them anymore.""This is an order, Zaff," called the Fleet Liaison over the radio, "Fire on the pirates or you will be executed. Let me talk to Lod." "Lod's dead," Krid called back.The static on the radio accentuated the silence.Krid finally spoke."I hope this wasnt a mistake," he said softly, "but whether it was or not, my course has been set.""Captain Greggan," the Fleet Liaison called on the radio, "I want you to train your guns on Zaffs ship and fire."The only response was static."Greggan has stopped firing at the Reds," Lang said to Krid. "His ships are swinging around." Greggan's voice came over the radio."Krid, you old troublemaker," Greggan called, "What are you up to?""You don't still remember the hare-brained plan we came up with in our naval training do you?""Yes," Greggan replied, "I do, but that was thirty years ago! We were much too idealistic back then. You're not going to actually do that, are you?""Just watch me."Greggan laughed. "Ha, ha! I love it. Never a routine operation for you, huh Krid?"Greggan's guns remained silent."This is an order for every man in the squadrons of Zaff and Greggan," shouted the Fleet Liaison over every Purple Man's headset. "We have traitors in our midst. Arrest Zaff, Greggan, and anyone else who refuses to fight for the Oligarchs!"Krid looked around at his men. They didn't move."Open fire on the traitors!" the Liaison yelled.Many of the Jaka warships began firing at the Krid's and Greggan's formations. On other ships, shots rang out as men battled furiously for control."Marka and Leck's squadrons have stopped firing," Lang said. "They have joined us."Down in the gun bays of Krid's Frigate, the men were cheering."Krid! Krid! Krid!" they shouted. Their cheers were so loud that it drowned out the concussions of cannon fire striking the hull.***On board one Gallaxeon, a gunner looked up in amazement as another Gallaxeon swung into view outside his open gun bay door."Open fire on that Gallaxeon," called his commanding officer."Thats Captain Greggans ship!" cried the exasperated gunner."Thats right," replied the officer, "Hes joined that scum Krid Zaff in some kind of rebellion!"The gunner turned back to look at Greggans warship for a few moments. Then he pulled out a knife and slashed the power cord to his cannon. The nearby gunners looked in surprise at their defiant comrade."Any friend of Krid is a friend of mine," the rebellious gunner said. The other gunners pulled out their knives and followed his example.***Gavin stared in amazement at the Purple Man fleet. Many of its guns were silent, while others were being fired at each other."Whats going on?" Gavin asked Jeff."Theyre fighting with each other, just like before," Jeff mumbled.***After a few minutes, the flagship of the Sixth Fleet was now alone. Only its guns continued to fire, but it wasnt firing at the Reds, but at the rebellious warships of its own fleet."Lets go, men!" Krid shouted. His craft roared toward the flagship with its guns firing. Soon, other ships followed him. Gavin watched in confusion at Krids ship and the other warships of the Sixth Fleet as they turned on the flagship."They are fighting each other," Gavin stammered.Krid brought his ship up behind the flagship and it hovered motionless under its stern. Then men spilled out of the bay doors and scrambled onto the hull of the flagship. Soon the men disappeared inside the hull of the large Gallaxeon."Theyre attacking their own flagship," Jeff said."Hold your fire!" Gavin called on his radio. "The Purple Men have turned on each other."The guns of the pirate ships fell silent. Right before the Reds began passing through the middle of the Purple Man fleet, the intercoms fell dead.Joe looked out of the bay door with wide eyes as they approached the enemy fleet. Finally, they came up beside the first Purple Man battleship. As they drifted by the ship, he saw row after row of open gun bays. In some bays, the Purple Men were struggling violently with each other. In others, the Purple Men stared back at him behind their silent guns."Why have you stopped firing?" Monterrey shouted over the radio, "Get them while we have the chance. Remember the Buccaneer!""We've lost the intercoms!" his aide yelled back. "What's our contingency plan?"Monterrey just growled and pounded his fist. The two fleets continued to drift by each other in silence, except for Monterrey, who was yelling up a storm of his own. ***On board the flagship, Krid finally burst through the last of the Liaison defenses and rushed onto the bridge. The Admiral and the Fleet Liaison stood on one side defiantly. Only three supporters loyal to the Oligarchs remained by them."Take their weapons," Krid commanded his soldiers as they came onto the bridge behind him. His men took the weapons."Have the fleet set a course for the Jukath," Krid commanded a technician sitting at the communications console. "And get me a Pinak." ***The Red fleet had passed completely through the enemy ships and was on the other side now. Without any way to talk to each other, the pirates had just kept following the Shark until they were clear of the enemy. Then the intercoms sprang back to life."What are you doing, you imbeciles?" shouted Monterrey. "Regroup! Follow me!" Monterrey's ship peeled out of the line and the other ships turned to follow him. The Shark continued to drift without any engines. Monterrey didn't seem to notice the loss of the Shark as he barked out orders to his fleet.***This time, when Krid boarded the Shark, he did so without any weapons. Gavins battered crew gathered around with their guns loaded as Krid came through the hatch."It seems as if your ship is disabled," Krid said, "Are you alright?""Yes," Gavin said, "We lost our engines during the fighting.""You have no need for guns," Krid said, "Our battle with you is over now.""But what happened? Wait. First, could you do me a favor?""What?""Could you jam our transmissions one more time?""My pleasure," Krid said with a laugh. In an instant, Monterreys shouting was drowned out by static."Thank goodness," Jeff sighed."And your fleet abandoned you?" Krid asked, "They have all retreated to low orbit.""They wont listen to me anymore," Gavin said, "And I must warn you that they may attack again.""We now have foes much more dangerous than your comrades," Krid said, "Our Oligarchs are powerful indeed. Hopefully you can return to your planet soon.""We should be able to get at least one of the engines running," Gavin said."Good," Krid said. "I envy you. There's a long road ahead of us before we get home.""Are you rebelling against the Oligarchs, then?" asked Mabok."Yes," Krid said to the Purple Man."Then I want to come with you," Mabok said. "If you will accept a deserter.""Yes," Krid said. "Funny isn't it? Now we all are deserters. We would appreciate your help. And the Hadran too, if he wishes."The two Purple Men went and gathered their things to go with Krid. While they waited, Lang helped Sam through the hatch."Sam!" the Reds yelled. "He was wounded in the fight on our Pinak," Lang said. "And, I must thank him for saving my life," Krid said. Then Mabok and Denz returned ready to leave."Good-bye," Gavin said before they climbed through the hatch, "I dont know if we will ever see each other again, so I wish you luck.""Thank you," the Purple Men said and then turned to leave."Remember us!" Wes shouted as they left."We will," Mabok said, turning back. He took one last look at the Reds. He stopped last to look over the faces of the three astronauts who had come so long ago to steal his ship. "Ill remember my ship, too. Take good care of her while Im gone.""We will," Cliff said.***Down on the surface of the Earth, the people were ecstatic. General Monterrey had returned victorious. The papers were elated to report how the outnumbered Monterrey had attacked the Purple Men so fiercely that the enemy gave up the fight. The confused aliens had fled. They left Earth orbit and were never seen again. The whole alien fleet had gone. After several days, a parade in Monterrey's honor proudly marched through the capital of the United States. People from all over the nation gathered to watch the momentous procession pass along the boulevards. While confetti poured down from above, bands marched proudly through the streets followed by gallant lines of soldiers. Men who had participated in the battle followed in shiny automobiles. Then the hero of Planet Earth, General Monterrey, rode by in his limousine, waving proudly to the onlookers. The attention of the entire world was focused on the celebration.During all of the excitement, no one noticed a crippled spacecraft lying far outside a remote town. The Shark had come to a shuddering halt on the soil of Earth once more. After crash landing, the battered engines went out and wouldnt light again. The men on board tried to repair them again, but it was no use. ***No one saw them later as they trudged slowly in a ragged procession along a dirt road. They had worn and dusty clothes made of old uniforms and hand-sewn lizard skins. Gavin and Jeff walked in the front, scouting out a trail for the rest. Cliff clutched the star charts that he had labored over for so long. Sam walked along in the dust with newly fashioned crutches, a bandage marking where his leg had been. Javier walked along beside him, wiping sweat and dust from his forehead. A few circling birds were the only witnesses as Joe and Frank carried the crippled Wes on a stretcher. Wes adjusted the bandage wrapped around his head that covered a wound from the last battle. Calvin came behind them with Jose helping him stumble wearily forward and his dog Baker walking faithfully behind. These men had bandages and scars, but no medals waited for these wounded. Although fireworks lit up the skyline over Washington D.C. and crowds cheered for General Monterrey, only an abnormal abundance of falling stars flashed through the night sky for the forgotten crew of the Shark. The debris from the battle was raining down on the Earth and creating a brilliant firework display in the stratosphere. No one cheered for the men of the Shark, but they couldnt care less. Cliff looked up at the familiar stars of home and smiled with delight. The rest of the men gazed around them with joy at their wonderful home planet. It felt so good to have the Earth under their feet again. Returning to their families was what they wanted most. Now they were finally home. When they got into town, the dusty crew rested on benches and railings by the town hall. Wes begged a little money from some startled pedestrians. He walked up to a payphone and put the coins in the slot and punched in a familiar phone number."Hello? Mom? Its me, Wes! Yeah, Im back. Well, its a long story. Ill tell you and Dad later. I know. I cant believe it either, but Im finally back. Were home."   10Jose drifted lazily at the end of his tether on top of the Shark. Every once in a while he steadied himself with his hand and looked through his binoculars to make sure no one was following them. The hatch beside him opened and Javier climbed out."Shift change," Javier said over the intercom."Great!" Jose laughed, "Im going right down and getting some supper.""Youd better stop in the left equipment bay when youre done," Javier advised, "Thats where all the fun is, but make sure Jeff doesnt find out.""Okay.""Anyone following us?""Dont look back, but that red sedan has been tailing us since Ninth Street," Jose joked."Five bucks if you lose him," Javier added with a grin. "So, jokes aside, the Purple Men arent following?""Nope. Were all clear," Jose said."Great."Soon Jose was inside. He took off his helmet and went to the kitchen to have some gruel. Wes came in and started gulping some water."Whats up, Wes," Jose asked, "Youre sweating a little bit, there."Wes looked around and motioned for silence."Dont wake up Jeff, because were supposed to be working," Wes whispered, "but were having a weightless volleyball tournament in the equipment bay."Wes wiped his forehead and turned to leave."This Ive got to see," Jose said as he followed along. Wes popped the hatch into the left bay and looked around before slipping in. Jose followed and closed the hatch behind him. Jose got in a line behind Wes to wait for his turn to play. Everyone but Gavin, Cliff, Jeff, and Javier were there.Jose tapped Wes on the shoulder. "Hey, Wes," he said as he watched the game, "How does this work?""Oh, man, this is awesome," Wes said, barely containing his excitement, "Three guys take the back wall, three guys take the front wall, and the object is to get the ball to touch the other teams wall.""Is there a net?""Nah," its legal to bounce it off of the floor, ceiling, bay door, or the middle bulkhead.""What about all the crates in the middle by the cannon?""You just have to try not to damage any of our equipment," Wes said nodding. "Oh, yeah, and you have to serve while you are standing on your wall."Jose looked at the men, who were standing on the ceiling and walls, some upside down, others sideways. The ball ricocheted off the walls and streaked around the room. Some men took off their magnetic boots and leapt off of the walls to block shots, then tumbled around until they could steady themselves against another wall. One shot bounced off a players head into the hands of his teammate, who spiked it onto the wall between two opposing players. A cheer rang out. The winning team did high fives and did tumbles and flips in the air."Weve got to do this again," Joe said as he panted."Tomorrow when Jeff goes to sleep again," Wes said, and everyone nodded agreement. Then it was time for Wes and Jose to play and two others stepped out."You Reds know how to have a good time!" Denz chuckled.***Jeff thought that things were a little bit strange when his shift reported the next day."Frank," Jeff asked curiously, "How did you cut your face?"Frank hesitated for a little bit."I was shaving and the dog ran into me," Frank answered."Right," Jeff said sarcastically. Frank shrugged his shoulders."If you are going to horse around, just dont get hurt, okay?""Yes, sir."Joe and Sam acted like they were oblivious to the whole thing. Jeff left and then the three men on his shift grinned at each other. They had been very lucky. Jeff wasnt in a bad mood this morning like usual. They followed Jeff into the equipment bay, where they floated in a circle and Mabok joined them."Alright, men," Jeff started, "Today were going to be working on the engines. Mabok is joining our shift to give us some instructions. I hope you men have been practicing your Purple Man language skills in your free time, because Gavin is not going to be here today to translate."The men looked at each other warily because they hadnt practiced the language in their free time as much as they should have. Franks bandage attested to that."Joe will take first shift as lookout and well trade off every hour to give the others a rest from the repair work.""Right," Sam answered, "Lets go."The men grabbed tools and headed for the engine room."Kas Latten?" Frank asked, which means, "Can we eat?" It was one of his favorite phrases. "Kas Latten! Kas Latten!" Frank and Sam repeated as they handed cases of tools through the hatch. Mabok just laughed to himself. ***Gavin went up to the telescope dome. Cliff was floating upside down, scribbling on a large paper map. Cliff looked up and saw him."Gavin," Cliff said to greet him and then turned back to his work.Gavin waited for him to finish writing. Cliff sighed and stowed the chart on the wall."I havent been able to figure out where to go," Cliff said. "I cant find any familiar stars. They must have taken us pretty far.""They couldnt have taken us that far," Gavin said, "There should be a supergiant star or something that is familiar.""Well," Cliff replied, "I can see distant galaxies that I recognize, but that only shows me what direction we are pointed. That doesnt show me where Earth is. Its as if we were somewhere on Earth with just a compass; we know which way is north, but we have no idea what part of Earth we are on without some nearby landmarks.""Well, I dont know what to suggest," Gavin said."My only guess is that we should keep moving and hope we find some better clues," Cliff said with a shrug. "Ill keep trying."***"Krid," Lang called as he approached Krids bunk."What is it, Lang?""We have the spare engine assembled and installed.""Good," Krid said as he climbed out of his bunk, "How good is it?""Not as good as the original, but it works.""Then let's find them.""So, what is the plan?" Lang asked as he looked over Krids shoulder."Well, we have no idea where the Reds went, Lang."The Liaison Officer, Lod, came over next to them. "So what trick do you have up your sleeve now?" he asked."Sometimes it just comes down to a lot of hard work," Krid answered as he concentrated on the screen. "Now we get to really earn our pay. Set course for that star," Krid said as he pointed to a dot on the screen. "Well begin a spherical search pattern.""Yes, sir."Javier tossed and turned in his bunk. He couldn't sleep. He picked up a notebook he had been using and started reading it from the beginning. He had started writing a journal shortly after ramming Krid's ship, but that was a long time ago.Javiers diary18 OctoberI decided to start writing a journal, mainly because there isnt much else to do. In our free time, we worked on learning to speak Purple Man with Denz and he showed us how to repair things around the ship.20 OctoberToday I was lookout during our shift. I had to stand up on top of the ship with binoculars. I almost froze out there and I didnt spot anything the whole day. I ended up singing songs to myself to pass the time.23 OctoberToday during our shift we practiced flying the ship again. Then Cliff had us clean up one of the equipment bays and dump out extra junk we wont need. After our shift was over we played volleyball in the bay again.25 OctoberI was lookout again today. I noticed after a couple of hours that one of the stars was very close. We flew over to it to investigate, but it had no planets, just a big disk of dust around it. I was a little disappointed. I was looking forward to landing somewhere. After that, Cliff was really frustrated. He still hasnt been able to figure out where we are.31 OctoberWe headed over to investigate another star today. It was a double star that was very pretty, but no planets. Denz cut my finger really bad today as we were working on an engine. I had to ruin my shirt to keep blood from flying everywhere. Wes was just laughing at me the whole time, so I filled up his bunk later with old food containers.3 NovemberWe saw a cool nebula today as we passed by. There were some bright stars in it, but Cliff said that there wouldnt be planets around them. I dont know how he figured that out, but thats what he said after he looked through the telescope. We had to clean up the exercise room today.7 NovemberThis week weve been studying Purple Man language a lot. Today was supposed to be "Purple Man day." We couldnt talk in English at all, just Purple Man. It didnt work very well, though. Wes was the first to cheat and speak English because he just had to tell this funny joke and he didnt know how to say it in Purple Man.10 NovemberWe checked out another star today: nothing. The stars seem to be getting farther and farther apart, so Cliff and Gavin decided to change our course. All of the guys in Jeffs shift are really mad at each other. Something happened while they were playing volleyball in the bay. I told Frank that it wasnt something big enough to get mad about, but he wouldnt listen. Gavin said he might reassign the shifts to split them up.14 NovemberThe last couple of days, Jeffs shift was split up and our shifts were changed around a little. I had to work during the time when I used to be sleeping. It really wiped me out, but fortunately we are going back to our old shifts today.21 NovemberWeve checked out three stars in the past week and none of them had planets. Cliff told us today that hes worried about our food supply.25 NovemberToday we went on food rationing. We only get two gruel bags a day now. I just eat one in the morning and one in the afternoon, but Wes couldnt handle going that long without food, so he dilutes his two bags with water and makes three servings out of it. 28 NovemberIm really getting restless lately. I cant stand this ship, day in and day out. Even Wes is a little depressed that weve been confined in here so long. Some guys got in a fight today. I think Chuck was cheating with the rations. 1 DecemberWe checked out a star today. It had a couple of planets, but there was nothing on them. I would have liked to land, but Jeff and the others didnt want to waste time. Its too bad; we could spend a little time on solid ground again.4 DecemberJeff announced that we only have three weeks of food left. Thats if we go down to one and a half bags a day. Today was the first time that the thought crossed my mind that we could die out here. In our shift we practiced defending against enemy boarding parties and we had some war games. That was pretty fun.5 DecemberIf I do die out here, and someone can get this to my family, I just want them to know that it doesnt bother me too much. For my parents: thanks for teaching me and helping me out with so much stuff when I was growing up. Thanks for having patience with me. For my brothers and sisters: I hope you still go up Johnson Canyon and have barbecues, even when Im not there to bug you guys until you do it.12 DecemberWes woke me up today by spraying ice-cold water in my face. In our shift today we practiced getting on our space suits quickly. I got down to one minute fourteen seconds.13 DecemberI locked the panel shut on Wess bunk today while he was sleeping inside. When he woke up, he had to yell for someone to get him out, and they didnt hear him for about half an hour.***Javier sighed, closed his notebook, and slipped on a headset to listen to what was going on around the ship."Ship sighted!" Cliff called on the intercom from outside at the lookout post."Where is it?" Gavin asked quickly over the intercom."It is orbiting the planet that we are approaching.""Everyone get to your posts!" Jeff yelled loud enough that everyone could hear.Javier jumped out of his bunk and ran to his post."Cliff, this is Gavin. Tell me what you see.""I dont think theyve seen us yet.""Well have to get ready to fly without intercoms," Jeff said."Okay, everyone," Gavin called as he took his position on the bridge, "Get on your suits and get to your posts. I want all the hatches open and get ready to lose the intercoms.""Denz, Sam, and Joe, man the cannon," Jeff called as he positioned himself in the exercise room to see Gavin in the mirror, "Cliff, can you see from up there which gun we should fire?""Lets use the right side, Jeff. Gavin, do you see it now?""I dont see it, Cliff.""Okay, Gavin," Cliff called, "Yaw about fifteen degrees to the left and down two degrees."At Gavins commands, the ship swung around. Gavin scanned out the windows."I see it now, Cliff," he said."Jeff, Im going to bring us alongside," Gavin said as he began to signal.Jeff copied his signals and the men watched him and operated the ship like clockwork.The men in the equipment bay stood next to the cannon and waited as the other ship swung into view. "Its like a Pinak," Sam called from the bay, "But it looks different.""How is it different?" Gavin asked, "Its out of my view now.""It is more rounded," Sam described, "Its got kind of a mottled color. There are containers fastened to the outside.""Any movement?" Gavin asked."No lights or movement," Sam answered.Gavin waited for many minutes, waiting to see what would happen. The other ship didnt seem to be responding."Cliff," Gavin called, "Leave the lookout post and get some men ready to go over and board the ship. Ill bring us up close.""Okay, Gavin," Cliff answered."When you get on board, if anything moves," Jeff warned, "Blow it away."Gavin eased the Shark over sideways until it was a few yards from the Pinak. Cliff grabbed a gun with a gas cylinder and battery pack, and the others did the same. Denz handed around the grappling hooks. Cliff raised his arm and lowered it to signal the men to fire their hooks, which streaked out and stuck to the side of the Pinak. Soon they were drifting towards the other ship as their grappling hook motors pulled them closer. When he got close, Cliff stuck his feet out ahead of him until they stuck to the hull of the other ship. The other men did the same, detached their grappling hooks, and hung them from their belts. Cliff pulled his gun out and led the way up on top of the Pinak and along its top to a hatch. He leaned down and tried to open the hatch, but it didnt budge. Denz leaned down with him and they both heaved until the hatch cracked open. "The airlock wasnt pressurized," Cliff called. He looked down inside and then looked around him. "Were going in, Gavin."Cliff and Denz pushed themselves through the hatch. The airlock was dark. Cliff looked through the airlock window into the cockpit, but could see nothing."Gavin, this is Cliff. Tell someone to bring a light over.""Right, Cliff. Ill send Mabok over."The men waited in a tense darkness until Mabok handed the light down. "Cliff," Jeff called, a little worried, "Tell us what is happening."***Denz turned on the light and it lit up the airlock. Denz pointed it into the cockpit and peered at the controls. "The controls are strange," Denz called, "The buttons are all brittle and cracked and the letters in the inscriptions are written in a different style than Im used to."Denz opened the hatch into the cockpit. The light cast a wavering glow on the seats and windows. Cliff aimed his gun inside and stepped in. Denz followed."Were going into the cockpit.""What does it look like, Denz?" Jeff called."There are no indicator lights on in the cockpit or any other sign of life," Denz reported. "All of the writing seems weird. It is like you would see in the old museums.""It reminds me of a Carvak," Mabok called from the outside."Yes, it is like a Carvak," Denz agreed. "But no one has built a Carvak in five hundred years.""Check the title plate," Mabok suggested."It is the Taino," Denz reported after a little while."Ive never heard of it," Mabok called."Neither have I."Each switch and dial on the instrument panels cast a long shadow as Denz swept the cockpit with the light. To the right, a helmet was floating above one seat, attached to it by a strap. To the left there was an open storage locker with someones shoes in it. Among the buttons and gauges on the ceiling, there was a drinking bottle in a brittle cloth cover."Were heading down to the exercise room."Cliff felt a little strange in the Carvak, like he was in a museum. He gently pulled himself through the airlock into the exercise room. As Denz came inside, the light brightened up the room and they gazed on a normal-looking room with personal belongings and clothing stowed on the walls and in lockers. Drinking containers and other signs of use were scattered around."Its like we just broke in on a frozen moment in time," Cliff said to himself. "This may be just like they left it 500 years ago," Denz murmured."Who was it?" Gavin asked."It must have been the Tonns," Denz answered. "Not even the Hadrans got out this far 500 years ago."They kept going and found themselves in the ships quarters. The bunks were arranged much differently than the men were used to. Shoes and jumpsuits were poking out of open lockers, and one bunk had its panel open and a half-open sleeping bag floated inside. "There are a lot of clothes and belongings lying around," Cliff commented."Yes, it looks as if they packed up all of the valuable stuff and left," Denz said."Imagine if you could see one of Columbuss ships just as it looked when he pulled into the harbor in Spain," Cliff said, "Everything exactly where it was left, and undisturbed for centuries."They drifted up into the kitchen and looked around at the old equipment and discarded utensils. Some containers were brittle and barely staying in one piece. When Cliff or Denz brushed them, they disintegrated into a shower of fragments and dust."Check for something we can eat," Cliff suggested.Denz looked through some lockers and pulled out what looked like food bags. The bags were old and brittle and the stuff inside was as hard as a rock. Denz held one up for Cliff to look at and Cliff took it in his hand and turned it over."I dont think so," Cliff said, shaking his head, although he was giving the packet some heavy consideration.The men floated back into the cockpit and Denz took another look at the ships plaque."Heres some small writing scratched into it," Denz said pointing. He held the light closer to it. "Can you read it?""It says, We ventured to pass through the barrier in this ship twenty and two years after Jeshan of Bija first navigated it. It is said that Jeshan saw the Wadi after he went up from here many days. Our fuel having wasted away, we took leave of our vessel to join our brethren in the vessel Antedd to return home. It is hard to go home because we are sure that we were very close to finding the Wadi. We finally sighted the new stars that Jeshan had described."***Later, Cliff and Denz were sitting in the telescope dome as they cruised away from the strange craft. The men had sealed up the Carvak and left it where they had found it."What do you think the new stars are?" Cliff asked as he scanned the sky through the scope."I dont know," Denz answered, "I remember hearing the word Wadi. It was in an old story.""So, who are the Tonns?" Cliff asked."It's a long story," Denz said, "About a thousand years ago, the people you call Purple Men lived on the planet Jaka. It was a time of great prosperity and growth. Even though Jaka is a very cold planet, the people had created controlled habitats for themselves and most were living a life of luxury. All of the people were united under one government and were at peace with each other. The people were able to devote much time and money to space travel and built a spacecraft called a Voidann. It was capable of reaching other stars in only a short time. For several years, the people of the planet Jaka built many spaceships and sent them to nearby star systems. The Voidann was so successful that it is still used today. In fact, this Pinak here has a Voidann-type engine."More than a hundred years after the exploration started, an economic collapse occurred suddenly. It was hard for the people to survive. Some could cope better than others, so there began to be a separation of the people into a rich class and a poor class. Any nonessential activities had to be canceled. So far the explorations had not found anything of commercial value and there was no profit in exploration, so the explorers were ordered home and their ships were to be sold as scrap. "A man named Hadro was just a boy when the last Voidann returned to Jaka, bringing back the last of the Purple Men from outer space. He remembered hearing about the space voyages and saw some of the old spacecraft in museums and junkyards. Hadro learned all he could about the Voidann spacecraft and studied space travel all of his life. He didnt care that there was no profit in it. After he was an old man he finally succeeded in rebuilding a Voidann that could once again fly to the stars. He gathered together a group of people who were disgruntled with life on Jaka and wanted to leave. They took the Voidann into space. No one knew where they went, and they were never seen again."During this same time, the rich class had been exploiting the poorer people to get gain. They did this because they wanted to maintain their life of luxury, even though they were living in a time of economic decline. Because the government supported the rich on Jaka, many groups broke off from the Jaka government to form separate countries. The largest of these was Ramasia. The Jaka were angry with the defectors and declared war on the Ramasians. A bitter struggle followed in which the Ramasians were defeated. However, the Ramasians are a proud people. Even today they have kept alive their own cultural identity. They are stubborn and strong and the Jaka have been trying to keep them under their control ever since that time."For four hundred years, the Jaka fought with the other renegade states and sought to bring them under their domination. Finally, the Jaka emerged completely victorious and once again ruled the entire planet of Jaka. "After the wars were over, the people had no purpose or vision and the economy began to stagnate once again. Corruption became rampant. A group of rich and powerful families decided that they needed to do something about the political stagnation. They rose to power to govern the planet as a council of oligarchs. "All of these hundreds of years, there had been rumors that aliens had been visiting the planet Jaka and had abducted many of the people. The Oligarchs capitalized on these rumors and convinced the people that antagonistic aliens did exist. The Oligarchs started a campaign to find the aliens and destroy them to make Jaka safe. The people on Jaka believed their Oligarchs and supported them in the search for the enemy aliens. The plans of Voidann resurfaced and were used to create a new fleet of spacecraft. "By strange coincidence, there were aliens nearby. They were the descendants of Hadro and his colonists. They had wandered the star systems and finally found a planet that was hospitable. Even though the planet had no oxygen, the climate was warmer and more comfortable than the planet Jaka. Most of Hadros people settled on the new planet and adapted to the conditions there. The colonists named the planet Hadra, after their leader. After a period of expansion, the Jaka found the Hadrans and started another war. They claimed jurisdiction over Hadra, even though the Hadrans had lived there and governed themselves for six hundred years. "The Jaka subjugated the Hadrans, too, and made them vassals to the Oligarchs. Once again, the Oligarchs needed an enemy, so they turned to the remainder of Hadros people who had not settled on Hadra. They are called the Tonns. They are very fierce and strong-willed. They live a hard life of wandering among the stars. The Tonns have traveled farther than any other spacefarers in this galaxy. Im not even sure how far they have gone."The Jaka could not defeat the Tonns because they were so far away. It took too long to reach the star systems where the Tonns roamed. The Jaka overcame that obstacle by creating the Jukath, or the Ion Course. It is much faster than the Voidann-type spacecraft. The Jaka were able to build the Ion Course deep into what we call "The Tonnspace." Then the Jaka were able to send their combat craft quickly to areas where the enemy was sighted. That is how they have been able to attack the elusive Tonns. The Tonns are still fighting against the Jaka even today. They are savage and ruthless. It takes a special kind of fighter to equal the Tonns. That is why the Sixth Fleet is made up primarily of Ramasians, who are the best fighters on the planet Jaka. I think the Jaka found your planet by accident. They were searching for the Tonns and stumbled upon it. That was most unfortunate for your people, I guess. "So, you got more of a story than you wanted, I think," Denz finished."It helps explain how the Tonns got so far out here," Cliff said."Yes," Denz said, "and now you know why I am so eager to fight against the Jaka."Cliff sat in deep thought for a while, absorbing all that he had heard Denz say. Gavin came up the ladder."How long before we get to the next star?" Gavin asked Cliff."Its very close," Cliff answered, "probably half a day if we cruise at full power."After a moment, Gavin and Denz left, and Cliff was just looking through the scope by himself. The stars jiggled a little bit in his viewing lens as the ships main engines roared to life again. Gavin must have turned them back on so that they could get to this next star quickly. Soon the Shark was hurtling along. Cliff was startled when a star dimmed noticeably. The view in the scope had been brightly sprinkled with stars, except for a few dim patches. Now there were stars and clusters disappearing all over and leaving large tracts of empty black sky. "How could that be?" Cliff asked himself.Javiers Diary19 DecemberWe found an abandoned ship, which seemed to be really old. That was pretty cool. Shortly after that, Cliff said that we must be going through a dark rift. That is a dark cloud of dust and gas that blocks out light from the stars. We couldnt see it before, but Cliff says that most of the stars around us have disappeared from sight. Unfortunately we are down to one gruel bag a day. Im so hungry that I just have to try to think about something else. Denz and I are making a chess set for Wess Christmas present. I just hope that he doesnt make his own before then, because hes been talking about it a lot.22 DecemberWe checked out another star today, and it did have planets, but they are all big gas giants. We didnt figure that any of them would have food, so we didnt stop anywhere. I dont see how we could find food out here anyway. Theres nothing to make food out of on any of these planets. Maybe if we had seeds or something we could grow food on the right kind of planet. We have so little food left that I dont think we have any time to wait for anything like that, though.25 DecemberFor Christmas, Jeff decided that we could have a feast. We all got to eat two gruel bags. I feel a little better, but I could have eaten five. Denz and I gave Wes his Chess set, and he was very happy to get it. Were going to start a tournament.26 DecemberI ate my last gruel bag today. The rest of the crew ran out after the feast yesterday, but Gavin decided that Cliffs shift could get the last few servings. The problem is that we have to be on duty now, because we got to eat. Well be on duty for twenty-four hours straight. The rest of the guys are just lying around. I wish there was something we could do, but all we can do is wait. I cant stand to be lookout out there in the cold on an empty stomach. Cliff pulled out one gruel bag he saved and he said that the first man to sight a planet gets to eat it as a prize. Everyone volunteered to take a shift. This morning I spotted a star with a planet, so we are heading towards it. Ill eat the gruel tonight. I couldnt stand to eat it alone, so Im going to share it with Wes. Im out of paper, so Ill end my journal today.    6Soon the Pinak was cruising gracefully out of the star system. In the opposite direction, the Buccaneer receded from sight as it headed back to Earth. After a day, a little white star seen out of the windows of the Pinak was quite bright and large. Gavin went up to the telescope tower and found Cliff."Cliff," Gavin said, "Start scanning for planets as soon as you can. I think we are inside the star system now.""Okay," Cliff said, "Itll take several hours.""We can wait," Gavin said."And what about the temperature?" Cliff asked, shivering "It feels like about forty degrees in here.""Im working on that. Youll just have to live with it for a while," Gavin replied. Everyone had been asking him that.***Four hours later, Cliff climbed into the cockpit with a drawing. Here you go, Gavin," he said, pointing to the paper, "I found six planets with Denz's help. These four here are crescents, so they are closer to the star than we are, and these two are beyond us. The outermost three looked like gas giants.""Alright," Gavin said, eyeing the chart, "Well set course for number three, since it probably isnt gas. How far away is it?""My calculations say that it is about a billion miles," Cliff said. "The trick will be learning how to enter orbit around the planet," Gavin said."It's good that we have Denz to operate the computer for us," Cliff mumbled.Gavin nodded in agreement as the ship started vibrating from the main engines.***Cliff drowsily floated out of his bunk and went up to the cockpit. He saw Baker, Calvins dog, poke his head out of Calvins bunk. The panel was open just enough for him to get his head out. Cliff smiled and patted Bakers head as he drifted past the bunk. Baker barked and started scrambling around in the bunk until the panel slid open, and Baker drifted out. Cliff watched with amusement as Baker landed against the panel of a bunk across from Calvins and took a spill. Cliff didnt have time to stay and watch, and he headed up to the cockpit. Gavin was still there, nodding off in the chair."Hows it going, Gavin?" Cliff asked.Gavin snapped awake and looked out the top windows. He pointed up, and Cliff looked out. The planet was now a brownish disk. They were definitely getting closer."Great!" Cliff yelled. "Were almost there!""Its about time," Gavin said, "Weve been trying to approach this planet for more than forty hours. Mabok could have done it in about twelve with the computer.""Lets go eat," Cliff said. Cliff started back to the kitchen when Baker floated through the bottom hatch. They watched as he flew across the room. Baker was just bouncing off the walls, but he was starting to be able to get around pretty good. "Maybe," Cliff said, "Wes wont have to finish making those magnetic dog shoes.""Hes taking so long that by the time he gets them done, Baker wont need them," Gavin replied."I heard that!" said Wess voice from inside the next room.***The planet below was barren, gray-brown, and heavily cratered. After two days of orbiting, Cliff had drawn a rough map of the whole planet. No water, plants, or sign of any people living there could be seen, even with the telescope. Denz was adamant that it was a fueling stop on a supply route that was regularly used by Jaka ships, which might make easy targets. After a few days, Jose called on the intercom from on top of the ship."Somethings moving over there!" he called excitedly."Where?" Gavin asked.Jose paused, "Five-three-four and three-sixteen," he finally said. "Cliff!" Jeff yelled, "Get a look at it with the telescope!""Right!" Cliff answered and headed to the telescope tower. Cliff put his star map aside and swung the scope around with the high-pitched whine of motors. Soon he was looking at the right coordinates. He wobbled the scope back and forth until he spotted the object. It was long and bright. Cliff recognized the protrusion on the back of the object as a telescope tower."Its a ship!" he yelled. "Looks just like ours! All of the ships we've seen so far are the same gray color.""It has to be the Jaka!" Denz said as he entered the cockpit, "No one else would be out here.""Good," Gavin said, turning the Pinak around and firing the engines. "Get a gun crew ready!" Jeff yelled down the hatch, and several men scrambled out of their bunks. "You know, as a kid," Gavin said a few minutes later, "I always wanted to be a pirate, but now I just think of them as criminals.""Well, Gavin," Denz said, "I prefer to think of us as privateers. We aren't stealing ships just for the money, but we're fighting for our people.""Yeah," Gavin answered, "That works better for me.""The money certainly doesn't hurt, though," Denz added with a grin. "I'll take the controls, since you don't know the computer very well."They sat silently for a while, as the ship got closer. After fifteen minutes, instead of a bright speck, Gavin could start to see its shape. Jeff went to the equipment bay. Denz swung the ship around sideways so that the gun could fire at the ship. So far it looked like the enemy hadnt spotted them. Cliff came into the cockpit.Gavin leaned back to shout through the cockpit hatch at the other men. "Tell them they can open the bay door now!"Jeff heard from inside the bay, slammed the airlock shut, and started to crank the bay door open. The gun crew was ready with their suits on and already standing by the gun. Just as they were about to start firing, the lights on the Pinak flickered and the ship started turning around. The enemy ship was drifting out of their gun sights."What are you doing?" Jeff called on his intercom to the cockpit, "Stop turning the ship!""I'm not doing it," Gavin called back. "We're having trouble with the controls!"Just then all of the lights went out."They have control of our computer," Denz said to Gavin, frustration in his voice, "Get your cyber attackers to lock the Jaka out of the power controls.""Cyber attackers?" Gavin asked, confused."Whoever does your computer security," Denz explained. Gavin just looked at him blankly. "Who was the one who knocked out the computer on the Buccaneer when you captured it?" Denz asked."No one," Gavin answered."No one?" Denz exploded, "You don't have any one sending virus attacks at the enemy?""Nope.""How did you keep the enemy from getting access to all of your computerized controls before?" Denz asked, starting to panic.***Meanwhile, Jeff got the gun crew to crank the gun around to follow the enemy ship as the Pinak kept rotating. Joe aimed the cannon and fired, but just then something exploded in the back of the equipment bay, just behind the gun crew. "They overloaded the gas generator by remote control!" Denz called on the intercom. Debris flew everywhere and gas rushed out of several ruptured pipes. Frank rushed to close the gas valves, and the gas stopped leaking. When the debris and gas cleared from the bay, the enemy ship was still there. It didnt seem to be damaged. Joe must have missed."You were never a very good shot," Jeff said to Joe, who had been aiming the cannon. Jeff started cranking the gun back into place."Im hurt," Joe replied on his intercom. "Joe, you know I was just kidding about being a lousy shot," Jeff said, turning to face Joe. Jeff stopped short when he saw Joe clutching his arm with a grimace of pain. "Oh, you mean youre wounded!" Jeff exclaimed."Ive got a leak," Joe gasped.Jeff grabbed Joes other arm and rushed over to the airlock with him floating behind. Some men took their places beside the cannon and Jeff saw a flash of light when they fired it. He shut the airlock door and started pumping the air back in. As the air filled the airlock, the ship lurched again and Jeff could hear metal groaning. He turned on his intercom."Gavin!" he called, "Let's get out of here. This isn't working!""They have complete control of the ship now," Gavin said.Everyone looked at each other with a sinking feeling when they heard Gavin say that on the intercom. It seemed like they just lost the battle."Let's go back to manual control," Jeff said as he tried to get Joe into a bunk. "Turn off the computer!""You can't operate the ship without a computer," Denz wailed, "You're insane."Gavin shoved him aside and flipped a circuit breaker that shut off all of the computers."Everyone, get to your stations at the thrusters and the engines," Gavin called over the intercom. "We're going to do this manually like we did before!"The men scrambled to their posts and took up position. Now there was something they could do about their plight. They all seemed to feel a surge of adrenaline. The fight wasn't over. "Full power on the main engines! Yaw left at five power. Now...Now! Pitch up at three power. Now...Now!" The ship lurched forward and swung around. Denz almost fell over in shock."You're flying the ship without any computer safeties?" he gasped."That's right," Gavin said."The men are piloting the vehicle by hand," Denz said in awe as he looked around. "One slip and you could easily be destroyed, or crash! I've never seen this before. You're taking your life in your hands in a dangerous vehicle." "Millions of us do it every day on my planet," Gavin said.As they passed by the enemy ship, Jeffs gun crew kept firing until it went out of sight behind them. Gavin kept the engines at full power until the enemy Pinak was gone. Luckily, they werent being followed. Cliff looked out the side window as the enemy ship disappeared. After an hour, Gavin cut the engines off and left the cockpit. He went to the bunkrooms. Luckily, only Joe had any injuries. Javier had some medical training, so he had been able to stitch up a cut in Joes arm. Gavin went back up to the cockpit and sat down wearily. The enemy had taken over their computer and sabotaged several components on their ship before Gavin had shut the computer off. They could have been easily killed. This piracy wasnt going to be easy.***Six days later, the ship was in orbit around a different planet. Denz told them where they could stop to repair the damage. After firing the engines, they found themselves flying through the atmosphere of the barren planet. Halfway down to the ground, the ship started to get hard to control. Apparently there had been more damage to the engines than they thought. Gavin was barely able to bring the ship down in one piece. As it was, the ship came to rest on a steep hillside, and fell over, then crashed onto its side. The passengers and any loose bags were tossed all over.Cliff and Wes climbed out of the top hatch in their space suits. It was awkward with the ship lying on its side like it was. The sky was very pale, but there was some kind of air, and the sun was shining brightly. They looked around at their surroundings. There was a random smattering of craters and hills. After a few minutes walking around the ship, they headed back inside. Gavin was standing on the cockpit wall, because everything was on its side."The ship looks pretty stable," Wes said. "It probably won't shift anymore.""Good," Gavin replied, "Let's get to work and fix this baby up." A work team suited up and headed outside. It was cold and dry, but it felt nice to have solid ground under their feet. They found that they didn't need to keep their helmets on, and they could talk to each other through their oxygen masks. Denz set to work showing the crew how to repair the damage. ***After helping clean up the ship, Gavin headed back into the engine room to see how things were going. He found Denz next to a maze of pipes and valves. Calvin and Jose were sitting next to him. Denz tightened a bolt and leaned back as he opened a valve. Gas sprayed everywhere from one of the joints in the pipe. Denz staggered back as the gas sprayed in his face. Calvin tried to block the spray with his hands so he could get closer to the pipes. The frigid air was beginning to form ice on the machinery around it. Denz wiped his face off and began cursing in his language. Finally Calvin closed the valve, and the high-pressure stream of fluid weakened and then slowed until it was just dripping. Denz continued cursing and spitting. Jose leaned down and wiped off a gauge near the valve. Denz blinked and peered at it."Forty!" Denz yelled angrily, "Blast it! We have to fill it all over again. Blast!"***Wes was standing on the side of the hull by the nose. He had a can in one hand, and a wadded up T-shirt in the other. The T-shirt was all red, and Wes had red paint smeared all over him."Whats going on, Wes?" Cliff asked."Cliff!" Wes called, "Hey, come on up here!"Cliff climbed up on the hull and walked over to Wes. "What are you doing?" Cliff asked as he looked around."Im painting a sharks mouth on the ship! Hows it look?"Cliff then realized what it was. A large gaping black mouth with sharp white teeth, and red outline was painted on the gray hull."I found a bunch of paint stuff that they use to coat engine parts," Wes said, "and I decided that this ship was just too drab, so I painted on a sharks mouth!""Thats pretty nice," Cliff, replied with admiration, "It looks just like those old airplanes.""Yeah!" Wes answered excitedly, "Thats where I got the idea. There werent any brushes, so I used a couple of old shirts."Cliff looked at Wes's handiwork for a few moments."Um, Wes, theres one problem--""And Im going to paint an eye up there. Itll look just like a shark, because the whole thing is gray, and its shaped kind of like a shark anyway, except that it has corners. The telescope tower looks just like a fin. I might even paint some gill slits farther back. Itll be great!""Wes, shouldnt the mouth be curved down, you know, kind of like a mean scowl or something?""Curved down?" Wes asked, "Oh, yeah it is, see at the corner of the mouth there?""But thats the top of the ship down there," Cliff said, pointing to the top of the hull where the hatch and cockpit windows were. "You have the mouth curved up."Wes squinted around, looking at the ship in silence for a long while. "Well, you know, with the ship upside-down on the slope of the hill and all--That ends at the top, and I thought... Since it sloped up that way, I didnt stop to think about--""--thats alright, Wes. It doesnt look too bad. Itll be okay."Wes tilted his head sideways to look at his painting.I guess its kind of a toothy grin, isnt it?""Well, it still looks pretty mean to me, with the sharp teeth and all, but it is kind of a goofy smile."Wes looked at the sharks mouth for a while."Ah, who cares? No Purple Man out here knows what it's supposed to look like except us, and well all be inside where we cant see it anyway!" Wes said."Yeah, just paint the eyes and gills and itll look pretty good."Jeff walked up to them, fidgeting with his oxygen mask."I have a suggestion, Jeff," Wes said."Go ahead," Jeff said with a wave of his hand."Seeing as we still dont have a name for our ship," Wes started, "And with my good paint job in mind, I suggest that we name this ship the Shark.""I dont know how you can call that paint job good," Javier grumbled as he walked up behind Jeff."Hey!" Wes replied defensively, "Its pretty nice, you have to admit.""No, I dont," Javier answered."Well," Jeff cut in, "Any objections to Shark?"There was silence and a few shrugs."Okay, Shark it is," Jeff said, "And now lets get back to more important work. We're going to use the thrusters to tip this thing over and get out of here."***"Looks like some kind of vacuum cleaner," Gavin said, turning a gun over in his hands. Jeff shook his head and fired the device at the wall. A projectile flashed through the air trailing a cable. A reel on the bottom of the device let out the wire with a whine. Then the projectile stuck securely to wall. Jose, who was standing nearby, tried to pull it off of the wall, but it stayed tight. Jeff smiled and pressed a button and the projectile detached and fell to the ground."Its a kind of grappling hook!" Gavin said excitedly. Jose placed the hook near the side of the ship and it stuck to the hull with a pop. "How does it stick?" Jose asked."I don't know," Jeff replied, "but I have the perfect plan for using these.""They sure could make fishing easier," Wes grumbled, and rubbed his large stomach."Call the men together and I'll tell them the plan," Jeff said to Gavin, "And Denz, see how many more of these we have." ***"I think the plan will work, Gavin," Jeff said."I cant think of anything that can go wrong," Jose said."Well," Wes added, "It is complicated, but itll certainly work better than what we tried last time."The conversation was interrupted by a flash of light and a blast of hot air. A crackling rumble came from the other side of the Shark. They all leapt in the air and Jeff sprinted around and slid to a stop on the other side. A blackened crater lay next to the Shark, with smoke still drifting up and dust everywhere. Jeff pulled out his gun and scanned the horizon. Gavin came behind him. Denz followed and put his hand on Gavins shoulder. "I told you not to put the propellant and primer close together!" he told Gavin, pointing to the crater. "You lost twenty cannon rounds.""How..." Gavin stammered."The propellant and primer for the cannon," Denz explained, "You put them together, and Boom! Thats why we keep them on separate sides of the bay. If you put them close by each other, they will explode. Were lucky no one was hurt. How are we going to defeat the Jaka when you can't follow simple instructions!"***Outside the windows of the cockpit the blackness of space drifted by lazily. It was the last day of a long week. They had expected to see action and battle shortly after launch, but it hadn't materialized. Out of sight below the ship, sunlit craters and mountains of a windswept world were passing by slowly. The lazy feeling in the ship was shattered when Cliff called from the telescope tower farther back in the ship."Incoming ship!" Cliff yelled. "You can probably see it through the cockpit windows."Gavin grabbed binoculars. Soon he had spotted it also. After gauging the distance to the other ship and the planet, Gavin smiled to himself. They were in a perfect position to execute their new plan. Down in the bunkroom, the men sprang to action, scattering playing cards everywhere. Excitement charged the air as the men climbed into their gear and hastily prepared the ship for action. ***Cliff, Gavin, and Jeff sat in the cockpit tensely. All the men were waiting at their posts."Should be any time now.""Do you think we got the timing wrong?" Gavin said, checking some gauges."I hope not," Cliff answered.Light shone through the cockpit windows and lit the cockpit brilliantly. A thin crescent was all that could be seen of the planet below, which was now a lot farther away.Then, the light suddenly faded. The sun was disappearing behind the planets edge. Soon only a sliver of light could be seen, and then the sun vanished. Gavin reached up and shut off the cockpit lights. Cliff could only see a few dim instruments glowing red in the control panel at first. After a few moments he could see the stars through the windows. "Lights out!" Jeff yelled.The faint glow coming up through the floor hatch in the airlock behind them was suddenly extinguished. Now everything was pitch black except for the stars and dim instrument lights. Frank was glad that he had learned how to operate his thruster blindfolded, because now he had to. He thought about Sam, who had trained with him, and wondered if he and the others on the Buccaneer were home yet."Stay on the lookout," Jeff called through his headset to Javier, who was outside of the top hatch with binoculars attached to his helmet.The ship was eerily silent for many minutes. Everyone stood motionless at their posts and didnt utter a word."Guys," Jeff called, starting to feel nervous in the silence and darkness, "You can talk all you want. They cant hear us.""Im not taking any chances," Wes called from the maneuvering thruster right below the cockpit."Its a vacuum outside, Wes," Jeff called, "Sound doesnt travel through it.""Thats what you think," Wes replied."I see something coming around the planet. Its still in the sunlight," Javier called through the intercom. "Small object moving at three thirteen, forty five!"Gavin jumped to look out the windows and gave commands to turn the ship to the coordinates. He aimed the nose of the Shark right at the enemy vessel."We see it," Gavin called. "Fire the main engines, men.""Are you sure they cant see the engine exhaust?" Cliff asked."Were pointed right at them, so the ships hull should block the light coming from the engines," Gavin answered. "Anyway, well know soon enough.""Id say its about four miles away," Javier called through the intercom. Gavin looked at his watch.  "Cut the engines," Gavin told the men, who pulled the throttles back."Clear the main fuel lines!" Jeff yelled back."The ship just went into the planets shadow," Javier called."Stay calm, everybody," Jeff called out, "They cant see us.""Javier," Gavin called, "Tell me when you can see it.""Im looking," Javier answered. The cockpit was unbearably dark and quiet for several minutes."I see it!" Javier called excitedly. "Stars are blinking out at six twenty-one and one ten! And theres light combing from a window.""Turning to those coordinates!" Gavin said, and gave the command to fire the maneuvering thrusters, which were positioned on the four corners of the Shark. Fortunately the maneuvering thrusters didnt spit out a visible flame like the main engines, so Gavin still didnt have to worry about the approaching ship seeing any light that would give away their position. As he finished his turn, he saw several stars wink out, and then he saw a black silhouette in the sky. Light came out of a window in the black silhouette."I see it!" Gavin called. "Now well get even closer and hope they dont spot us."Gavin was anxious and sweating from the strain. He gave orders to the men as they inched closer to the silhouette in the stars. It was getting bigger."Get ready to turn," Gavin said."Lights out in the right-hand bay!" Jeff shouted, "Open the door!""Yaw left at five power," Gavin said. "Now!"The Shark was pointed straight at the shadow. Then it silently swung around so that the right hand equipment bay would be pointed at the other ship. "Cancel the yaw...Now!""About two hundred yards!" Javier called.Gavin bit his lip as he concentrated hard. Javier called out periodically from his lookout post."One hundred yards!""Really close!"Javier felt like the other ship should be able to see them. He could see a telescope tower and a blocky shape. "How long do we have, Cliff?" Gavin asked.Cliff looked at his watch."About ten minutes until the sun comes out," Cliff answered."Wed better hurry," Gavin replied."Looks like about fifty feet!" Javier called."Do you see it from the bay?" Jeff called on his headset as he floated downstairs and headed for the equipment bay."We see it!" came the reply from the equipment bay. "Joe, Jose, and Denz, leave your thrusters and get to the bay quick!" Jeff called. "Ready, Gavin?" Jeff asked."Ready," Gavin answered."How about you, Javier?" Jeff called over the intercom."Looks good from here!" Javier answered.Jeff took a deep breath. "Okay," he called over his headset, "Fire the grappling hooks!"Seven men stood abreast in the equipment bay in the open doorway. They each held up a grappling hook and fired. With a lurch, seven hooks shot out and flew straight towards the black shape. Jose felt the vibration from the grappling hooks gun as the spool of cable unwound. Then the vibration stopped, and the cable went loose. "Mine is secure," Jose called out.***The Purple Man Captain Kom floated in his bunk on board the other ship. He heard several clangs come from the engine room and felt the ship lurch slightly. He thought the crewmen were messing around. He hoped that they hadnt broken something loose or damaged anything. He turned back to a report and kept reading."...this suspicious activity requires that all ships, even freighters, maintain a full alert at all times," the report read, "Recently, a Jaka Pinak reported that a ship approached without identifying itself. It is likely that the ship was manned by Red pirates from a newly discovered planet. A battle ensued in which the Jaka Pinak was able to disable the pirates with a cyber attack. However, even with a fully successful computer takeover, the pirates were still able to fire their cannon and control their ship. The Jaka Pinak suffered several hits before the pirates escaped. It is possible that they have a new type of computer warfare that we don't understand."Captain Kom stuffed the report into a locker and turned off his bunk light. The government was getting fanatical again. He figured he didnt really need to keep the men on full alert. He'd tell the men in the morning. ***The seven Reds grabbed a tether and clipped it onto a cable. They released their magnetic boots from the floor, and gripped the cable in one gloved hand, their stolen alien guns in the other. Denz had helped train the men on how to load the guns with gas, charge them with power, and fire them. Each man had a belt of gas cartridges and a battery strapped to their hip to reload their guns. "Go!" Jeff called over his headset.The men started floating along the cables, helping themselves along with their left hands while they gripped their guns with their right. Joe didn't get far before he came back."My arm is still hurting too bad," Joe said to Jeff, who nodded."Next group, ready to go," Jeff called. He took up position by a cable along with the rest of the crew. They got ready to slide along the cables after the first seven men were safely on the enemy ships hull.***Purple Man First Mate Kren felt a strange swaying motion in the floor of his ship. He looked down at the freighters control panel. "Sir," he called out, "Im getting radio transmissions from nearby.""Where?" the second mate asked."It seems like an intercom outside the ship at about a hundred feet," Kren answered."Probably just some reflected signals," the second mate said, "Don't worry about it."***"Two minutes to sunrise," Cliff called at the same moment on the Sharks intercom.***On board the freighter, Kren had to shade his eyes when the sun came out from behind the planet. In a few seconds, the full strength of the suns light was beating down on him through the cockpit window. As he let his eyes adjust, he heard the top hatch open and close, and then the airlock started pumping. He casually looked through the small window and saw several men in the airlock. He looked again in shock at their faces. The men were Reds! He started towards the ships control panel, but one of them held his gun up to the window. If the Red fired, it would shatter the glass and let the air out, and Kren didnt have a space suit. He held his hands up and walked away from the control panel. A few moments later the airlock clicked open and the men came out. One of them pushed Kren and the second mate to the wall and pointed his gun at them. Then they waited and four more Reds got into the airlock from outside and started filling it. ***Captain Kom heard other bunk panels opening and closing nearby. It must be time for the next watch. The Captain looked at his clock. There was still another hour left for them to sleep. Could the crew be getting up early? He reached over to open the panel to his own bunk, but it slid open before he could touch it, and a Red was floating there. The Red had his helmet off. At first sight, the Captain could see why they were called Reds. The man was pinkish-tan, not a normal pale color. The Red raised a gun to point at him, and the Captain knew it was over. He cringed and waited for the shot, but it didnt come. He opened his eyes again. The Red hadnt fired. The reports had said that they were bloodthirsty criminals, but to his surprise, this Red hadnt killed him yet. The Red motioned for the Captain to get out of the bunk. Several other Reds were waking up the crew and forcing them into the cargo hold. Soon the Captain was in the hold with them and a Red walked up to him."We will put you down on the planet," Gavin said to the Captain. The crew was amazed that he spoke their language. "You wont be hurt unless you resist."Now Captain Kom knew why they were called savages. The Reds were going to maroon his crew down on the planet and let them slowly die without oxygen. These pirates were worse than the stories about them.***The Purple Man crew of the freighter waited listlessly in the small crater on the surface. The Reds had taken them down to the planet and left them in this bowl shaped depression. Several Red guards were standing on the rim of the crater with guns at the ready.Captain Kom reached in his magnetic boot and pulled out a small transmitter."Dont worry, men," he said into his space suit headset, "I smuggled an emergency radio with me. There was another ship close behind us. Its a Navy Slok, which is a warship almost twice as big as the pirates Pinak. One quick call and the Slok should be bearing down on the pirates at full speed.""Good thinking, Captain," Kren said over his headset.Kom turned some knobs and dials on the small radio. He started transmitting on the radio using a code similar to Morse code. ***In the large cockpit of the Slok, a Purple Man crewman quickly detected the message."Captain!" he called."What is it, Lieutenant," the Captain answered as he strolled over to him."We're picking up an emergency transmission.""What is it?""It's the code for hijacking. It's coming from the Valtari system.""Plot a course for Valtari at high speed," The Captain called to the man piloting the Slok."Captain," the Lieutenant said, "I'm getting a message in standard code on the same frequency. I'll copy it down. It's from the freighter Condor.""That's Captain Kom's ship," the Captain mumbled. After a few minutes, the Lieutenant was done copying down the message."What does the full message say," the Captain of the Slok asked. The Lieutenant pointed to the screen."MAYDAY, MAYDAY," the message said, "FREIGHTER CONDOR HIJACKED IN THE VALTARI SYSTEM AT VALTARI THREE. RED PIRATES ATTACKED AT NIGHT FROM LESS THAN ONE HUNDRED METERS. THEIR SHIP WAS IMPOSSIBLE TO DETECT. WE DIDN'T HAVE A CHANCE TO FIGHT. WE'VE BEEN LEFT TO DIE ON THE SURFACE.""Two vessels in sight on the telescope!" a Jaka crewman called to the Sloks captain as he read the report. "We're picking up the computer signature of the freighter Condor, so that must be one of them, but we're getting nothing from the other ship's computers. "What type of craft is the second ship," the Captain asked, "Can you see in the telescope?""Were so far away that it's impossible to tell what the second ship is.""Lieutenant," the Captain said, "Read me the message we got from the Pinak that was attacked a week or so ago.""ALERT, ALERT," the Lieutenant read, "UNIDENTIFIED VESSEL ENCOUNTERED AND ENGAGED IN THE BERENZ SYSTEM. CYBER ATTACKS SEEMED TO HAVE SUCCEEDED IN TAKING COMPLETE CONTROL OF THE ENEMY VESSEL. HOWEVER, AS WE APPROACHED TO BOARD THE VESSEL, IT'S COMPUTER SIGNATURE ABRUPTLY VANISHED FROM OUR SCOPES AND THE VESSEL TURNED AND FIRED ON US. WHILE WE TRIED TO REACQUIRE THEIR COMPUTER SIGNATURE, THE VESSEL DISAPPEARED.""Hmm," the Captain mumbled as he scratched his chin, "If we can't pick up their computer signature, and cyber attacks are completely ineffective..."***Cliff got into the right side equipment bay of the Shark just as they were attaching cables to what remained of the Soyuz capsule, which was still wedged into the back of the bay. A crane taken from the hold was attached to the edge of the open bay. The cables went from the Soyuz to the crane, and then through some pulleys. Cliff grabbed one of the cables to help out. Lots of men were already gripping them. A few had metal bars and were trying to pry the Soyuz out."Okay," Jeff said over the intercom, "Lets try it again. One, two, three!"The men hauled back on the cables as the others tried to pry the capsule loose. It was hard to pull on the cable. There was no gravity to help by leaning back. With all the men helping, the Soyuz finally scraped loose and pulled away from the wall. Then it slid slowly out of the bay. Once the cables were detached, the other men hauled them back. Cliff looked at the Soyuz and thought back to its first flight. He was a little sad to see the capsule go. Several pieces of debris followed it as it drifted away."Okay!" Jeff called, "Lets get the supplies from the freighter and put them in the bay!"The men filed off to the freighter."Where is the freighter's landing craft we sent the prisoners down in?" Cliff asked Jeff."Our guys should be bringing it back right now," Jeff answered. ***"Hold on," the telescope crewman on the Slok called. "There is another ship coming into sight that I hadn't seen before." The telescope man on the Slok, who at such great distance could not tell for sure what the ships were, saw another twinkle of light as the Soyuz drifted away from the Reds Pinak. "Another ship!" the Captain gasped, "How many of these pirates ships are there?""There's no way to know if we can't pick up their computer signatures," the Lieutenant said. "There could be others hiding in the planet's shadow. That's how they surprised the Condor.""Captain!" a crewman interrupted, "Another transmission... It says, ' DO NOT DELAY. SET COURSE IMMEDIATELY. THEY LEFT US TO DIE.'""They must be warning us to leave so that we are not captured also," the first mate answered, spooked by the ominous message.The Captain stood silently for a while."Set the engines at full power," the captain said quietly, "Let's get away from here.""Yes, sir."***Captain Kom sat on the planet surface and grumbled, "The Slok should have arrived by now. I just sent another message for them to hurry and get here." The Reds had left in the landing craft long ago."Let's go to higher ground to make sure they can pick up my transmission," Kom said, and motioned to his men to follow and they climbed out of the crater. "If the Slok doesnt come soon, well run out of oxygen." As they cleared the rim, a large stack of crates came into view. "Its food, oxygen, and pressure tents!" a man called, as he looked over the crates. "The Reds must have left them for us!""We should tell the crew of the Slok," Kren said.Kom looked at the transmitter. "The power ran out! We cant call them now."***Reports of the capture of the Condor soon arrived at the Jaka Navy. They sent waves of speculation and rumors among the Purple Men. An invincible, invisible, and murderous fleet of Red pirates could be anywhere. Reports of pirate sightings began coming in all over the galaxy.  EpilogueCliff stared out the window of his office at the sun setting behind the nearby mountains."Daydreaming again, huh?" asked a co-worker from the cubicle next to him."Yeah," Cliff said, "I just cant concentrate on my work anymore.""Well, Im leaving for the weekend," the co-worker said. "Youre the last one here, so youll need to lock up for the night again.""Okay," Cliff replied.The co-worker studied him for a while. "I dont understand you, Cliff," he said, "It seems like your mind is always somewhere else.""Im tired of sitting here at the computer all day. Its just pointless.""Well, Cliff, if you ask me, what you need is to get your feet back on the ground and get on with life. Youve been back from space for a year now, but that is the only thing you think about. I mean, I set you up on a date with a really nice girl last week, but all you talked about was Jupiter.""Whats wrong with Jupiter?""Boring, Cliff, really boring.""I guess so.""Yeah," the co-worker said, shaking his head as he turned to leave, "See you on Monday."By the time Cliff left work, it was dark. After leaving and locking the front door, he paused to look up at the stars.  "Cliff?" a womans voice asked. Cliff jumped a little when he heard it, not expecting anyone to be nearby. He recognized the voice, but couldnt remember where it was from. He turned around to see who it was. A woman was standing on the sidewalk leading up to the building."Yes," Cliff said, looking at the person, "Im Cliff.""I am so glad to have found you," the woman said, "I was hoping that you hadnt gone home yet."The woman walked closer and Cliff suddenly remembered her."Palla!" Cliff said, "What are you doing here?""Looking for you," Palla said."Why?""Denz and Mabok stopped to visit me when they were passing through the star system on their way back to the Jaka planet," Palla said. "They told me about the Wadi Kahn.""I was thinking about the Wadi Kahn just today, Palla," Cliff said. "I was wondering if I would ever be able to go back.""That is why I am here," Palla said, "You are the only one who knows how to get there.""Oh, I can get us there," Cliff said. "Wheres your ship?"Palla paused. "I don't have a ship. I only had enough money to have a transport drop me off here. Don't the Reds have some ships now?""Yes," Cliff said, "But they are all off-limits. The military owns them now."Palla was downcast."Wait," Cliff said, "There just might be an old ship we could use after all."***Javier drove along a bumpy dirt road in his old Toyota."I cant wait for you to see this, Patty," he told his wife, who was sitting in the passenger seat, "I hope you dont mind coming out here on the way back from our honeymoon to check this out.""I dont mind too much," Patty laughed."When Wes and his wife told me at the wedding that they were going to come out here this weekend to see our spaceship, I just had to come. Look, there he is."Javier pulled the car over and parked on a bare patch of dirt next to Wess truck. Soon the four of them were hiking through the brush over a low hill."Its almost been a year since I saw the Shark," Wes said as they walked, "And boy am I excited to check it out. I told my wife, Susan, that Id show it to her before they scrapped it.""Its been a year, has it?" Javier asked."Yep," Wes said, "Time sure flies, doesnt it?""Are you sure it's still here?" Susan asked."I think I see it right now," Wes said, pointing in the distance. The Shark was still lying where it had crashed. The familiar shape of the spacecraft brought back a myriad of memories to the two men as they approached it. Wes cut through a chain link fence and they slid through."Monterrey never did care too much for this ship," Wes grumbled. "You'd think he'd at least give it better security."As they got close to the ship, they heard sounds coming from inside.***Inside the Shark, Cliff flipped a switch and heard the engines roar to life."You did it, Palla!" he shouted with delight. "Lets get ready to take off!" Palla stood back from the engine, wiping off her hands. As they turned to walk up to the cockpit, they stopped short. Wes and Javier stood in their way."Did you think you could get away without us?" Javier asked."I guess I couldn't get away without you the first time, either," Cliff said with a smile, "Dont just stand there. Wes, you can open up the main tanks and I need Javier to power up the maneuvering thrusters.""Yes, sir," the two men said simultaneously.***The next Monday, Cliff didnt come back to work. In fact, he never came back to work again.   11Cliff and Denz sat in the telescope tower in silence."Im getting depressed," Cliff said, "All I can think about is food.""Me too," Denz said."Tell me about Krid Zaff," Cliff said, "You seemed to know something about him.""Sometimes I forget that you are not Purple Men," Denz said, laughing, "I think you should know about these things. Krid is famous among the Purple Men because of something that happened five years ago. For years, the Jaka had been searching for the Shadow Fleet of the Tonns. The Shadow Fleet had been raiding Jaka outposts and isolated Jaka ships, and the Jaka had to destroy it or they would lose their foothold on that sector. However, every time a large Jaka fleet got close enough to attack the Shadow Fleet, the Tonns would quickly disappear and leave the Jaka with only their discarded equipment as a memento. The Jaka knew that the man who found the Tonns Shadow Fleet would be a hero, and they all wanted the honor. Until then, Krid Zaff, a Ramasian Pinak captain, had been little known in the fleet."Krid Zaff knew that the key to finding the Shadow Fleet was to find their supply depot. The problem was that they moved their supply depot any time the Jaka got close. While all of the other Jaka officers focused on trying to sneak up on the Tonn fleet without being spotted, Krid decided he would get to the supply depot and wait there for the Tonns to come to him. Through amazing shrewdness, and a lot of luck, Krid managed to follow a trail of clues to a camouflaged supply base on a remote planet. To make sure the base belonged to the Tonns, he hid his Pinak behind an asteroid near the supply base. When the Tonns arrived and Krid was sure he had the right place, he left his hideout and headed back to notify his superiors. He thought he hadnt been seen, but before long his crew spotted six Tonn ships encircling them at a distance. "As Krid tried racing away, the faster Tonn ships kept up with him and mercilessly bombarded his ship, waiting for Krids men to be worn out so they could board and capture them. Krids crew fought back for hours, even capturing two Tonns who had tried to board his ship. Only Krids wild maneuvers kept the Tonn ships from getting close enough so the rest of their men could board. But, it was only a matter of time before Krid would run out of ammunition and fuel. "In a last effort to save his ship, Krid sent his Pinak into a steep dive towards a rocky planet. His ship fell so close to the surface that his men saw the shadow of their Pinak flitting across the crafters just below them and mountains flashed by beside them. The Tonns kept a safe distance from the surface, so they began to fall behind. The planets gravity catapulted Krids ship ahead of the Tonns. Right before going into the shadow of the planets dark side, Krid ordered his crew to dump out the rest of their ammunition. A huge fireball erupted in the twilight of the planets surface, making it look like his ship had crashed. Krids ship slipped into the night side, then turned abruptly and followed the length of the long narrow shadow of the planet as they sped away from the sun and the Tonns. "The Tonns split up. Some searched the explosion site while others waited for Krid to come out into the light on the other side of the planet. The debris from the explosion and Krids high-speed maneuver had fooled them."Later, when the Jaka fleet came to attack the supply base, the Tonns had already gone, but ever after they would say that capturing Krid Zaff was like trying to hold an angry bee in your pocket. Not many captains can take on six Tonn ships and live to tell the tale."***Calvin sat in the kitchen, looking at his boots. He had brought his cowboy boots from South Dakota and hadnt worn them except for the first day when they had launched the Shark from his farm. He held his dog Baker in his lap. Baker was whining softly as Calvin petted him. He looked his boots over again and tried to figure out how he could eat them. If only he could boil the leather somehow to soften it up. After a few moments, he began to feel very light headed, and he decided to head to his bunk to take a nap before he started cooking. He saw Frank sleeping soundly in another bunk before he floated into his.After a while, Calvin woke up slowly when he was jostled around in his bunk. His head hurt and he wasnt thinking too clearly. He slid the panel to his bunk open and stepped outside. His mind kept telling him that something strange was going on. It finally dawned on him when he stepped on a sharp object that he was walking on the floor without magnetic boots. The ship was vibrating and there were sporadic lurches in the floor as he made his way toward the cockpit. He headed up the ladder to the cockpit and wondered at how hard it was to heave himself up by the rungs. It was strange to feel the pull of gravity again. He poked his head through the hatch into the airlock and looked through the open door into the cockpit. Gavin and Cliff were seated in chairs, and outside the windows there was a brilliant pink and orange glow. Gavin was giving commands into his headset, but Calvin couldnt hear them over the noise of the engines. He climbed into the cockpit and sat in one of the chairs to watch.After a few moments, Gavin got out of his chair to lean closer to the windows. The orange glow had faded and the ship was vibrating much less. Cliff looked out the windows on his side. After a few quick commands, Calvin felt a lurch, and then the ship was suddenly quiet and still. They must have landed. Gavin and Cliff kept giving commands to the men to switch settings on the engines and a host of other details. Calvin was so tired and hungry that he just leaned back and rested his head on the control panel on his right. He was reluctant to hope that they had found a planet with food on it, for fear of having his hopes dashed. He shut his eyes to wait and rest in the stillness as Gavin and Cliff went about their work. He heard movement in the airlock and looked back to see Mabok typing commands in the airlock controls. Mabok stared in awe at what he saw in a readout on the small screen in the airlock. He was still for a few moments, and then he closed his eyes with a smile and gave out a big sigh. "Eighty-two percent nitrogen, eighteen percent oxygen!" Mabok said to Gavin and Cliff. "Wonderful!" Gavin exclaimed, "We can breathe it!""The pressure is a little lower outside," Mabok said as he gripped the hatch lever in his hand and looked at Gavin. "Should I?" he asked, motioning to the hatch.Cliff nodded and headed over closer to the airlock. Mabok gave the lever a pull and the hatch popped open with a loud hiss that lasted for half a minute. Calvin felt wind flow past him as air escaped out of the hatch, and then the hiss died down. Mabok heaved the hatch all the way open until it clanged on the top of the hull, and then he climbed out. Bright sunlight came through the open hatch into the airlock. Calvin felt a hot breeze coming through the hatch and smelled the clean, fresh air. Gavin and Cliff climbed out of the hatch also, and Calvin rested in his chair for a few moments until he mustered the strength to get up and take a look. After so long in cold space with little light or heat, Calvin basked in the warm glare of a sun that filled his whole body with warmth. He looked over the hull of the Shark towards the horizon. Heat waves boiled off the skin of the Shark and made the air shimmer. Soon he was sweating. He climbed down the rungs on the side of the Shark and stepped on the ground with a smile. It had been so long since he had stood on the ground, and he relished the feeling. He leaned down to run the dirt between his fingers, and got a sharp thorn in his index finger. He had never been so glad to get a thorn in his finger before, because a thorn had to be made by...a plant! This planet had life! Calvin looked around at the dark green plants spread out into the distance on the dry dirt floor of the planet.Gavin and the others were gathered around some of the plants. The plants all looked like they had been baked in the sun far too long. The big ones were about eight feet tall and very wide. Sparse, scraggly branches spread out in every direction. The plants had tiny, dark green leaves that had a thin, layer of shiny fur and seemed to have a waxy coating on them. The branches often had thorns and would leave a black, sooty mark if you brushed up against them. Calvin looked around for any fruits, but he could see none on the plant. He scanned the horizon again and took in the reddish-brown hills and peaks in the distance. The baked peaks looked like they had been ancient volcanoes that were beaten down through the years. The hills all had the same bushes, but there were also some spiny looking plants scattered among them. Maybe those plants had fruits."Calvin," Cliff called to him."Yeah?""Bottle up some water and bring it back out here! Were heading over to those hills!"Calvin climbed up the rungs to the top hatch. He found out that he would have to climb quickly, or the sun-baked metal would burn his hands.***Cliff and Gavin headed out over the wide desert floor towards the nearest hills. As they walked towards a dip, the hard dirt floor changed to a dusty powder that swirled around their heavy magnetic boots, and static made the dust cling to their boots. Cliff wiped sweat off of his forehead. Dry, yellow grass covered the ground and stickers and thorns were scattered over the patches of bare dirt. After plunging through some bushes that scraped and tore at their Purple Man jumpsuits, they jumped off a short ledge and emerged into a dry, sandy streambed. A steep dirt wall going up from the sandy bottom marked the other side of the streambed. The wall must have been formed where the ground had fallen away during a flood of water."Lets hope that water runs in this gully fairly often," Cliff remarked as he noticed the washout. They found a low spot in the far wall and scrambled up the crumbling dirt ledge. The hills were much closer now. After a while, they found one of the spiny plants that they had noticed in the distance. It was made of dark green spines radiating out in a ball from a short, thick stalk. The spines were curved like celery, and ended in a hard point. A tall skinny stalk pointed up from the middle of the plant and had a cluster of white bulb-like flowers on it. Gavin grabbed the stalk of flowers and broke it off, and Mabok tried pulling some of the spines out. After a while, he ended up cutting a few off."Well see if we can eat these," Gavin commented as they headed back to the Shark. Over the stream bed in the distance they could see clusters of men standing on top of the hull of the Pinak and several milling around below on the ground.***"It looks like the men are enjoying their new freedom," Mabok said with a smile.***After a short debate, Javier was chosen to figure out a way to eat the spines of the plant. He cut off the sharp tips and chopped up the rest. Denz fashioned a metal pot for him, and some of the others collected dry branches. Soon they had a fire going and Javier carefully dropped the bulbs and spines into the water. He boiled them for twenty minutes before he decided to test them out. The crew was so hungry, that it wasnt hard to find volunteers to try the first taste. The bulbs just boiled apart in the water, so Javier threw them out, but the spines cooked up in one piece. Joe got picked as the first to taste it. He put a piece in his mouth, bit down on it, and chewed it for a while. The men could tell it was tough work by Joes expression. After a while, he swallowed a little of it."How is it?" Wes asked anxiously."It tastes like wood."The men moaned and some threw up their hands. Joe didnt take any more pieces to eat and the rest of the men dispersed to find some shade. Wes lingered close to the fire, grabbed a couple pieces, and popped one in his mouth."Youre going to eat that?" Javier asked."At least it will give my stomach something to work on," Wes said with a shrug.***After an hour, Javier and Wes were lying in the shadow of the Shark. They preferred to be outside, even though it was hot, because they were sick of seeing the inside of the ship. Wes accused Javier of being a lousy cook, and the two argued back and forth for a while. Eventually the conversation died out, until Cliff walked past with a string of water bottles over his shoulder. He was wearing his Earth clothes and shoes."Hey," Wes called, "Where are you going, Cliff?""Im going to look for some food.""Are you going to find any?" Wes asked."Yep.""Then Im coming too," Wes said as he stood up, dusted himself off, and trotted after Cliff."Dont think you can get food without sharing some with me," Javier called out as he scrambled after them. Calvins dog Baker barked as he followed on their heels.They headed out into the flatland in the same direction that Gavin and Cliff had taken earlier, but when they got to the dry stream, they turned and followed its sandy bed."Its almost easier to walk through the bushes than to walk in this sand," Javier grumbled."Yeah," Cliff agreed, "Ive got a bunch of sand in my shoes.""In the arroyos back home," Wes said, "We used to walk in the tire tracks, where the dirt was packed down."Cliff stopped the other two with an outstretched arm. "Did you see that?" he asked."What?""I saw a bird flying away over there," Cliff said as he pointed to some bushes."We could eat birds!" Javier said with excitement."How are we going to catch them, do-do brain?" Wes asked, "With a lasso?""Come on, you guys," Cliff cut in, "Enough of the arguing.""Sorry," Javier replied, "We get a little grumpy on an empty stomach."Wes drank from a water bottles and then poured some out on his head. Javier took the water bottle and started drinking."I think Im feeling a little sick," Wes grumbled as he looked at the sun."This warm water doesnt help much," Javier said as he wiped sweat off of his forehead.The three men continued on until the streambed widened out into a flat depression. Gentle slopes covered with scrub curved up in the distance and the streambed widened out until it almost disappeared. A large dead tree grew out of the dirt a ways ahead of them."Thats strange," Wes said to himself, "How could a tree grow here?""Look at that!" Javier exclaimed, "It looks like a hawk!"On top of a lone, stubby branch of the tree, a dark bird perched motionless. As the men got closer, it stretched its wings and flew off with heavy beats of its wings."That would make some meat," Javier sighed as he watched it. "We should have brought some of those guns.""Right," Wes said sarcastically with a roll of his eyes, "Those Purple Man guns would make chop suey out of a bird like that. Wed be looking for pieces of meat with a magnifying glass.""Hey guys!" Cliff called from farther ahead, "Look at this!"Javier and Wes walked over to Cliff, who was standing over by some plants. When they got close, they found that it was one large plant that spread in all directions like a vine. The vine had fuzzy branches lying close to the ground and dark green leaves. "Looks kind of like a watermelon plant," Wes said as he looked yards away to the other edge of the plant. Several parts of the plant had died and were yellow and dried out. Cliff pointed over to one of the dry vines. "Look," he said, "There are little fruits." Wes leaned down and took a close look at the fruits, which were smooth and yellow and were a little bigger than a baseball."Looks like some kind of gourd," Wes said as he picked one up and pulled the vine off. He brushed a little dirt off of the bottom of it and turned it over in his hands. "I bet we could eat these. Probably taste like dirt, but we could eat them."Cliff looked at Javier and asked, "Are you up to cooking again?""I guess," Javier answered. He took off his shirt, tied the bottom in a knot, and then they all began picking up gourds and putting them inside. After a while they had the shirt full, and Cliff stuffed a few gourds in his pockets before they headed back to the Pinak. As soon as they got back, Javier sat in the shade of the ship and took out a borrowed knife. With Wes looking on, he cut the hard skin of a gourd and pulled it open. The inside was filled with a white stringy mass and scattered throughout were flat, oval-shaped seeds."What do you think?" Wes asked."I think I can work with this," Javier said.After half an hour, the men lined up for food. Javier sat next to the smoldering fire as the men came up to him with their improvised dishes and silverware."Now, you know that I could have done better with some more time," Javier said as he served up spoonful of mash onto Joes plate."Im too hungry to wait," Joe said, "Give me another spoonful."Javier gave him another blob of the boiled gourd and continued to dish it as the other men in the line came up to him. When everyone had taken a share, there was barely enough left for Javier. He didnt think that the men would have wanted so much, but he must have underestimated how hungry they were."How is it, boys?" Javier asked as he grabbed some with his fingers."A lot better than the last stuff," Joe said as he chewed laboriously."It doesnt have much taste to it, and its pretty stringy," Calvin said between bites, "But itll do in a pinch."Javier didnt care that it was bland, either, as long as it filled him up. As they sat eating, he noticed that the sun was getting lower and the Sharks shadow was getting much longer. At least now it would cool off.***As the sun dipped behind the horizon and the temperature cooled, Jeff organized a search party to go to the top of the nearby line of hills and take a look around. Denz volunteered to go with Jeff, who also took Joe, Frank and Sam. They were all loaded with bottles of water. Even though the men were reluctant to carry the extra weight, Jeff made them take guns also. As the five men set off, the twilight dragged on. The sky still had a slight pink tint where the sun had set."The days are long here," Joe said as they trudged through the dust, "It still isnt dark."Frank juggled his water bottle and took a gulp as he walked. The air was still warm enough that they were sweating.As they started up the foot of a rust-colored hill, the scrub and thorns thickened and they found themselves crawling under branches, and wrestling plants aside in order to keep going up. The reddish rocks were still warm to the touch. They startled several birds, which fluttered off quickly. After scrambling up some jagged rocks and pulling themselves onto the top of the hill, they got their first look around. A few peaks were visible towards the dim glow where the sun had set. Jeff started jotting down some notes and scanning the horizon with binoculars. "Well call that way west," Jeff said, pointing to where the sun had gone down. In the east, foreboding mountains stretched across the horizon. Even though they were jagged and barren, the sharp shadows and pink glow made them beautiful. In between them and the western horizon, they could see the Shark, with yellow light emanating from the windows and hatches. The streambed below them continued north until it branched into a larger riverbed, which was also dry. As Jeff noted the different landmarks around them, Frank and Sam continued along the rocky crest of the hill."It looks like theres--" Jeff began to say. A clattering of rocks and a yell from Frank stopped him. Jeff could see Frank lying on the ground. Sam, who was nearby, ran over to Frank to see if he was hurt, but Frank held out his hand to warn Sam from getting close. Frank was holding his left leg with his hand and grimacing."Whats wrong?" Sam called from several yards away."Load your gun," Frank called, "Something bit me. It's over there."Sam hastily fed a cylinder into his gun and powered it up, snatching glances in Franks direction. "Where is it?" Sam called. "Somewhere over there in those boulders," Frank said, pointing to some large rocks about ten feet away. "But I cant see it in this light. Ooh, my leg is going numb."Sam strained to see it, but it was hidden among the rocks in the darkness. Jeff came up next to Sam and raised his gun also. Frank lifted himself up on his hands and began to slide backwards along the rocks. Then he heard a hiss and a large creature leapt onto him. Jeff saw the creature leap up onto Frank and fired his gun. Then he lost sight of it in the shadows. Denz was with them now, and he pulled a thermal knife and started towards the creature. Jeff saw the thing move again and heard Sams gun fire. The creature jumped, this time landing on a patch of pale dirt. Denz could see it easily and he leapt on top of it, jammed his knife into its neck as hard as he could, and then sprang back on his feet. The thing lay still."Lets get out of here quick," Sam said as he loaded his gun and looked around him. Jeff ran over to the motionless creature and looked it over."You help Frank," Jeff said, pointing to Sam, "And the rest of you help me with this.""You want to take it with us?" Sam asked, astonished."It might make good food," Jeff said as he grabbed one of the things limbs and began to pull. Denz sheathed his knife and reluctantly grabbed the other side of the beast. Jeff motioned Joe to come over and lift its head. Joe winced with disgust and grabbed the things head. They headed down the rocky slope as quickly as they could, grunting and straining to get down. Unseen thorns and branches scraped against them in the dimming light and they were breathing hard by the time they reached level ground. They were startled by the sound of a tumbling rock or scraping branch. At the bottom, they headed out across the sand, dragging the beast behind them and leaving a furrow in the sand from the beasts tail. Frank limped along with Sams help, stirring up clouds of dust with his leg. They heard shouting from Gavin and Javier, who had heard the gunfire and came running in their general direction. "Were over here!" Frank yelled, and soon the two men got to them. "Franks hurt," Sam said. Javier turned on a flashlight and went over to Frank, who pulled up one pant leg. In the light, they could see some painful-looking red depressions in a circular pattern on his leg. In a couple of places the skin had broken and bled a little. "Ill check it out back at the ship," Javier said, "It doesnt look too bad.""Shine that light over here," Jeff called. Javier went over to the men carrying the beast. They dropped it to the ground with a thud. The animal was very heavy and it was a relief to get a rest. Joe had blood on his shirt from the things neck.When the light shone on the animal, Denz gasped sharply. It was covered with overlapping gray and brown scales about three inches long. It had a large head and mouth, four legs with long, sharp toes, and a wide, flat tail with a pointed end. It had small eyes and large, bowl-like depressions on each side of its head, which must have been its ears."Reminds me of the Wadi Kahn!" Denz exclaimed."Whats the Wadi Kahn?" Gavin asked."Its a planet in stories for the Hadran children. It has chimera that roam there, or beasts like this one," Denz answered."Can you eat them?" Joe asked."I dont know.""Lets get it back to the ship and find out," Jeff said. The men crouched down, grabbed the chimera, and lifted it with a grunt.***Wes woke up slowly. It felt like it was morning. He lay in bed for a while, but couldnt get back to sleep. He opened his eyes and slid the panel open on his bunk. He looked around, and others were still sleeping in their bunks. He stretched and headed up to the ships top hatch, which was open. Cold, crisp breezes drifted in through the hatch, and Wes shivered. He climbed up the ladder and peeked out the hatch. It was still dark outside, and the stars were shining brightly. He was about to go back below when he smelled smoke, with a hint of something else with it. He shuddered with the cold, but climbed up anyway to get on top of the hull to look over the edge. There was a large fire going below with something cooking on a spit and some men huddled around it. He slid quickly down the rungs of the ships ladder and over to the warmth of the fire before he squeezed between two other men. He looked at the strange hunk of meat cooking over the fire."Whats that?" he asked."Chimera leg," Jeff answered."Can you eat it?""Its pretty good," Joe answered as he leaned over to the spit and cut off a hunk of meat. He handed it to Wes, who juggled the steaming meat in his hands and bit a piece out of it. It was light meat and tasted good. Wes was so hungry that he wolfed down the rest, without waiting for it to cool. After he had several more pieces, he sat back."It seems like it should be morning now," Wes said."It should," Cliff said, from across the fire, "Ive been watching the stars, and it looks like a day here is about forty-eight hours.""I wonder how Frank is doing," Jeff said."Lets go check on him," Gavin said as he got up. Jeff followed him."What happened to Frank?" Wes asked as he jogged to catch up. Jeff explained what had happened as they headed into the Sharks equipment bay and found Frank lying on the floor in some blankets. He was awake."Hows the leg?" Jeff asked."My legs doing much better," Frank said as he lifted it up and flexed it back and forth. "After a couple of hours, I got the feeling back in it and the bite started to hurt. Javier says it must have got some venom in it, because just the bite by itself couldnt have deadened my whole leg like that.""What was it like?" Wes asked."Kind of like my whole leg was paralyzed," Frank answered."Its a good thing it wore off," Jeff said, and patted his shoulder. "Just take it easy for a while to make sure there will be no more ill effects.""Are there more of those chimera out there?" Wes asked."There might be," Jeff said, "As soon as the meat is done cooking, I want everyone back in the Shark to make sure no one gets attacked by another one.""Wheres the rest of the chimeras body?" Wes asked."Over there," Jeff pointed to the other side of the bay. Javier was looking at it and picking at it with a knife. Wes went over to look at it. The head was the only big piece left, with the rest of it mainly just pieces of the bones and scales. Javier looked up to see Wes coming."Check this out!" Javier said. He rolled the heavy head over and opened up its mouth. He pointed to something inside the mouth with his knife. "These are venom sacs. I accidentally got some on my finger and it stung for a while and went numb. Itll probably wear off, though, judging from Franks bite.""How big was this puppy?" Wes asked."It was about eight feet long, four feet high, and about 250 pounds," Javier answered. "It had a cool diamond shaped pattern on its back scales.""This thing gives me the willies," Wes said, shaking his head."Tastes alright, though," Javier said."Yeah, tastes good."***Meanwhile, Gavin, Cliff and Jeff gathered together on the other side of the bay. Jeff looked concerned."I think we need to get out of here as soon as possible," he said, and then pointed to the remains of the chimera with his thumb, "That animal was extremely fast, and hard to spot. I dont like the thought of the men wandering around and getting eaten."Gavin shook his head, "Weve got to get food, and this planet is the only chance we have.""Well, then, lets get a bunch of food tomorrow and then get out of here," Jeff suggested, "We might be able to get a couple more of those animals and a bunch of gourds and take off.""Its awful nice to be on a planet again, though," Cliff said, "and I will be able to spend more time studying the maps if I dont have to navigate.""Cliff has a point," Gavin said, "Its not much use leaving until we know where we are going, and Cliff can spend all of his time doing calculations instead of plotting new maps as we go.""Okay," Jeff conceded, "but we still need to stock up on food so we can leave eventually. If we can figure out how to preserve the meat, we can store a lot of that.""How are we going to kill more of those chimera?" Gavin asked."Well have to shoot them," Cliff answered."How much ammunition do we have?" Gavin asked Jeff.Jeff scowled. "Id say around one hundred shots; not much.""Tomorrow," Gavin said, "I want you to go hunting, Jeff, and Cliff can get more of the gourds. But Cliff, make sure you take some guns along too, just in case you run into trouble."The men nodded and left. The air grew colder and colder as the long night continued. Soon, the rest of the men came into the Shark with the meat and closed all the hatches to keep in the heat while they slept.***The morning sunlight was already shining through the cockpit windows when Jeff and his team were ready to leave the Shark in search of more food. Cliff and his men were still rummaging up equipment they could use to haul gourds back to the ship, while Gavins men were to stay behind at the Shark. The morning outside was very still and peaceful, and just beginning to warm up from the rays of the sun. Jeff pulled the lever that opened the equipment bay door and then turned around to pick up his backpack and the rest of his gear. Joe and Sam were across the bay, still a little sleepy from the long night, and oblivious to everything. Chuck had taken Franks place on Jeffs team and he was wide-awake and ready to go. Thats why he was the first to spot it. It was looking right at him with a steady gaze and just sitting there motionless.Chuck didnt dare to move, and put his hand out from his side to tap Jeff."Close the door," he whispered as he kept his eyes on the chimera outside the Shark.Jeff looked at him questioningly, but noticed Chucks face and knew it was serious. He jammed the lever back, and the door creaked and began to close."Everyone stay still," Chuck said, a little louder this time. By now, the others had followed his stare and spotted the chimera also. They could see it breathe.The chimera leaped forward through the bay door at that instant and headed towards Jeff at lightning speed. Jeff threw himself to the side into a pile of trash. Chuck jumped backwards to get out of the chimeras way. He spun and grabbed a grappling hook gun and pulled it around. The chimera jumped towards Jeff and sent debris flying in all directions as it plowed into the pile of trash. It stopped for an instant, with its front legs perched on a crate and its mouth open wide. Chuck fired the grappling hook, which thudded against the chimera and spun it around a little. It turned to face Chuck, but then it heard Jeff rustling around in the trash. A sharp crack rang out inside the bay, so loud that it pounded Chucks chest. Jeff had fired his gun. The chimera sprang back and Chuck saw that one of its legs was gone, but its missing limb didnt stop it. By now, Joe had loaded his gun and he fired, and the chimera collapsed against the wall. Sam started towards Jeff when he noticed a darting shadow out of the corner of his eye, and he was suddenly slammed to the floor by another chimera. He fell on his stomach and felt a sharp pain in his leg, and then an immense weight on top of him.Chuck saw the second chimera enter the bay and jump on Sam. Chuck fired his gun, but missed. Joe was desperately loading his gun to fire again, and Chuck grabbed a fire extinguisher. He sprayed the chimera that attacked Sam, but then turned to spray a third chimera in the face as it came towards him. It had come through the bay door, which was now only open about three feet. The mist from the extinguisher surrounded him. Chuck saw a chimera through the fog as it left through the open bay door. It was dragging something. Then he heard some more shots. More men were in the bay now and firing fast. Chuck loaded his gun. The door closed and there were two dead chimeras in the bay."Wheres Sam!" Jeff shouted desperately as he clambered out of the trash pile. He threw bags and boxes to either side as he searched through the scattered pile of debris."They got him!" Jose yelled as he loaded his gun. He had entered the bay just in time to see the chimera take Sam out. As soon as he was done loading, he ran for the cockpit hatch with Jeff close behind. Chuck gasped for breath and tried to figure out what to do. He grabbed as much ammunition as he could and ran after them. Jose was the first one to the top hatch. He heaved the hatch open with his left hand, while holding his gun in his right. The hatch clanged on the top of the hull. Jose popped his head out and then immediately ducked back in. The sunlight coming through the hatch was blotted out by the head of a chimera that snapped at the place Joses head had been a moment before. Jose reached out of the hatch, pointed in the direction of the chimera, and fired. He dropped his gun on the floor, and motioned for another. Jeff shoved his loaded gun into Joses hand and started loading the one on the floor. Jose strained his neck to peek out, and fired another shot out of the hatch, then ducked back in. "They're everywhere!" Jose said,The blast from the gun was so loud in the confinement of the airlock that Chuck closed his eyes, and then opened them just in time to see the limp body of a chimera hanging through the hatchway. Jeff tugged on it and Chuck helped him drag it down through the hatch and out of the way. Then Chuck handed Jose a loaded gun when he motioned for it. He heard shots coming from the equipment bay below.Gavin had blocked the bay door all along the bottom with heavy crates, except for a few feet on the right side. Then they opened the door about six inches and started firing out the open slit. Two men were lying stomach down, firing out the slit as several other men handed them loaded weapons. After a few moments, the gunmen called out that it was clear, then jumped up. All the men in the bay readied their guns and then jumped out as Gavin opened the door the whole way.Chuck worked as fast as he could. After a few more minutes of furiously loading guns as they were thrust into his hands, it was all over. Chuck held up a loaded gun out of the open hatch and waited for Jose to grab it from outside on top of the hull."Thats it, Chuck," Jose said. "Were done."Chuck put the gun down and finally got to breathe again. After a few moments he climbed out on top of the hull. The men below were walking around the Shark, poking through the debris. He saw about twenty to thirty chimeras lying on or around the Shark.Down on the ground, Jeff ran around the ship and saw Gavin."Did you find Sam over here?" Jeff called when Gavin looked towards him."No," Gavin answered sadly, "They must have carried him off."Jeff clenched his fist in frustration."They went that way," Gavin said, pointing over the desert floor. "Lets get some men ready to go after him," Jeff said, "If Sams alive, weve got to find him fast."   2Jeff sat nervously in his seat. The onboard air tanks read zero pressure, and he hadnt been able to get a response from Gavin since Gavin had disconnected his suit from the capsule. Cliff squeezed his hand under his arm. It was numb now. Jeff sighed and relaxed in his straps and let himself float. Everything was silent. Space was always silent, but something was wrong. Jeff listened harder, and then he remembered. His helmet had stopped hissing, but he knew that he had plenty of air. He looked at the atmospheric dial on the control panel. It was almost up to normal pressure. He turned to Cliff and saw him lying in his seat, his eyes shut. Jeff gave Cliff a shove and pulled off his own helmet. Cliff opened his eyes and looked at Jeffs helmet floating past. Jeff opened his mouth and breathed."Theres air!" he said excitedly.Cliff pulled off his helmet and breathed. "It's fresh air, too.""Yeah, it doesn't smell bad, like the Soyuz," Jeff replied. Cliff smiled and undid the strap around his hand. It was red and numb. Jeff disconnected his air hose from the console and floated out. Jeff looked around and saw that Gavin was floating on the other side of the bay."Gavin!" Jeff shouted, "You did it!""Now we just need to find out how many Purple Men are on this ship," Gavin said.***Grange paced around mission control. He was almost certain that the Soyuz had been lost."Vladimir, is there any way to know if they made it or not?" Grange asked."Not unless they call in," Vladimir answered."Sir," Bill called from the back of the room, "Why dont you see if the Air Force can pick out the two different ships with their telescopes?""Yeah, call up the tracking station with telescopes on Maui to try and see whats going on. They'll be over Hawaii in several hours," Grange said.***Jeff gave one last try with the capsule radio. "Soyuz to control," he said and waited a few minutes for the answer. "Were out of power.""Blast it!" Cliff said as he leaned in the hatch, "Weve already shut off all the other systems. Is there any way to get more juice out of the batteries?""I dont think so," Jeff sighed, "I think were going to have to figure our way out of this one on our own.""Well," Cliff mused, "I only saw one Purple Man. I bet we could take him on.""There could be thirty on board, just waiting for us to come through that hatch," Gavin said, pointing at the hatchway into the airlock."Why havent they just charged in and killed us already?" Jeff asked."Maybe theyre going to pump the air out," Cliff said. Gavin said, "Lets get out of these damaged space suits and into something that will protect us just in case they do pump out the air.""Yeah," Jeff agreed, "They should have some space suits around here somewhere. All well need to do is figure out how to get them on and working."***Grange plugged one ear with his finger so that he could hear the man on the phone better. "We can't set up the big AEOS telescope that fast," the man repeated, "Plus it won't work very good in the day.""This is a matter of life and death, is there something else we could do?" Grange asked."We could try using one of the smaller scopes in the infrared," the man offered. "But I don't have any official approval to give you any of the pictures. The data from these scopes is classified.""We don't have time to go through proper channels," Grange said, "I'll send you the orbital elements.""Okay," the man replied, "We'll see what we can do.""Good," Grange said and hung up the phone. He let out a deep breath and sat back in his chair with a groan.***After helping Jeff put on the helmet of the Purple Man space suit, Gavin switched on Cliff's air by punching a button on the control panel on the chest of Cliff's space suit."Now for the magnetic boots," Gavin said through an intercom in the helmet of his suit. He opened another locker on the equipment bay wall of the Purple Man ship.He held up a couple of boots and tossed them to Cliff. They glided slowly through the air and Cliff caught them."Now," Gavin explained, "You can put these boots on and they stick to the walls and floor. It helps to move around a lot faster." Gavin pulled his boots on.***Mabok growled and opened the hatch. His base had not responded to his radio call. He climbed out of the cockpit and walked towards the bay to check for damage. He opened the airlock hatch and gasped. Someone was there!Jeff stared at Mabok for a second and then Mabok turned to run. Jeff tried to hold him around the neck and Gavin tried to grab his arms. Cliff rushed forward to help."Trall! [stop!]" Mabok shouted as he tried to struggle free.The three men wrestled him against a wall. "Vrommar! [calm down!]" Gavin yelled.Mabok continued to struggle, but realized it was no use. He turned to look at the Reds and began to realize that he was very alone.***Gavin pushed against the wall a little, to lean closer to Jeff. The Purple Man was tied hand and foot in the corner, with a sullen look. Cliff and Jeff stood close by. They talked in hushed voices and glanced periodically in Maboks direction to make sure he didnt move."We could extract information from him in any number of ways," Jeff suggested in a whisper."I think we had better not," Cliff said, "We arent terrorists.""Cliffs right," Gavin said, "We should stick with the Geneva Convention.""They didnt stick with the Geneva Convention!" Jeff said, raising his voice above a whisper. "Why does it matter what we do to this guy when he's probably killed hundreds of our people?""It matters," Gavin said slowly, "Because we still need to live with our consciences. What we do to him will change who we are.""If we die because we didnt..." Jeff started to say."Youre overreacting," Gavin said."Were not gonna die!" Cliff said emphatically, "Now let's search the ship for any others.""Yeah," Gavin agreed, "Lets move fast.""Fine," Jeff gave in, "Cliff, guard the Purple Man over here and well scout things out.""Sounds pretty good," Cliff answered, "Grab a weapon."Gavin and Jeff rummaged around and ended up grabbing a hammer and a wrench before going through the hatch. To Mabok, Kropans stories of the Reds seemed to be true. They were savages. At first, they were arguing heatedly back and forth. Then, it looked like they were going to beat him with some tools. He sighed when the Reds left the room without doing anything to him.The next room forward was empty when Jeff poked his head in the hatch. Bunks lined the walls and ceiling, but Gavins quick check of the sleeping accommodations didnt turn up anything. A few personal items were floating around, but no more Purple Men.The wedge-shaped exercise room was forward of the sleeping quarters, and Gavin could see at a glance that no one was there. Jeff opened the hatch in the ceiling to find a small airlock. A short glide up a ladder through the airlock, and the two men found themselves in the cockpit. It had several chairs, lots of switches and panels, and some space to float around."Lets hope we can figure this out when the time comes," Jeff mumbled."Ive never seen a cockpit before," Gavin replied as he looked around, "They didnt let me up onto the bridge of the ship I was on. Too much of a security hazard, I guess.""Thats not encouraging," Jeff replied, "Well have to learn from scratch.""If I knew how to read," Gavin said, "It would be a lot easier to learn these controls."Jeff wrestled vainly to open the hatch in the aft wall of the cockpit and called, "Hey, how do you get this hatch open?""Pull the red handle down," Gavin answered, "Its a locking mechanism.""Right."The first room on their way back through the ship was some kind of control room. Food making equipment lined the rear wall. No one was here, either. "We can make food over there," Gavin said as he pointed to the kitchen equipment. "Its not too good.""I dont care right now," Jeff said, "Ill eat anything."***Cliff paced around the equipment bay getting used to the new magnetic boots. He kept his eye on the prisoner and tried to look tough. Mabok shuddered. At least the Reds hadnt shown any tendency toward cannibalism yet, like some rumors he had heard. From what Kropan said, Mabok had expected to be dead by now. ***Gavin and Jeff climbed down into the equipment bay several minutes later. Cliff was glad to see them. So far there had been no sign of the enemy, but there was still more of the ship to search. The engine compartment and the outside hull would be good hiding places, and they planned to search them next. "So, youre not done yet?" Cliff asked."Well look around a little more," Jeff answered, "But I want to eat first.""Yeah," Gavin said with a smile, "but I'm pretty sure that this Purple Man is the only one on board.""Once we're sure no one else is aboard," Gavin said as he motioned the men through the hatch in the ceiling, "We can start figuring out how this ship works.""That should be real fun," Cliff said as he headed toward the hatch.They carried the bound Mabok through the airlock together and then through the ceiling hatch and into a four-foot crawl space above the equipment bay. The kitchen was through another hatch towards the front. Mabok was tied facing one of the control panels, with his hands behind his back. He was a little nervous that the Reds had taken him to the kitchen, thinking of the cannibal rumors. He was trying to think of how he could die nobly when he noticed out of the corner of his eye what the Reds were doing. Gavin had found some food packets and was preparing them. The food was made up of different kinds of soup. A valve on the side was used to fill them with hot water and another valve was for drinking. Mabok relaxed after noticing that they were eating food and not him."I cant believe I find myself wanting NASA food," Jeff said as he sucked on his soup packet."Well," Gavin said between swallows, "Its easy to make, and not too bad.""Mines pretty good," Cliff said with a smile."Yeah," Gavin laughed, "but you liked the Russian potato and cheese stuff yesterday, so thats not saying much.""Guys," Cliff said, turning serious, "What about the purple guy?""Yeah," Gavin said, "I'll see if he wants anything."Gavin used the hot water hose to prepare some food and then handed a warm packet of soup to Cliff."What am I supposed to do with it?" Cliff asked."Hold it up to his mouth," Gavin answered.Cliff gestured toward Mabok with the soup packet. Mabok hadnt been able to understand any of the Reds strange language, but Cliffs offering was plain enough. Maybe they weren't so bad after all.***Grange dashed towards the back of the control room and grabbed the phone from the Russian holding it out to him."Yeah?" he said into the receiver."Those spaceships you wanted me to look for?" the voice said over the phone."Yeah?" Grange said again."We have one on the scope now. I'll send you the images.""What do they look like?" Grange asked."The ship looks like it has a problem.""What do you mean?" Grange asked."There is a big sphere of gas surrounding it, and we can see a couple fragments in the area.""Go on," Grange prodded."There's lots of debris, but the large ship seems to be holding pretty steady.""Thanks for your help," Grange said into the phone, "Good-bye." Grange handed the phone to a Russian and turned to look at several men crowded around him."They can only find one ship," Grange said as he slowly walked to his desk, "Its probably the Purple Man vessel. There is no sign of the Soyuz, so they might have gotten onboard, or they could have been destroyed."***"Gavin," Jeff called as he entered the cockpit, "can you do anything about the temperature?""Im trying," Gavin said with frustration, "but I dont know what I did to make it hot in the first place.""Guys," Cliff told them as he floated into the cockpit, "we are going to have to get organized here. Everything we do, every switch we flip, we need to write down what happens so that we dont keep making mistakes.""Good idea," Gavin said."Yeah," Jeff agreed, "one time is enough with those fire extinguishers. That foam smells terrible!""Thats one switch we wont forget.""I think I still have foam in my hair."***Grange sat in the control room and twirled his pencil around his finger. All he could do now was wait for the telescopes to call in and report. The orbital track of the ship had been charted and sent to every tracking station under its path. Everything had been the same for about 24 hours. The gas cloud had dissipated, and the slowly rotating ship hadnt moved at all. He was starting to think of what to put in an official letter stating the fact that the three astronauts were probably dead. The press wouldnt like it. He didnt like it very much either. The military was still having a hard time taking the last Purple Man base in New Mexico. Total losses were mounting. The Purple Man weapons seemed to be invincible. Add to this depressing news that an attempt to capture an enemy vessel in space ended in disaster with possibly the deaths of three American astronauts, and the outlook for the country would be undeniably grim.***Maboks hands were still tied behind his back, but he was amazed at how well the Reds had been treating him. They fed him many times a day and one of them spoke to him in his language every once in a while. One of the Reds gave him sour looks and he was worried that they were just keeping him around to torture him for information. His only small moments of cheer came from watching the Reds try to figure out how to use his ship. "Pull the lever!" Cliff shouted at the top of his lungs from the cockpit. Mabok floated nearby. Jeff stood in the back of the ship in the engine room, his boots securely anchored to the floor. He rubbed his hands together and yanked a metal lever on some large machinery. It slid back and clicked. Cliff looked out the cockpit window to see if the craft moved. He looked at a star in the corner of the pane. It didnt move at all."Nothing!" Cliff shouted. Figuring out the engines was turning out to be very difficult. So far, the ship hadnt even budged from the slow roll they found it in."Okay," he shouted down the floor hatch of the cockpit, "Gavin, try flipping the green switch on the big metal box at the rear of the engine compartment!"Gavin drifted through the machinery and located the big metal box. It had several metallic tubes going in and out its sides, with switches and dials on the top. It was covered in a layer of soot like the rest of the engine room. He located the green switch in the corner and flipped it with his bulky gloved finger. The three men had agreed to keep their suits on at all times just in case the air was accidentally vented into space. In fact, it had started to leak out when Jeff started turning a wheel by the airlock. He quickly turned it back, but it was still a close call. "Nothing!" Gavin yelled. Then he heard Jeff yelp something above him in the engine compartment and looked up to see what was wrong. Cliff was still in the cockpit. Suddenly he was thrown from the chair and into a control panel. Now he knew what the seat belts were for.Gavin felt acceleration pulling him toward the wall. The engines must have fired. He heard Cliff yelling from the cockpit."Turn it off!" Cliff shouted.The acceleration was increasing and it was getting harder to move. Up in the cockpit, Cliff looked up to see a sack full of empty soup bags tear loose from a shelf and spill down on his head. Unfortunately, they werent completely empty.Mabok, who had bumped into the wall several feet away, with his hands still tied, had wriggled around just in time to see the scene. Cliff wasnt too happy when he noticed Mabok grinning a little at the leftover soup dripping down his face. A scowl from Cliff wiped the grin off of Maboks face.Gavin finally got to the green switch and flipped it. Jeff decided that he had had enough. He was going to make sure that before they tried this again, Gavin would try and persuade the Purple Man to tell them how to operate the ship. He didnt want to be mean, but this was just too much.Mabok floated, tied to the ladder, with the three Reds gathered around him. One of the Reds definitely looked mad and Mabok expected the worst."Tell him that we plan on going down to the planet," Jeff told Gavin. He was still pretty angry about the last mishap. "If he doesnt help us fly the ship," Jeff continued, "We will crash and he will die along with us."Gavin translated it all.Mabok thought for a while. He doubted that the Reds could do anything in the ship without knowing how to use the computer. Besides, even if he did cooperate, he doubted that they would let him live after he had finished helping them. "I will not help you," Mabok finally said. He tried not to think about what they were going to do to him. Cliff shrugged with frustration and Jeff rolled his eyes before they left the room. Mabok hoped that his comrades would save him before much longer.***A week had passed since the tracking stations had detected the first changes in the orbital trajectory of the Purple Man ship. Grange had been excited when he found out that the ship had moved. The astronauts might be alive after all. The ship had been changing orbits ever since. Then, this morning, the scope at Kirtland Air Force Base had failed to find the spacecraft at all. They were still looking, but so far hadnt gotten sight of it. Grange didnt know whether this was good or bad, but at least it was something different.***The weather in South Dakota was pretty good, but the four men on the Pinak didnt have time to enjoy it. Mabok was tied to a chair in the cockpit, biting his lip, while Cliff managed the cockpit controls. Jeff and was in the back of the Pinak in the engine room, and Gavin was right below the cockpit in the exercise room by some maneuvering thrusters."More lift!" Cliff shouted down to Gavin.Gavin spun a control wheel a few turns and wiped off his forehead. It was very hot in the spaceship, and he wanted to sit down, but there was no time. He had been working to fly the ship for three hours now.  "Left," Cliff yelled, "Left!"Jeff adjusted some valves and switches in another part of the engine room.Cliff carefully watched the terrain outside. He could make out farms and fields below."Good!" Cliff shouted encouragingly.Mabok was breathing heavily. Cliff could tell he was worried, but the Purple Man still wouldnt speak, or give any hints on how to operate the ship. Sometimes Mabok had been on the verge of yelling out some warning, but had held his tongue at the last minute. If he gave the Reds any information he was sure to be severely reprimanded by his leaders when he was rescued. So, the Reds had taught themselves. This was going to be tricky.   12It only took Jeff five minutes to get his men together with bottles of water, guns and binoculars. Their ammunition was getting low. Jeff loaded two guns to take with him and left the rest with Gavin. It was warm enough now that they didnt need any jackets. Jeff set off with his men at a brisk pace across the desert. As they went out of sight Gavin could still see the dust that they stirred up as they went.After watching for a while with a worried expression, Gavin turned away and headed back to the Shark. Cliff and Javier were hauling the dead chimeras into a pile and Wes was starting up a fire nearby. Denz was cleaning out the chimeras."Gavin," Cliff called to him, "This should be enough food to last us for a while.""How are you going to preserve it?" Gavin asked."Were going to make jerky," Wes answered, "I just have to figure out the best way to cook it up."***The sun was high in the sky and blazing fiercely when the men at the Shark finally gave in and headed inside the ship to wait out the hot afternoon. Wes had been working hard on making an oven and grill out of rocks and preparing the jerky. Calvin took some of the skins of the chimeras and made a frame to tan them on. They were all worried about Sam, though. Jeff had been gone about twelve hours now to look for him, and hadnt come back with news."Everyone is in the Shark now," Cliff told Gavin on the bridge."Good," Gavin said, "Its getting way too hot out there. I dont want anyone dehydrating.""I was thinking about that," Cliff started, "Jeffs shift is still out there and they only took as much water as they could carry in those little water bottles. Plus, theyve gone twelve hours without food, and no one had breakfast before they left.""Ive been thinking about them, too," Gavin said, "but if we send anyone else out there now, they wont be any better off than Jeff and his men. We dont have big enough containers to carry the water we would need to travel for long in these dry conditions.""I think we can rig something up to carry water," Cliff said, "If we can, I think we should send some men after them at dusk."***Jeff and his men trudged over yet another ridge, but were met with disappointment at the top. There still werent any signs of Sam, just more endless dirt and scrub. They just drank the last of their water, and they were losing it quickly as sweat beaded up on their foreheads and dripped off. The chimera tracks headed down the other side of the ridge and into the valley floor below. They stumbled down the slope, following the tracks. They ignored the sand that sifted into their shoes and the dust that coated their clothes. They almost didnt care what else happened anymore, as long as they could find a cool spot to rest.Then they saw it. On the valley floor, a breathtaking panorama opened up before them. A battle had taken place here. The combatants were still lying there, frozen in the throes of the struggle. Some of them were the same chimeras that had attacked the Shark, with their distinctive red diamond pattern on their backs. The other chimeras were larger, and had blue-green bands around the tips of their tails. Even after death, the jaws and claws of the chimeras were still locked onto their enemies. Two or three Diamondback chimeras lay dead around each of the fallen Blue-tip chimeras, which were about twice as big. In the middle of the battlefield lay a group of adult Blue-tip chimeras in a ring around some younger chimeras. Jeff and the others stumbled among the bodies in awe of the huge struggle that had taken place. They wandered in and out among the dead and searched for signs of Sam, but they could find none, and finally, they reached one edge of the battlefield and sat under bushes to rest.After a long rest, Jeff finally summoned some energy and got up off of the ground. The sun was just a little past its zenith and it was blazing hot."Lets have a look around," Jeff called as he turned to the other men. Joe and Chuck got up wearily, blinking in the bright light, but Frank just stayed on the ground."Im beat," Frank said."Okay," Jeff said, "You get some more rest. Well be back soon." Joe wandered off in one direction. Chuck followed Jeff."Do you really think there will be anything left of Sam to find?" Chuck asked. Jeff looked up in surprise. "Dont worry," Chuck said, "I wont talk about it around the others, but I just want to know what you really think.""I dont know," Jeff said, "But we can't give up, or well always be wondering if we could have saved him with a little more effort.""I guess youre right," Chuck said, "But Im so tired, Im ready to give up."They both turned to hear Joe shout something in the distance. They headed toward the call and eventually met up with Joe, who took them to a large flat rock. There was a hole under one side of it about three feet across. Joe pointed inside."Ive been down there. Its a tunnel that goes down at a slant and its cool down inside there," Joe said."How far does it go?" Jeff asked."About twenty feet," Joe said, "Why dont we put Frank in there to rest?""Okay," Jeff answered, and then pointed at something Joe was holding, "Whats that?" Joe held it up. It was six inches of a blue-tipped chimera tail. "Its a souvenir," Joe said, and then jammed it in the pocket of his Purple Man coveralls."Oh," Jeff said wearily, "Lets get Frank."Soon they had helped Frank get to the hole and helped him to the end of the tunnel and got him comfortable. The chimera tail kept falling out of Joes pocket as he struggled to turn around inside the tunnel, so he put it next to Frank."Maybe it will give you good luck," he said quietly and then crawled out.The men kept searching around in the battlefield and eventually found some tracks leading away down the valley."I bet the chimeras that made those tracks are carrying Sam with them," Jeff said. "Lets get Frank and follow them."They were walking back towards the tunnel when suddenly a loud hiss exploded in their ears. The men jumped in the air in fright. A chimera was right in front of them. They hadnt seen it at first because its scales blended into the background rocks. It was one of the big Blue-tips with its mouth wide and menacing. Jeff held out his hand to motion to Joe and Chuck to back up. They inched backwards as slowly and smoothly as possible. Joe could see the opening to Franks tunnel several yards behind the chimera. To his horror, he noticed another chimera by the opening. The chimera by the tunnel turned its head around and then headed down inside the tunnel."Frank!" Joe yelled to warn him. At the sound of his voice, the chimera in front of them lunged and hissed again. The three men couldnt help but jump into the air at the loud hiss. Then the chimera started towards them, and they all turned and ran up to some rocks, then jumped on the other side and scrambled to load their guns. When they peeked up again, both chimeras were back where they had started. Then the three men saw the strangest thing. Frank crawled up out of the tunnel in plain sight of the chimeras, but they paid him no mind."Why Ill be..." Joe mumbled. He waved his hand from behind the rock and Frank headed over to them."Whats wrong guys?" Frank asked, leaning nonchalantly on a nearby boulder as he looked at the three men cowering behind the rocks."Were being attacked by chimeras here," Chuck said dryly, "If youd get out of our line of fire.""These guys are nice," Frank said, "They never bothered me.""Well, they jumped at us," Jeff said."I bet its the tail," Joe said."Maybe," Frank said, "I woke up with a chimera right in my face. It sniffed a couple of times and then just left me alone."Joe got up from the rocks and jogged over to a dead Blue-tip several yards away. He pulled out his knife and sawed off the tip of the tail and then walked slowly towards the live chimeras with the tip held out before him. The closest chimera came over to him, and Joe froze in his tracks. The chimera smelled him, and then paid him no mind."It worked!" Joe said happily.Half an hour later, Jeff looked around him, then checked his pocket to make sure his chimera tail was still there, and then crawled down the tunnel to join the other men. It was very cool and even a little moist inside, and the four men either slept or talked away the hours as the heat blazed outside.***Chuck woke up. He thought he had heard something, but he didnt know what it was. He tried to swallow, but his throat was completely dry. Then he heard the sound again. Someone was calling his name. Chuck roused the others and they crawled out of the tunnel. It was a little windy outside and cooling off. The sky was a pale blue. "Jeff!" someone yelled. "Chuck!""Over here!" Chuck called out. He climbed up on a boulder. He saw other men in the distance and waved to them. After a while four men from the Shark marched into view with big sacks slung over their shoulders."We found you!" Cliff called with relief as he came up to Jeff and the others. He put his bag down. "Any sign of Sam?""Not yet," Jeff said, "We had to stop.""We figured that you wouldnt be able to get far," Javier said, "So we came after you with some food and water.""Yeah!" Wes said excitedly, "Check out these water bags we made! Theyre made of lizard skin!"Jeff and the others didnt stop to admire Wess handiwork, but immediately grabbed the water bags and started drinking. After a few minutes they had quenched their thirst enough to eat some of the food the men had brought from the Shark. Then they sat down in the twilight."Whats this?" Wes asked, pulling the chimera tail out of Joes pocket."Ill show you," Joe said, "Come on." The two of them headed off to find some of the Blue-tip chimeras."We found tracks leading away from the battlefield," Jeff explained to Cliff as they sat in a circle, "And Id like to follow them as soon as some men are ready to come with me."Jeff and Cliff sat and talked some more. Several minutes later, Wes and Joe came back."Cliff," Wes said excitedly, as he waved a blue-tipped tail in the air, "I have a plan!"***Sam woke up and reached out to open the panel to his bunk, but it wasnt there. He looked around in the darkness and then remembered what had happened earlier in the equipment bay. The last thing he could remember was a chimera lunging at him, but he had no idea where he was now. It was so dark that he waved his hand in front of his face but he couldn't see it. He reached out with his hands and felt around him. He was sitting on a cold dirt floor that was covered with old branches, leaves, and large chimera scales. He reached up in the air above him and didnt feel a ceiling. As he tried to get up into a crouch to touch the ceiling, he toppled over. He reached down to feel his right leg and gasped. He felt along the hard covering of the spacesuit leg until he got to the knee joint. There wasnt anything below the knee. He touched the stub of his leg inside the knee joint of the spacesuit, but it was numb to the touch. It was probably just as well that he couldnt feel it right now. Sam just sat for a while, listening to the rustling sounds of the darkness around him. He was alone and scared, but he tried to look for some hope. After all, he should be happy just to be alive. It was hard to believe that his right leg was really gone, and he hoped that he was just dreaming. He felt his leg a few times before he decided that it was definitely gone. "But what do I do now?" he thought to himself.***Cliff and Jeff walked along together in the long twilight. They wandered in and out of the scrubby bushes and stopped every few minutes to pick out the best trail."Do you think Wess plan will work?" Cliff asked."I hope so," Jeff said, "But if it doesnt, we still have another day to find Sam before we have to head back for supplies."The two men each carried bags of water, small pouches of gourd mush, jackets, and other equipment. After several hours, it was completely dark and Cliff had to pull out a light and turn it on. Cliff pointed the light ahead of him and picked out a trail. Jeff followed in the darkness behind him and tried not to stumble on bushes and rocks. It was going to be a long night.***Sam had made some progress. He had finally figured out how to turn on a display light on his spacesuit control panel. Its faint glow wasnt much, but he was able to see a little around him now. He was in a low oval-shaped chamber. He was sitting up against one wall, and on the other side he could see the low shapes of sleeping chimeras. Sam crept closer, careful not to wake them, and tried to get a better look at them. They were smaller than any chimeras he had ever seen, and they looked like they were not fully developed. Their heads seemed too big for their small bodies, and their limbs were small and stubby. They were draped all over each other and breathing deeply. The small chimeras blinked and squirmed on the other side, but now that he got a good look at them, he could tell that they were young, and pretty harmless. Sam breathed easier, knowing that these little chimeras werent going to have him for lunch just yet. After a few minutes without hearing any noise from the passageway, he crept over to the passageway and started down it, going by his dim light. He crawled along on his hands and knees. He got to a turn in the passage and turned to stare a chimera straight in the eyes. Its nostrils flared and it lunged at Sam, who held up his arm in fear. The chimera grabbed his arm in its mouth and flung Sam to the ground on his stomach. He heard a hiss and scrambled onto his back. The chimera grabbed Sams torso in its mouth. Sam waited for the chimeras jaws to crush him, but instead, it just carried him back to the chamber and set him down. "Maybe they are keeping me alive for fresh food later," Sam thought.Sam was too scared to try anything now, so he just waited. He heard scuffling and scraping sounds coming from the passageway. For a moment, he thought the sounds were being made by the men from the Shark, but he was disappointed when his friends didnt appear. The Diamondback chimeras dragged something big into the chamber. He struggled to see it in the dim light, and it looked like a large chimera. It was bigger than any he had seen so far, and had a blue-tipped tail. Three of the Diamondback chimeras dragged it into the chamber, and then began slashing and biting at it. They tore hunks of meat out of the carcass and gulped them down for several minutes, and then they went among the young chimeras. Maybe they were giving some meat to the babies. One of the adults sniffed the air in Sams direction for a while, and then headed over towards him. Sam felt around himself for a rock and gripped it tightly. "If they are going to feed me to their babies, theyre not going to have an easy time of it," Sam thought to himself. ***Cliff stumbled among the rocks and bushes. The thorns and branches scratched at him and he had stickers in his shoes. "Man, its freezing!" Cliff said as he stopped for breath."We just have to keep moving," Jeff panted. "I think were going to find tracks right down in this gorge.""I just want to sleep," Cliff said as he continued walking."Me too.""Lets take a rest as soon as we find the chimera trail again," Cliff suggested."Thats okay with me," Jeff answered.When they finally spotted chimera tracks in the beam of their flashlight, they sat down with a sigh. It was getting harder and harder to follow the trail, especially in the dark. Cliff scooped out a handful of cold gourd mush from his pouch and chewed it for a while."Its going to be morning soon," Jeff said, "Lets wait until light before we go on."***Sam stared at the meat on the floor in front him. Even though he was extremely hungry, he still couldnt bring himself to eat raw meat from the dead chimera. The chimera carcass was lying in the middle of the chamber. After the Diamondback chimeras had eaten some of the meat out of it, they started dragging the bones and scales out of the chamber. It seemed like the chimeras were cleaning up the den. After all of the adult chimeras had left, Sam waited and heard nothing for a while. He took a deep breath and scrambled out of the chamber and down the passageway. He expected to turn the corner and crawl out into the open air, but he just found more darkness. He kept crawling as fast as he could, and groped around to feel the cold dirt walls. He passed a few intersections in the tunnels and had to guess which tunnel was better. After several minutes he finally tumbled down a steep tunnel and lay panting at the bottom. He felt around him. The floor was not the same dry, cold dirt he was used to, but a wet, soggy mud. He turned on the light on his spacesuit control panel. It lit up the whole area. He was in a wide, low tunnel that continued as far as he could see. It meandered back and forth and he could see tunnels branching off of it. The walls were lined with roots, and broken roots dangled from the ceiling. Some of the thick roots showed signs of being chewed. He pressed his fist into the wet mud and then pulled it out. Muddy water slowly filled up the hole."Water!" Sam thought. He made the hole bigger and then scooped out some of the muddy water with a cupped hand. He drank it and tried to ignore the taste of the mud and the gritty particles.He continued down the wide tunnel. Tunnels branched off from the sides periodically as the tunnel wandered around. After a hundred yards or so of crawling through the mud, he stopped to rest. It wouldnt be good to get lost down here.***Sam had been searching the underground tunnels for quite a while without any luck. He decided to go up and try and find a way out. He followed one of the tunnels up, slipping on its steep sides, until the tunnel became more level. Then he wandered around looking for a way out. He stopped and turned off his light when he heard a chimera coming. It was sniffing loudly and he heard it coming closer, so he quietly started off down the tunnel in the other direction. He groped around in the blackness as he headed away from the approaching sound. Then he heard the chimera make a hissing sound and a loud scuffling close behind him. Sam panicked and crawled as fast as he could, but he collided with a wall. He groped around and scrambled down the first tunnel he found. He bumped into a wall again and decided to stop. He sat still and tried not to breathe loudly as he waited in the blackness. After a few minutes, he decided that the chimera had not followed him, and he flipped on his light. He looked around the chamber, and recognized the baby chimera on the other side. He was back in the same chamber where he had started.***The growing light of dawn spread across one horizon and Cliff roused Jeff. They checked their guns and cautiously picked their way up to a ridge to get a better view of what lay ahead. After they reached the jagged crest, Cliff pulled out the binoculars and spent about five minutes scanning the terrain below them."Wait!" Cliff said excitedly, "I think I see it.""What is it?" Jeff asked.Cliff handed him the binoculars and pointed to a small hill. "Look in the shadows of the boulders on that hill. Jeff found the spot and looked at it for a minute."What am I looking for?" he asked."Just keep looking," Cliff said confidently. Then Jeff saw a chimera come out of a hole hidden in the shadows and dart across the desert floor toward low peaks in the distance."That might be their den," Jeff said as he handed the binoculars back to Cliff."I think it is," Cliff said, "But how do we get a look inside?""Well," Jeff said as he looked over their equipment, "We have two guns, with a total of two shots.""Thats not much to work with.""No, its not."***Sam woke up in the same old chamber to the sound of crunching and snapping. It had been many hours since he dozed off. In the dim light from his space suit, he could see the Blue-tip carcass in the center of the chamber. Adult Diamondbacks were ripping out the insides and feeding them to the young. He closed his eyes and dozed off for a while until he heard the adults leaving. After they left, he went over to get a close look at the carcass of the Blue-tip. It was about twenty feet long, head to tail. The Diamondbacks had eaten out all of its chest and abdomen. The torso, back, tail, and legs were still pretty much intact. He peered into the empty chest cavity, which was a rounded chamber formed by the ribcage. The smell was terrible, and he finally had to back away, but he had an idea.***Cliff glanced up at the rising sun and then looked back in his binoculars."There still doesnt seem to be much activity," Cliff said to Jeff as he watched the hole, "But I think they will start waking up and coming out as it heats up a little bit. If they are like Earth lizards, they need the sun to give them body heat.""Youre probably right," Jeff agreed, "So wed better move quickly."Cliff held out his hand."Wait," he said, "Somethings happening.""What?""There are one or two chimeras in the entrance to the den," Cliff said as he watched, "Theyre pulling out something. It looks like theyre pulling out a dead chimera."Jeff squinted his eyes to try and see what was happening."It is a dead chimera," Cliff said as he continued looking through the binoculars, "Its a Blue-tip. Theyre dragging it out and across the desert."Jeff could see the small dark forms as they crossed the bright sand. Cliff was silent for a while.'"What are they doing now?" Jeff asked."It looks like they just dropped the dead Blue-tip and now theyre heading back to the hole.""Well," Jeff asked, "Is now a good time to move in?""No," Cliff answered, "Theres too many of the Diamondbacks out and about."***Sam grunted and pushed with all of his might. The ribcage snapped and popped and opened up some more. He heaved and squirmed out of the chest cavity of the dead Blue-tip chimera and collapsed on the ground with a gasp. He lay in the dirt, breathing the fresh air and blinking in the light. It seemed like he could hear voices in the distance.***Jeff was practically jumping up and down and kept trying to take the binoculars from Cliff, who held him off with one hand as he looked at the scene below."What do you see?" Jeff yelled."It looks like Sam!" Cliff shouted. "He came out from inside the dead lizard."Cliff handed the binoculars to Jeff and then jumped over the rocks and headed down a rocky slope towards the desert below where Sam was lying. Jeff finally got a look through the binoculars. He smiled as he saw Sam sit up, but then his smile faded. He saw some motion in the distance, and lowered the binoculars to cup his hand around his mouth."Sam!" Jeff shouted, "Run! Run! Over here!"Sam didnt seem to hear him."What is it?" Cliff shouted from down below."Theyre coming!" Jeff shouted as he leapt over the rocks and started running after Cliff. The two of them leapt boulders and ploughed through bushes at a frightening speed as they raced towards Sam. Cliff knew he was going to trip sooner or later but he couldnt slow down. They flew over rocks and bushes, shouting, "Sam! Over here! Run for it!"***Down in the valley, Sam wiped his eyes and looked around. He finally saw Jeff and Cliff coming in two clouds of dust. He smiled when he recognized them, but he was a little confused. Why were they so frantic? He turned to see two chimeras coming towards him from the other direction. He got up on his left leg and tried to hop along, but he kept falling over, so he scrambled along as fast as he could on his hands and knees. Jeff and Cliff were getting closer. Sam glanced back to see the closest chimera darting towards him. It was very close and coming fast. He planted his left foot against a rock shoved off with his hands and foot just as the chimera lunged at him. He rolled to one side in a cloud of dust, and the chimera landed where he had just been, tumbling in the dirt. Sam started crawling again, and he saw the chimera snap to its feet and look straight at him. Just then, with a tremendous explosion, rocks and dust blasted into the air just in front of the chimera. The chimera spun and ran off, and before Sam knew what was happening, Cliff was there. Cliff holstered his gun and pulled Sam to his feet so that they could start running. Jeff came up also and they stood on either side of Sam and carried him along as fast as they could. They started up the slope towards the rocky crest of the ridge. Jeff turned for a moment to fire at two chimeras, which had been cautiously following them. The two chimeras spun and ran away several paces, and then stopped to turn and watch the three men.Soon they were at the crest of the ridge and they helped Sam over the top. They sat on a rock panting before moving on. The men hobbled along the ridge, which had a steep rocky spine. The spine was a wall of rock about eight feet high. Jeff and Cliff pulled themselves up onto the top, and then helped Sam up. Then Cliff and Sam hobbled off down the far side of the ridge. Jeff stayed behind and looked around for something he could use for a weapon to stop the approaching chimeras. He lifted a large rock to his shoulder and went to the edge of the rock face. The two chimeras were on the lower slope, coming carefully up towards him. When they were close enough, Jeff hurled the rock with all of his strength. It hit another rock near one of the chimeras with a crack. Chips of rock flipped through the air, and the rock tumbled down the slope. The chimeras jumped back and stood still, almost disappearing into the rocks. Jeff raced back and forth, looking for something else to throw at the chimeras. He began throwing anything he could find: rocks, gravel, and even sticks. Then one of the chimeras came right up to the bottom of the rock face. Jeff put his shoulder to a large rock and pushed with all of his strength. He rolled it over the edge with a mighty grunt. It crashed onto the chimera in a cloud of dust and sent it sprawling on the ground. It pulled itself to its feet and quickly retreated. The other chimera was watching all of this warily at a slight distance. In his anger, Jeff yelled at the remaining chimera, which hissed and then backed off grudgingly. Jeff stood panting for a moment as he watched the chimeras walk away, and then hurried after Cliff.Cliff and Sam finally stopped to rest on some rocks. Cliff was breathing so hard that he began coughing. "Thanks," Sam said wearily, "You dont know how happy I am to see you.""Were pretty glad to see you, too," Cliff said between breaths. "I just hope Jeff can scare them off.""Why dont you just shoot them?" Sam asked."Those were our last shots," Cliff answered."You dont have any more ammo?" Sam asked incredulously."No," Cliff said, looking up, "I think the guys back at the Shark have two more shots.""Great.""What happened to your leg?" Cliff asked, pointing at it."I think it ended up as a lizards lunch," Sam said. "Im glad they didnt eat any more of you," Cliff said."Maybe they didnt like the taste of me."Jeff caught up with them and they headed off again. After an hour they collapsed in the shade of large boulders to rest for a few moments, and all three promptly fell asleep.***Jeff woke up and eventually realized that he was uncomfortably hot. He was no longer in the shade of the boulders. The sun had shifted and was blazing with its full force right on him. He sat up and looked around. Cliff and Sam had fallen asleep too. Jeff stood up and then tensed when he heard a hissing sound and something crunching the gravel as it walked. Jeff crept around the other side of the boulders and saw a huge chimera staring him down. He froze.The chimera sniffed the air and its mouth slightly opened in what looked like a snarl. But Jeff saw that the chimera had a rope around its snout. Jeff followed the rope with his eyes along its length until he saw a hand. The person the hand belonged to stepped out from behind the chimera. It was Wes. Wes was chewing on a root nonchalantly."Oh," Wes said, "Its you, Jeff.""Yeah, its me," Jeff said, smiling with relief."My plan worked," Wes said, "We were able to bring enough supplies on the chimeras to last a couple days."Jeff eyed the chimera warily."Oh, about the lizard," Wes said, showing Jeff a lizard-skin sack on a necklace around his neck. This bag has a special gland we cut out of a dead lizard. The gland produces a particular scent that the lizards recognize. The chimeras follow whoever has this bag. They must depend on their sense of smell to communicate. Hey, how long do you think it will take to find Sam?""Somebody talking about me?" Sam called as he struggled to his feet with a groan, then leaned over against the boulders to prop himself up on his one leg." Sam!" Wes yelled happily, "Youre alive, man!""You thought they could kill me?" Sam asked, as if the idea was ludicrous."Yeah, but," Wes said, slowing as he saw Sams missing leg, "Man, you didnt get maimed did you?""Yeah, Im hurt bad.""What did I tell you?" Wes said with annoyance, "When we started, I told everyone not to get maimed or nothing!" Wes walked over to Sam and helped him stand up, looking at his leg. "I cant believe it," he said, shaking his head, "but Im real glad to see you alive, buddy." Then Wess face lit up. "Hey!" he said, spinning around and going over to the chimera. "Its a good thing I brought Silver here so he can give you a ride home!"***Soon Sam was seated snuggly on the back of the chimera named Silver. Wes held a lead rope and pulled Silver along from the front, and three other chimeras came along behind, each tied to the one in front of it. They had supplies strapped to their backs. Jeff and Cliff rode on the backs of two of the chimeras, while Joe, Chuck, Javier and Denz walked along each side. They had sticks that they used to slap the sides of the chimeras if they started to stray."I cant believe your plan worked, Wes," Jeff said from a chimeras back, shaking his head as he bounced along, "You got away with it.""You should have seen when it got away from him," Javier said."I dont want to talk about that!" Wes called.   14Krid walked on the desert floor, kicking the dirt with his boot."Look at these footprints!" he told Lang as he wiped sweat off of his face, "They're fresh. The Reds must have just left this planet.""We're getting closer," Lang said, "We should be able to catch them any day now.""They'll be very happy back home when we tell them the news."***Cliff rubbed his eyes and looked into his telescope again. As the Shark hurtled along through space, stars were beginning to appear in the middle of the sky."Its happening again," Cliff murmured under his breath."What?" Gavin asked, overhearing."We must be going back through the cloud," Cliff answered, "Before we got to the Wadi Kahn, we went through a dark cloud in space. Our galaxy has many dark clouds or rifts along the spiral arms, and we are coming back through one of them.""So we are coming back out of the rift we entered before finding the Wadi Kahn?" Gavin asked."We must be," Cliff answered. "It seems as if the Wadi Kahn is almost completely hidden inside the dark rift.""Well," Gavin said, "Just keep trying to find something to lead us home."***Krid walked along in the desert sand, dust flying up with every step. He looked around him at the desert scrub."Lang," Krid said, "This is amazing! After centuries of looking, we find two planets with life within a few years of each other.""Yes," Lang answered from a short distance away, "It is very remarkable. It looks like the Reds landed over here. There are footprints, campfires, and evidence of rocket exhaust.""We're getting closer," Krid said. "I think we'll have them soon."***The men on the Shark soon settled back into their shipboard routine. Jeff paced up and down the ship to check on the crew during his shift."Now, what are you two doing?" Jeff asked Wes and Javier. "Just setting up a little game of Ping-Pong," Javier answered. The two men had made a Ping-Pong table in the equipment bay."Dont you have anything more important to do?" Jeff asked."Were not on duty for several more hours," Wes answered. "I guess youre not," Jeff conceded.Wes served the ball, which bounced off of his side of the table and then kept flying upward into the air."Aw, it happened again," Javier groaned. "It just isnt going to work right.""Youll have to change the rules a little bit," Jeff said, "You cant serve the ball the same way you do on Earth, because there isnt any gravity to pull the ball down.""So, how are we going to do it?" Wes asked skeptically."Watch," Jeff said, "Ill show you." Jeff grabbed Wess paddle and ball. "Lets say I have to hold the ball motionless directly above the middle of my end of the table before I serve. Then Ill serve it towards Javiers side without letting it touch my side. Thats how the serve will be different than normal. It will bounce off of his side, and then he hits the ball so it bounces off of my side. From there, we just keep playing like a normal game. All you have to do is change the serve."Jeff demonstrated a serve. The ball bounced off of Javiers side of the table and Javier hit the ball back. It whizzed by Jeffs head."Remember, you have to hit the ball down," Jeff said, "There isnt any gravity to help pull it down.""Right," Javier said. He served the ball to Jeff and soon the ball was whizzing back and forth. "Hey," Wes said, "Its working after all! Now, Jeff, remember that youre on duty. You need to give me my paddle back so I can play now.""Not on your life," Jeff said, "Ive got to win this game first.""Great," Wes mumbled, "Jeff finally decides to lighten up when its my turn to play."***"Wow," Cliff said to himself, "That star cluster looks awfully familiar!" He rummaged through his maps and pulled out the first map he had made at Earth."Its on this map too!" Cliff shouted. "I cant believe I didnt see it before.""What is it?" Jose asked."Its a star cluster," Cliff replied."Whats so special about a star cluster?""This star cluster is on one of my earlier maps. That means that our sun might be visible from here!"Cliff did some calculations for several minutes and then swung the telescope around. A dim, yellow star slid into view in the eyepiece."I bet that humble little yellow star is our very own sun!" Cliff said ecstatically. "Now we can finally go home!""Ill tell Gavin," Jose said excitedly, and then dove through the hatch in the floor.***That night, everyone on the Shark gathered in the equipment bay for a big party. Even the lookout took a break to join the fun. They feasted on chimera steaks and desert gourds. "I want to make a toast to Cliff," Jeff said, holding up a bottle of water. "Hes the best navigator we have ever had. Without him, we never would have been able to find our way home."Everyone cheered."I would like to make a toast also," Cliff said, "To Joe and Sam, who provided the, uh, beverage."The men drank and then looked at the dirty water in their bottles. Particles of sand drifted in it."Thank you," Joe said, "And just remember, every time you drink, how much dirt I swallowed while I was working in that blasted hole." The group laughed and slapped Joe and Sam on the back. Cliff couldnt remember when he had ever been so happy.Just then, Krid Zaff burst through the hatch with more Purple Men close behind him. The Reds reached for their guns and found them empty. They had run out of ammunition long ago."Well," Wes said dryly, "It was fun while it lasted.""How does this guy keep showing up all the time?" Joe asked with annoyance.Lod entered the room after several minutes with a smug smile."Round them all up!" Lod shouted. Most of Gavins men understood the words, having spent much time learning the language by now. This time, Lod didnt spend any time lecturing the Reds. "What course shall we set?" Lang asked."Head to Earth," Krid said, "We don't have much time to meet up with the fleet before the invasion."***Soon the two docked ships were cruising toward Earth. The Reds were going to get home after all, but they were going home as prisoners. Guards were posted all throughout the Shark to watch their every move. When the guards weren't paying too much attention, Wes pushed himself to Javier."Javier," he whispered, "I have a chimera tooth in my back pocket. Can you help me reach it? I bet I can cut through these bonds with it."Thin, plastic bonds bound their hands and feet. After a few moments of struggling, Wes was able to get the tooth in his hand. Wes started to try and cut through the plastic."No," Javier said, "Wait until a better time."***"We're only a few days from Earth," Lang reported to Krid, who was talking with Lod in the cockpit. "Don't you think we should get started on the after-action report for the fleet?""I'd forgotten about that," Krid said."How is it that you can remember the details of every battle of the Sixth Fleet, but you can't remember to do the paper work," Lang asked."Good question," Krid said with a laugh. "I suppose we should get started. Get the exercise room ready for interviews. We can start taking notes from our men. Also, I'll have my intelligence officer start performing the interrogations on the prisoners tomorrow."***Late that night, Lod walked quietly into the equipment bay on the Shark where the Reds were being held. He motioned to the two armed guards, who came over to him while the Reds slept."Guards," Lod commanded, "I've just received word from the Political Prison that two of these Reds must be executed immediately.""Executed, why?" one of the guards asked."They were already sentenced to death at the prison for espionage. Those two over there," Lod said, pointing to Chuck and Sam."Yes, sir," said the second guard, a tall Purple Man. "We'll do it right away.""No, we'll have to inform Krid first," the first guard said. "He's still captain of this ship. I can go wake him.""No," Lod said, "As Liaison, I have sufficient authority to command you in this. Take them to the airlock now.""Sir," the guard objected, "It will be a simple thing to get Krid to oversee the execution.""No," Lod said, louder this time. "If you won't do it, give me your weapon."The first guard refused to give up his weapon. Lod motioned for the tall guard to help and he reached out to grab the man's gun. The guard resisted and they three men started to struggle. When they almost had wrestled the gun away, the beleaguered guard yelled. Soon several other Purple Men were in the bay. Lod had his arm around the guard's neck while the other tried to pry the gun out of his grip. "Jilken! Help!" the guard wheezed at one of the men who had just entered. Jilken leaped up and pried Lod's arms away from the guard and pulled him back. More of the Purple Men joined the fray. The Reds were now waking up at staring in disbelief.Just then, Krid stepped into the room."Stop this now!" Krid yelled. His voice echoed through the room. The panting men pulled back, the one guard still gripping his weapon to his chest defiantly."What is going on?" Krid growled."This private refused to follow a direct order," Lod said breathlessly as he pointed to the first guard, whose face was flushed and sweaty. "With the corporal's help, I attempted to subdue him.""Jilken," Krid commanded, "Put the private in his bunk and lock it.""Sir, I--" Jilken started to object."Now, Jilken," Krid said, "Or you will be confined as well."Jilken sullenly obeyed."Now, as for the rest of you," Krid said, "I know we've been under a lot of pressure lately. We've been outside of the area covered by our charts for some time and we've been working hard. So, I'm willing to withhold any charges unless it happens again. Dismissed."The rest of the men left the room, but Krid motioned for two new guards to stay with the Reds."What was the order?" Krid asked Lod after they got into the cockpit."Two of the Reds had already been sentenced for execution at the prison before they escaped," Lod said haltingly, "I just received word that they were to be executed immediately and ordered the guards to pull them aside.""I've never seen Private Nokos behave this way," Krid said, pondering for a moment. "Well, I'll prepare the men for the execution. Only I'll need confirmation of the official order.""Here it is," Lod said as he called up the file on a computer. "I see," Krid said. "Go ahead and get some sleep. I'll need an hour or so to get the men ready for the execution. We don't normally do this kind of thing in the Navy."Lod left the cockpit and Krid looked over the order for a moment. He typed and few buttons and pursed his lips as he looked at the screen. Lang walked over to him with a questioning look."Lang," Krid said slowly, "This is an order from Gornig at the prison to execute two of the Reds.""Yes," Lang said, "Is there something wrong?""It was dated before the Reds escaped from the prison," Krid said, "But the file wasn't actually created until two days after the Reds escaped.""It could have taken some time to create the paper work," Lang suggested.Krid thought some more, then grunted and jumped down the ladder."Jion," Krid called to his intelligence officer, "I need your language skills once again.""Are you picking up more intercom traffic from a Red ship?" Jion said, getting out of his bunk. Krid shook his head and then motioned for silence. Jion frowned and quietly followed him to the exercise room.Jion led Chuck back into the equipment bay, his face white."What happened?" Gavin asked. Jion ordered them to be silent and then pointed toward Sam. Sam got up nervously and followed Jion back out of the bay."They're going to kill me," Chuck said with a blank stare. "I only have a few hours."Sam was tied into a chair in the exercise room, sitting across from Krid and Jion. Krid started talking softly and Jion translated it."We've received word that you were sentenced to be executed at the Political Prison," Jion translated. "I wanted to make sure you could make a final statement before you are killed.""What are the charges?" Sam asked."Espionage and assassination," Jion answered.Sam sat silently for a while."Your friend wouldn't say anything either," Jion said and started to get up."Is there any way for me not to die?" Sam pleaded."No, the sentence has already passed.""Then I do wish to make a statement," Sam said, "I may be guilty of murder, but I'm not the only one.""You are speaking of your comrade Chuck?" Jion asked."Yes, but he's not the only one.""Explain.""We were at the prison," Sam started. "Two Purple Men took Chuck and me to an empty hallway. The men made it known that we could be set free if we did something for them. They told us that we could go free if we killed a man that would be walking through that door in a moment. If we didn't do it, they would come back and we would be killed immediately. Chuck looked at me and shrugged. 'A Purple Man is a Purple Man,' he said. 'They're all my enemies.' He told them that we would do it. The Purple Men handed us each a gun and left.""What happened?" Jion asked finally after he translated to Krid."A Purple Man came out of the door, and Chuck shot him point blank.""Did you shoot too?""No, but I did nothing to stop it from happening.""Did the two men come back?""I don't know, we both ran to the airlocks and got on our ship," Sam said."So that is how you escaped the prison," Krid said. "Yes.""Anything else?" Jion asked."Who did we kill?" Sam asked."One of the Oligarchs," Krid said grimly. "Can you describe the two Purple Men who arranged for you to perform the assassination?"***"That's a strange story," Lang said to Krid later when they were alone in the galley. "And he claimed it was Lod?""That's what the Red claimed," Krid said, "I don't really believe him, but it might not be a bad idea to delay the execution and have the case revisited, since we don't have any information about how the assassination occurred.""Lod would be outraged when he finds out that the Red accused him of murder," Lang said. "Don't tell him about that part," Krid said, "Let's just say that the Red is willing to offer more information about the assassination and we'll see what Lod does. If he does anything suspicious, we'll know that there might be more to this."***The equipment bay was packed full of men. On one side, Chuck and Sam were standing against the wall. The other Reds were standing in rows on the other side. In the middle and all around the room, the Purple Men were standing with their weapons at the ready. Finally, Krid walked into the bay. The Purple Men snapped to attention.Jion walked up to Krid and whispered something in his ear."Men," he said, "Stop the proceedings. My intelligence officer just informed me that one of the prisoners is now willing to come forward with more information. We'll delay the execution until we have a chance to find out what he has to say.""No," Lod called quickly, "Your orders are explicit. You must execute the prisoners now.""Don't worry, Lod," Krid said, "We can easily reconvene in a few hours after investigating what this man has to say." Krid pointed at Sam."There is no need to find out what he has to say," Lod yelled. "The Liaisons have already closed the case. If you do not execute them now, I will order you arrested for disobeying orders. The Red is only trying to delay his execution.""He may be willing to offer information that the Liaisons did not know before they made their sentence," Krid offered. "Besides, a few more hours won't hurt you personally." Krid paused before continuing slowly, "Or will it?"Lod's eyes narrowed and he clenched his teeth as he mulled over what Krid just said."Lang," Lod said slowly, "Arrest your commander and confine him to his bunk. He is not to speak to anyone."Lang didn't move."Stufi!" Lod shouted to the second mate, "Arrest those two."Stufi came forward to arrest Krid and Lang. "No!" Jion yelled. Jilken stepped between Stufi and Krid to stop the arrest."Jilken, don't get into arguments you have no business being in," Stufi said before attempting to push Jilken aside. Jilken pushed back and shoved Stufi off of his feet. Another of the Purple Men punched Jilken in the face before being hit with the butt of Jion's gun. As a fight broke out, Lod rushed over to the guard nearest Chuck and Sam. He took the guard's gun."Mutineers! Stop them. Fire!" Lod yelled to the Purple Men not already embroiled in the fight. The Purple Men rushed to take sides in the fight.Sam saw Lod raise the gun to point it at Krid. Though he was bound hand and foot, Sam pushed off the wall with his foot and rammed his shoulder into Lod's stomach, doubling the man over. Lod struggled to get Sam off of him and his gun went off. The blast sent Sam crashing into the wall. Chuck started to jump away and Lod motioned to the other guard to shoot. The guard fired and Chuck collapsed. Shots rang out across the width and breadth of the Pinak. Smoke and debris ricocheted across the bay. Wes pulled out his lizard tooth and began sawing away at Javier's bonds. Finally they snapped open."Got it!" Wes whispered. Javier took the tooth and started working on getting his feet free. The men loyal to Lod retreated to the bunkroom and started firing at Krid and his men through the airlock. After a few minutes, Lang nudged Krid with his elbow as they took cover behind crates. Krid turned to look at him."The Reds are getting away," Lang shouted over the din.Krid watched as the Reds snuck through the bay door onto the Shark."Don't worry about it," Krid said as the bay door closed behind the last Red. "We've got more important things to think about."None of the Purple Men seemed to care when a violent shudder signaled that the Shark had detached from their Pinak."Ready your thermal knives," Krid yelled. "We're going to do this like Reds. Charge!"***Sunlight streamed through the cockpit windows of the Shark. The craft hurtled towards a bright blue dot in the sky that was all that could be seen of Earth. The glowing heat of the nearby star was the warm glow of home for these men. Never had the Sun's warmth filled them with so much hope.The same Sun lit the cockpit of Krid's Pinak. Shattered electrical panels sparked and smoke drifted through the air. Krid slumped in his seat, looking at the Sun as he sped towards it. For him, it was an omen of fire and trouble ahead. He staggered down to the bunkroom to hear Lang's report."How many dead?" he asked with his hand over his eyes as Lang approached."Six, not counting Lod," Lang said. "Two of ours and four of his." Lang pointed to the bunks where the bodies were laid."No," Krid said. "They were all mine.""And the Reds?" Krid asked."One of them is going to make it," Lang said, pointing to the bunk Sam was in. "The other is gone." Krid looked at Sam. His bandaged, sleeping body was floating quietly in a cloth bag. Krid thought it was strange how peaceful the man looked. His face seemed clear and bright. It seemed as if a weight had been taken off of his mind and he had been freed from the cares of the world around him."So it's you," Krid said quietly, recognizing the man. "Then you can rest easier today. Youve made up for your crime by saving my life.""Sir," Jilken called to Krid, "We've restarted most of the computers and we might have the ship in fighting shape soon.""What files were lost in the battle?""All of the navigation files.""What about the fix on the new planet with life?" Krid asked."Its location was lost," Jilken said."Lang, don't you remember where it was?""No," Lang said, "It was way off our charts. I was going to plot it on a new map when we got back to the fleet.""Captain," called another crewman, "We are in position to enter Earth orbit with the rest of the fleet.""Good," Krid said, "Send for our instructions. We must prepare for the invasion."As Krid headed up to the cockpit, the Purple Men quickly began donning space suits, arming their weapons, and preparing to fire the cannons."Krid, this is Fleet Command," the radio crackled in the cockpit as Krid entered."Go ahead, Fleet Command," Krid answered."Enemy ships have been sighted in a lower orbit. It appears to be a group of pirate ships. Are you equipped for a space engagement?""Yes, we're ready," Krid said. "I have important news for the admiral.""It'll have to wait. We're ramping up for the invasion as we speak."  ***Jeff stared through the Sharks windows at white and blue marble called Earth. It was one of the most beautiful sights he had ever seen."Who are you?" his radio squawked for the third time."The Shark, reporting in for duty to protect Earth," Jeff answered."The Shark?" repeated the incredulous voice.Wes grabbed the microphone. "Look you first-rate imbecile," Wes growled angrily, "Did they just pull you out of preschool or something? We dont have time to deal with this garbage.""Yes, sir," the man stammered. Then he could be heard talking to someone in the background, "They're not Purple Men.""You got that right," Wes said."Tell us your position so we can meet up with you," Jeff called."You wont be able to get to us," the voice said, "Youre too late. The Purple Men are between you and us. Youll have to sit this one out.""What do you see, Cliff?" Jeff called over the intercom."Hes right," Cliff called from the lookout post on top of the Shark, "Theres about a hundred ships between us and the planet. Our ships are on the far side of the enemy fleet.""What do you think, Gavin?" Jeff asked. Gavin was standing beside him."What can we do without any weapons?" Gavin asked. "We dont have any ammunition.""Im not giving up this close to Earth," Wes said. "We cant just sit here.""I agree with you, Wes," Jeff said, "We can blast this baby through that fleet so fast they wont be able to stop us.""If we dump out everything in the bays before we pass through them," Denz suggested, "the loose debris will crash into the enemy fleet and cause confusion. Still, if we go through the middle of the Sixth Fleet, every ship in their navy will be able to fire at us.""Its either that, or we sit here and watch," Jeff said."Okay," Gavin said after a pause, "Lets do it. Get the men at their posts. Were runnin the gauntlet."***"What do you see?" Krid called over the intercom."The Shark is leaving," the lookout called. "It looks like they are running away after all.""Smart of them," Krid said to Lang, "Maybe they will live through this day after all. I dont know if any of their fellow pirates will.""Wait," the lookout called, "Theyre turning around!" Krid spun to look at the Shark through his binoculars. The distant craft slowed and turned around, its painted teeth catching the sun. The Reds battered Pinak bore the scars of a long and hazardous journey. Sand and dust from the Wadi Kahn covered the once pristine craft. Maboks former crewmates wouldnt have recognized the ship now if they had still been alive. The Shark then swung to a stop, staring right down its nose at the Sixth Fleet."You have to respect their courage," Lang said."They wont do it," Krid said to Lang. "They wont try to break through our fleet. It's suicide.""They've lived through a lot of things we would have considered suicide," Lang said.Several seconds passed as the Shark stared down at the hulking Sixth Fleet. Over a hundred ships were gathered in formation. They ranged from the tiny Pinaks up to the staggering Gallaxeons. Two rows of gun bays lined those huge battleships."Dont do it!" Krid hissed.A blast of light billowed out from behind the Shark, which leaped forward like a horse in a charge. It began to gather speed at an alarming rate and it was headed right at them."Theyre doing it," Lang murmured.Around them in the Sixth Fleet, the huge battleships began coming to life. One by one the bay doors slid open on each of the gun bays, unveiling looming guns behind them. The soldiers cranked the guns up into the doorway, their large muzzles leveled at the distantly approaching Shark. Gun after gun was loaded and readied. Krid looked around him at the countless instruments of destruction, all pointing their deadly muzzles at the tiny Shark."Bring the lookout in!" Krid shouted. "Button up for combat!" The man was soon inside and they slammed the hatches shut. Still a long ways off, the Shark came on towards them, building speed at a terrifying rate. "They must be burning the engines way beyond their capacity to pick up speed like that," Lang said, monitoring his instruments. "If they ram a ship at that speed, it would be a goner!"Now a strange cluster of bright specks was radiating out from the Shark in all directions. "They're jettisoning something," Lang called. "Sound collision!" Krid yelled. "Stand by to evade!"They could see the Shark with their naked eyes out of the cockpit window. Still it came on relentlessly, building more and more speed. As it charged at the colossal fleet, its engines belched out an unending fury of flame. "Those engines are going to blow," Lang thought out loud."Theyll be here any second!" Krid warned."Commence fire!" came a command over the radio.Suddenly, around Krid in the blackness of space, flashes of gunfire lit Krids ship and sparkled and flashed across the hulls of all the ships near him. The flashing lights came from the numberless cannons of the Sixth fleet as they fired. Tongues of flame spat out from the sides of the towering Gallaxeons. Rivulets of fire spurted from the Sloks and Frigates. Every ship in the Sixth Fleet rocked with the horrendous concussions of the massed artillery. Krid looked to his left at the fleet behind him. He was almost blinded by countless explosions of sparkling lights from the unnumbered muzzles. Then Krids own cannon began to fire in the equipment bay. Its thunder rocked his ship. All of this was aimed at a miniscule speck of metal hurtling toward them. "Watch that debris!" Krid called over the radio. "They're coming in fast."***Calvin and Jose had been assigned to fling random pieces of equipment once the Shark had got up to high speed. The other men were desperately pumping handles, spinning wheels, and pulling levers to try and squeeze every last bit out of the engines. Gavin directed them with hand signals. They had to carefully steer the Shark through the cloud of Purple Man ships to safety on the other side, which would be no easy task at high speed. Calvin took up position by the half-open starboard bay door. A pile of junk was lying near his feet. Jose was on the other side. As the acceleration pulled at him, Calvin could barely keep from falling toward the back wall of the bay until he anchored himself with a cable. Finally, Jeff gave the hand signal to start throwing the debris. Calvin saw him up at the front of the ship through two open doorways. Calvin snapped the tie-downs with his knife and struggled to fling out the heavy boxes and stray pieces of machinery. It was very difficult to throw the heavy junk fast. Some of the smaller objects he could throw out easily. Some large wrenches were soon tumbling end over end until they fell behind the Shark and were lost from sight. Jeff gave a signal for some of the men to take cover. They left their posts and hid in prearranged places in the Shark that offered the most protection. Calvin had to keep throwing out equipment, though. In a blinding flash, the Shark suffered its first hit. Just to the left of the bay door, Calvin could see a shower of shrapnel and dust as it billowed out from the side of the ship. Then Calvin saw huge bright shapes flitting past the open door. They were enemy ships. The Shark lurched and was tossed about as they began to take more and more hits. Objects flitted by on every side. Jeff signaled again. The engines were shut off and the men in the engine room dashed for cover. Calvin threw out an empty barrel and then started toward the door controls so he could shut the bay door. A tremendous blast burst open a box just in front of him and blew him back. The floor and walls shuddered and trembled constantly as if it were an earthquake. He found himself flying toward the back wall and being pinned there by loose boxes and crates. The wall behind him was jumping and shaking. "I hope this isnt the end," Calvin said to himself. "And I hope Baker is okay."***Krid winced as the Shark hurtled into the midst of the Sixth Fleet at a suicidal speed. Around it, a cloud of equipment and debris whizzed by. Wrenches, bars, and boxes hurtled through the air around them. Krid saw a flying crate plow through the telescope dome of a nearby ship and carry the pieces off into the blackness before finally smashing into the nose of a Gallaxeon. Gas and shrapnel blossomed out from the point of impact. The Gallaxeon staggered back from the blow and the nose of the large craft was pushed away and swung in a slow arc. The Sharks discarded equipment was going so fast that even a small wrench could rip a hole through a Pinak from one side to the other. Still, the debris did not easily penetrate the heavy armor of the Gallaxeons. As debris smashed into ships, the explosions sent more shrapnel zipping everywhere, almost obliterating Krids view of the battle. Suddenly, a large piece of metal crashed into the window of Krids Pinak. The glass shattered in all directions in a shower of sparkling shards, throwing the men in the cockpit back. A piece of glass flipped by, barely slashing Krids cheek. The men in the cockpit quickly put on their helmets as the air rushed out. Krid inspected the damage. The metal must have come through one shattered window and out the other on the far side of the cockpit. Luckily, no one was hurt badly. Soon Krid was back at the window and saw the Shark, still plowing ahead through the hailstorm of cannon fire. Then, it was hit. Krid saw it stagger and sway from hit after hit. It still hurtled on, finally somersaulting out of the midst of the Sixth Fleet. It spun and tumbled straight towards the inviting blue planet below."That's the end," Krid mumbled.After a minute, the Shark began to right itself. Slowly it broke out of the spin and drifted silently. After a few more moments, it turned around and fired its engines to slow down. The flame from its engines seemed to sputter and cough."They must have made it after all," Lang said. He could almost see traces of a smile on Krid's lips. Soon the other pirate ships were converging on the Shark.***Calvin picked himself up from under a pile of boxes. He shook his head and looked out the open bay door of the Shark. Every second or two, the Earth flashed by the open doorway in a flash. Calvin slapped the side of his helmet to stop his head from spinning. Then he realized that the Shark itself was spinning. The centrifugal force was what threw him into the wall and held the boxes on top of him. Then he saw movement beside him as Frank climbed out of the debris. Frank clambered back to his station. Calvin climbed up footholds in the floor until he got to the airlock door. He pushed it open and it clanged against the wall. Through the ships quarters he saw Jeff, holding on to a ladder and frantically waving with his hand to get Calvins attention. Calvin alerted the men in the engine room with hand signals, and then passed along Jeffs signed instructions. After several minutes, the Shark stopped spinning and began to slow down. Now the Earth stayed still, hanging blue and silent outside the open bay door. Calvin ran forward and checked on his dog, Baker. He was safe inside an airtight bunk in the ships quarters.Before all of the men on the Shark were fully aware of what had happened, they heard a ship docking with them. Finally, the intercom crackled back to life."We made it!" Wes cheered in their headsets."Close the doors," Jeff called, "Well try to pump the air back into the Shark.""We cant pump air in yet," Calvin called, "There is a hole in the wall in the starboard equipment bay. Well just have to seal it off from the rest of the ship.""Okay," the voice replied, "Thanks, Calvin. Bring everyone in that bay up into the ships quarters and well seal it off. Lets see if everyone is okay."Calvin helped the others into the ships quarters. As they gathered, they saw the pale faces of the men who had been hit. Some were already wearing bloodied bandages as Javier worked to bind up their wounds. "Well," Jeff said to the assembled men, "We made it through. It looks like everyone is here. How do they look, Javier?""I think we will all make it," Javier said, "but most of us got at least some cuts and bruises. We wont all be in fighting shape for a while. We are running short of undamaged space suits."Then a knocking came from the top hatch."Cliff," Gavin called, holding a bandage to his left side, "Let them in."Cliff soon came back with a couple of Reds from Earth. They were wearing United States military uniforms."Im Roy. Boy are we glad to see you," one of the two men said, "We thought you had been killed long ago.""We almost were," Gavin said."Several times," Wes added."How many ships do we have?" Jeff asked, "Do we have a chance?""We have fifteen ships," Roy said, "You make sixteen. Things dont look that good, but we believe we have a chance. General Monterrey thinks they will probably attack in an hour or two. Wed appreciate any help you guys could give us.""Whos General Monterrey?" Jeff asked."Hes the general who was put in charge of our space force," Roy said, "The hero of the resistance.""Hero?" Gavin asked."Yeah," Roy said. "If you can send a couple of your guys with us, we can fill you in at the briefing on the flagship."   4Cliff was thinking about the dog Baker. It was having a hard time. While everybody else could hold on to something, Baker didnt have hands. He was scared and confused. Calvin ended up holding him so that he wouldnt float around trying to run in the air. It wasnt too bad because Bakers fifty pounds of weight on earth were now reduced to nothing. Cliff knew something would have to be done eventually, though. Cliff already had magnetic boots on, and he walked into the left hand bunkroom to see everyone already claiming bunks. Cliff was happy to find that the bunk he had used before was still empty. It was at the top in the back corner. He tossed his bag in and slid the panel closed. He looked at some of the others as they enjoyed themselves in free fall. "You guys be careful," Cliff warned, "Motion sickness can come easily up here." The others didnt have time to listen to this warning before Wes shot through the doorway, grabbing Cliff to stop himself."You got any bags in here?" Wes asked. "Frank isnt feeling too well." Cliff handed him some plastic bags and headed to the cockpit.Mabok had set the ships course once the ship was out of the atmosphere, and left the cockpit to show Gavin some parts of the engines that Gavin had been wondering about. Jeff had started to get everyone organized into three teams. Every eight hours, a new team would go on watch. Cliff, Gavin, and Jeff were heads of each watch. Cliff sat in the cockpit alone now. The cockpit had been a popular spot to sightsee for the first few hours, but once the Earth had receded to a small disk, everyone had left. He hadnt looked out the window at all so far, letting the others get the chance instead. Now he had it all to himself. Cliff enjoyed the solitude in the now empty cockpit and he admired the view of Earth. It seemed so beautiful as it receded into the distance. The Earth was slowly drifting out of view as the ship struggled away from the suns gravity. Finally, Cliff could no longer see the Earth. He sat back in his seat and turned around. In the wall behind him was the oval-shaped hatch that led into the kitchen area. There were two hatches in fact, one in front of the other, with about four feet separation. When both hatches were closed it served as an airlock. Inside the airlock was the ladder that led up to the top hatch and also led down onto the bottom level. The top hatch opened up onto the top hull of the ship, and offered an excellent view to all sides. Cliff floated down the ladder and into the sleeping quarters. He noticed one space suit floating beside a bunk. Cliff pushed off the wall and drifted over to it. Someone was inside the bunk, so Cliff knocked on the closed panel. Calvin opened it."Hi," he said, smiling weakly."You dont look so good," Cliff said."Im feeling pretty bad actually," Calvin answered."Itll pass in a day or so," Cliff told him."Another day?" Calvin asked with despair."Yeah. Just dont move around very much.""Thats easy enough.""So will you be needing the suit?" Cliff asked."The suit?" Calvin asked, "I dont even know how to put it on.""Tell you what," Cliff said, "If you let me borrow the suit, Ill teach you how to use it later.""Deal."Cliff took the suit and helmet and floated back to the top of the ladder. He shut all the doors to the airlock. In fifteen minutes he had the suit on and slid the helmet on, clicking it into place. He checked the chest control panel to make sure the light was on that indicated that the suit was sealed completely, and then hit the controls to pump the air out of the airlock. He heard the pulsing of the pump through his helmet visor. At least this time he was sure when the airlock was working. Mabok had told them all how to operate it. A green light flashed, and Cliff got a tether from a locker on the wall, clipped it to his belt, and then attached the other end to a metal loop just under the top hatch. He turned the handle on the top hatch and it popped open. He pushed himself slowly up the ladder and poked his head out the top. The sun was on the other side of the ship, so the sky was deep black, with so many stars that Cliff couldnt believe it. He had a hard time recognizing the constellations because there were so many. Cliff detached the tether from the loop inside the hatch and reconnected it to a handhold on top of the hull. Then he closed the hatch, blocking the light from inside the ship. More and more stars came out as his eyes adjusted to the darkness.***Jeff joined Gavin and Mabok inside the engine room. He had finished assigning watches and he was satisfied that there would be someone on alert at all times who knew what they were doing. Gavin was pretty amazed at what Mabok was showing him about the engines complicated innards."Learning anything, Gavin?" Jeff asked."Yeah," Gavin answered with a smile. "I have a lot better understanding of whats going on now, but Maboks not really an engineer, so he only knows the basic functions.""Good," Jeff said, "I just thought I would tell you that I was going to fix some food, but there isnt any more gruel in the kitchen. I hope we dont have to cut this trip short.""No food?" Gavin asked. He turned to Mabok and they talked in Purple Man for a little while."Dont worry," Gavin said as he turned to Jeff, "Mabok says that there are more crates of it in the crawlspace above the equipment bay.""Thanks."***"Dinner, everybody!" Jeff shouted from the kitchen. Gavin climbed out of the engine room and passed through the equipment bay. Mabok followed. They saw Wes and some others head up the ladder into the kitchen. About half the ships complement didnt follow. Gavin guessed that they didnt feel like eating. He was about to go upstairs for some soup when Cliff floated down the hall with his suit on and his helmet under his arm."Gavin," Cliff called to him just as he was about to go up the ladder, "Ask Mabok how to refill the tanks on this suit for me, will you?""Youve been outside?""Yeah," Cliff answered enthusiastically, "Its quite a view!"Gavin spoke a few words to Mabok, who motioned Cliff towards the back of the bay. He attached a hose to the bottom of Cliffs chest control panel and opened a valve. The air hissed in and started refilling the tanks on his suit."You know, Gavin," Cliff said, "I was wondering if anyone has a star chart. Im interested in finding out where were headed.""No one has one that I know of," Gavin answered. "But Maboks computer has a complete star library.""I dont know how to use the computer," Cliff said."Mabok would have to help you," Gavin said as Mabok closed the oxygen valve and disconnected the hose. "He tried to teach me how to use it, but without knowing how to read, I just cant get the hang of it.""Thanks anyway," Cliff said and started towards the front of the ship."Cliff," Gavin called, "Jeffs got some food cooked.""No thanks," Cliff answered, "Maybe later. I can still taste the stuff we ate last week."A panel on one of the bunks slid open and Franks head popped out. "Guys," Frank moaned, "Id appreciate it if you didnt talk about the food."***A few hours later, the crew was gathered into the equipment bay. "Everyone," Gavin started, "The fun and games are over.""I didnt know they had started," Frank mumbled from the back of the group. He looked kind of green."Mabok tells me that we will be out of the solar system in about 12 hours," Gavin continued, "And then we will get to our destination in several more days.""Whats our destination?" Calvin asked, holding Baker in his arms."It is a way station for a Purple Man transportation route called an Ion Course. Some kind of beam is sent between these way stations that vessels can travel along. Vessels are specially built to travel along these beams, and if the beam is interrupted, the vessel is stranded. They cant move without the beam," Gavin said, and paused to see if everyone understood."An attack force has been traveling along this Ion Course on its way to our solar system," Gavin continued, "It will arrive in a nearby star system in a week or so unless we destroy the way station, which will interrupt the beam. The fleet will then have to travel in ships like ours, which are about ten times slower than the Ion Course. This should buy us some time before the next alien attack. Then, keeping with our promise, we have to take Mabok wherever he wants and then drop him off. Then well head back to Earth and report to the government.""Hopefully we wont be put in prison," Jeff commented dryly."Anyway," Gavin continued, "We need to start training you on how to operate this ship. Mabok has been trying to teach me on the computer, but their written language is totally confusing, so well have to learn how to do everything manually. However, the Purple Man number system is simple enough," Gavin stopped talking and handed a stack of papers to Jeff, who started handing them out, "and I expect you to memorize these symbols, which represent the Purple Man numbers. Today, we will learn how to operate the life support systems, and tomorrow, the engines. We will work in three shifts, like Jeff told you earlier, and after your training shift I expect you to learn these numbers, review what you learned, and sleep.""Gavin," one of the Air Force sentries called."Yeah, Joe," Gavin answered."How are we going to destroy this way station?""Well, Joe, I guess we didnt tell you, but that large device there," Gavin pointed to a cannon, "and the one in the bay on the other side of the ship are cannons. Well have to learn how to use those too.""How far is the way station?" Cliff asked."Im not sure exactly," Gavin answered, "But I think it is around ten light years or so. Okay, if thats it, everyone on my shift stay here. The rest of you review those numbers. Well start the training right now."Two-thirds of the men left the bay, leaving Gavins team behind. Cliff and Jeff still floated in a corner. "Jeff," Cliff said to Jeff while Gavin started training the men, "If were going to be ten light years from home when we drop off Mabok, we should know how to get back on our own.""Thats exactly why its so important to learn how the ship works," Jeff said."Yeah, but we also need to know where to go," Cliff said."You mean navigation?""Yeah. You heard Gavin say he didnt know how to use the computer, so we need to figure out some way to navigate ourselves.""You try and solve that problem," Jeff said, "Im going to get some sleep. I was up all night.""Okay," Cliff replied, "Get some rest."***Cliff floated up into the telescope dome on the top of the ship. He had rarely come in here before because the equipment was so unfamiliar, but he figured the best way to figure out where they were going was to make some observations. It probably had markings to indicate precise directions. The dome was dark until Cliff hit the light switch and the whole chamber lit up. The telescope itself was easy to identify. The long cylindrical tube was a brilliant white, with black letters. One end extended up to the roof of the dome, and the other end pointed towards the floor. The middle of the tube was attached to a pivoting pillar in the center of the dome. Around the bottom of the dome, on the floor, were white lockers. Equipment was attached to the bottom end of the telescope, including boxes and wires and a complicated mess of machinery. Cliff turned on the power to the telescope. ***"Okay, men," Gavin said as he finished answering a question, "Any more questions about how to operate the airlocks or hatches?"The men looked around at each other, but no one had a question."Okay, then," Gavin said, "Detach your intercoms from the spacesuits and split up. I want at least one person in every room, and dont clump together."The men separated and each went to a different spot on the ship. Wes looked curiously out from his bunk as Jose and Calvin came into the room and Jose pressed his intercom to his ear. Gavin turned on his intercom."Everyone on and ready for the drill?" Gavin asked. All of the men reported in. Wes could hear Gavin talking from the other room."Okay," Gavin said, "Weve got a leak in the starboard quarters! Leak in the starboard quarters! You remember how to seal it off? Get moving!"Calvin was spinning around, with both hands out as he looked from side to side. "Which side is starboard?" he kept asking.Jose paid no attention and hurriedly rushed about the room, talking to himself. He was mumbling the instructions of how to seal a hatch. Calvin soon helped him and at last they had the hatches closed. Jose put his headset close to his mouth and yelled, "We got it! Its sealed off!"Wes leaned out of his bunk and overheard Gavins voice buzz from Joses headphones, "Good, Jose, but you and Calvin are sealed inside with the leak."Wes laughed."Oh, yeah," Jose mumbled.***Gavin turned when Cliff came back into the ship from outside. Cliff told him that he had spotted an object ahead. Cliff had positioned himself by the ships top hatch with some special binoculars that attached to his space suit helmet. He had become somewhat of a ships lookout. The view from the windows in the cockpit was limited, and being outside offered a wider range of view. "Something bright is straight ahead," Cliff stated excitedly after he pulled his helmet off. Gavin told this to Mabok, who punched some buttons and mentioned something to Gavin. "What you saw is the Jukath," Gavin translated, "He says that we should be at the station in two hours. Were turning around to begin to slow down. Jeff should have the gun crew ready by then.""Ready on the port side!" Jeff ordered. Six men took up positions around the cannon in the left-hand bay. It had been a couple of hours since Cliff had first sighted the station, and he and Gavin came into the airlock to watch."Close the airlock!" Jeff ordered. Calvin was positioned by the airlock and slammed the hatch shut. "Ready to depressurize!" The men closed their helmet faceplates and checked their space suits. Cliff and Gavin continued to watch from the other side of the airlock window as the men continued. Mabok turned on the suit intercoms. "Pump out the air," Jeff said into his helmet mike. Calvin operated the controls and the air hissed out. "Open the bay door." Calvin jammed the lever down and the bay door slowly opened. As it slid upwards, the men got a clear view of the nearby station. Several white spheres were attached to two large dishes that pointed in opposite directions, with white cylinders extending out from either side. A nearby star lit the white structure brilliantly."Gavin," Cliff asked, "Why do we need so many guys to fire the cannon?""The computer is too complicated for us, so we have to load it manually," Gavin answered, "And the men havent learned how to do it very well yet."The gun crew gazed out the bay door at the space station."Jeff," Wes asked through his intercom, "Is there anyone on board that thing? I dont wanna hurt anybody.""No," Jeff answered, "Its unmanned, dont worry." "Load," Jeff ordered the men.Joe and another crewman carried a cylinder up to the cannon. The men attached the cylinder to the back of the cannon and opened a valve. "Charge."Two other men carried a large power cable and plugged it into the cannon near the front. One of them pulled a lever until the cannon was powered up. Then the cable was pulled out and the two men backed off. "Aim."Joe was standing by the cannon. He looked through the gun sight and adjusted the aim with a hand crank until the target was centered in the crosshairs. When all was ready, the men backed away from the cannon."Fire."Joe leaned over and pulled the firing handle, then released it and stood back. After a second the cannon fired, pivoting around on its hub with a violent backlash. There was a bright flash of light. The ship shuddered from the force. Moments later the men saw particles blast outward from one of the white spheres on the distant station. Soon larger pieces of debris lazily drifted outward. "Reload."The men cranked the cannon back up to the edge of the bay and brought up another cylinder of gas. "Charge."They attached the cable and recharged the cannon."Aim.""Fire."Once again the cannon recoiled violently and more pieces exploded outward from the station."Let's speed it up," Jeff ordered."With pleasure," Joe replied as he helped load the cannon again. "Lets move, guys!"A young kid named Javier watched through binoculars from his lookout post on top of the Pinak. He was barely out of high school when he joined the military police. His first assignment had been guarding the Pinak in South Dakota. Thats how he came to be on the ship now."Gavin," he said over his suit intercom, "I dont know how that cannon works, but it sure does its job. A couple more hits and that stations a goner." Just as Javier finished talking, a brilliant fireball erupted from one side of the station, and it started spinning slowly."Yes," Gavin agreed, "Good work."Inside the bay, Calvin shielded his eyes from the fireball and watched as the station was shattered piece by piece. "Were really cookin now!" he exclaimed happily. Frank was standing nearby with his camera, taking pictures. "Fantastic!" he exclaimed as he raised the camera to his eye to compose another shot.In the cockpit, Mabok turned to Gavin slowly. "Gavin," he said, "now it is time for you to fulfill your obligation.""Yeah," Gavin said, "You can set course for wherever you want to be dropped off. Well be ready to leave in an hour.""Thanks."***Cliffs shift rolled out of their bunks and started their turn."Were going to learn how to use the rear maneuvering thrusters today!" Cliff said enthusiastically after they gathered. "Lets head back to the engine room."Later, when Cliff came into the kitchen, everyone else was done eating. Cliff grabbed a full soup packet out of the air. Most of his team was there."Hey, Javier," Wes called, "Give me a swordfish.""Sorry," Javier answered, "Go fish.""Alright," Wes said mischievously, "I know you have a tuna.""Nope.""Aw, come on, you gotta have it!""Go fish.""Javier," Wes said despairingly, "Because of you Im a goner.""Its not my fault!" Javier laughed."Wesley, my boy," Jose said gleefully, "Hand over the tuna.""No," Wes pleaded, "Please.""Im sorry Wesley, but you have to hand over the tuna, all three of them."Wes picked the three cards out of his hand and flicked them over to Jose. "I really liked the tunas, too," Wes said mournfully. The cards tumbled across the room and Jose happily picked them out of the air. He added his one tuna to the three and patted the cards into a neat pile. He picked up one boot, put the cards on the floor, and clamped his magnetic boot down on top of them. Half of the cards poked out from under his foot and Wes could see the head of Javiers hastily drawn caricature of a tuna."Thats one set," Jose declared."You know," Wes said thoughtfully, "I could go for a tuna sandwich just now.""Dont start talking about food again!" Javier groaned."And some potato chips. Oh, man!" Wes sighed and closed his eyes. "With some root beer.""Not root beer," Jose said, "How about tropical punch!""No, I want carbonation. Im tired of this flat, watery baby food stuff," Javier said. "A nice cold can," Jose said dreamily."You know," Cliff said from across the room, "I think I know somebody with a lemon lime soda."Soon four faces crowded around the airlock window as Wes came back in the top hatch. He shut the hatch and then pointed to the small plastic bottle of soda as it drifted on a string around his wrist. He pumped in the air and then pulled off his helmet. The spectators scrambled out of the way, and Wes opened the airlock and stepped into the kitchen."Gentlemen," he said, "Here it is. Chilled perfectly in the darkness of space, far from the warmth of the sun.""Pass it around!""Hey, hey," Wes said, holding the others hands back, "I get the first drink. After all, I did all the work."Wes opened the bottle and stuck a straw in, covering the rest of the mouth of the bottle with his hand. He drank in a little swallow, savored it in his mouth, and took a couple more. Then the men passed the bottle around, taking care not to let any go to waste, and catching little blobs of soda pop that happened to float out of the open top of the bottle."This is living!""After this, lets have a Go Fish championship of the galaxy!""I deal!"***Frank walked proudly into the equipment bay. He was holding something in both hands with a big smile. He looked around and spotted Cliff and Fredericks."Hey Cliff!" he shouted, "Come take a look at this!"Cliff walked over."You dont want to know how hard this was to develop," he said, holding out a photograph. Cliff looked at it. "Thats good, Frank!" Cliff said excitedly. "You got that picture right when the station exploded.""Yeah," Frank replied smugly, "I cant wait to send these babies back to Earth."Frank left the bay to show the picture to some of the others.Fredericks was floating by some lockers. He rummaged through a duffel bag and pulled out a small stack of photos. He began looking at them silently."Can I see those, Fredericks?" Cliff asked.Fredericks flipped them towards Cliff and they tumbled end over end until Cliff caught them in the air. He leafed through them. "Thats my platoon," Fredericks explained as Cliff looked at a large group of men in combat fatigues. Cliff glanced at the rest of the pictures. There were some spectacular shots of explosions and fires in the distance."So how was it in the war with the Purple Men?" Cliff asked."It was," Fredericks began, and then fell silent. Cliff looked at Fredericks thoughtful expression and waited patiently. "Its hard to talk about. You see those in the picture with their heads circled?""Yeah.""Those are the ones that died." There were all too few men in the picture that werent circled."Cliff, I lost all of my friends in two days. All the sights and sounds are still in my mind. I wouldn't wish that on anyone."Cliff and Fredericks just sat there for a while, thinking. Fredericks looked back down at his platoon. His mind went over each mans face that wasnt circled."Sometimes I think that the ones that died were the lucky ones," Fredericks said."Well, Fredericks," Cliff said finally, "We owe a lot to people like you."Fredericks stared off into the air and then looked over at Cliff and his eyes came back into focus. "We cant just sit around all day," he told Cliff as he put his stuff back. "We got work to do." ***Sam was suddenly startled out of his sleep by someone shaking him. In the weightlessness, he was shoved back and forth, banging into the walls of his bunk. He opened his eyes to see Frank."Wake up, Sam," Frank whispered loudly."What?""Get ready," Frank said as he fastened his belt and grabbed his headset, "Todays the big day.""Oh, yeah," Sam said, and excitedly got ready.Sam came into the kitchen and found half of the crew already there."Now, we picked half of the crew to fly manually for the first time," Gavin explained. "Jeffs men will take the two front maneuvering thrusters, because they trained on those. My men will take the main engines back in the engine room, and Cliffs men will take the rear maneuvering thrusters in the engine room. Ill be giving commands from the cockpit. Any questions?"The men shook their heads. They had trained for many days for this. Sam and Frank felt like they knew their thruster like the backs of their hands. Yesterday they had bet Joe and Porty that they could fire the thruster blindfolded. Joe took on the bet, and he lost. He and Frank headed for the exercise room and stood next to their thruster, anchoring their boots on the floor and wall. Joe and Porty were by the other one across the room. The rest of the men were in the engine room, next to the rear thrusters and main engines.Gavin floated up to the cockpit and strapped into a seat. He put on his headset."Ready?" he called, "Were going to start out slow. Yaw right at one power."Sam and Frank relaxed a little as their hands flew across the controls. Yawing was easier than the other maneuvers. Their engine was set and ready to fire long before Gavin gave the command. Franks hand rested on the firing lever.Gavin paused to make sure everyone was ready, then gave the command, "Three, two, one...Now."Frank jammed the lever down just when Gavin said the word Now, and then released it. Gavin watched the stars shift slowly in the windows. Then they abruptly stopped when he said "Now" the second time."Perfect!" he called, "You stopped on a dime!"The men cheered. They were doing the impossible. Mabok smiled and congratulated Gavin. He didnt expect that they would be able to fly this well without the computer."Yeah, well," Wes grumbled, "If I had a dime for every time he said that, Id retire."Gavin floated out of his chair and relaxed. It had been long and hard to get this far. The men deserved a rest.***Cliff came out of the airlock and walked up to Jeff, who was strapped in a chair in the cockpit."Jeff," Cliff said, removing his helmet, "The star weve been approaching is close now, and I think I spotted a planet.""Good," Jeff said, "Tell everybody else that were probably going to land soon.""Right," Cliff said and quickly left.Jeff turned to his team. "Lets get ready to land! Stow all the loose baggage. Lets go!" The men left through the airlock and Jeff smiled to himself. "After eight days, its about time we got here!"Several hours later, the crew of the Pinak was glad to see the familiar sphere of a planet out of the windows of the cockpit. Mabok wanted to be dropped off here because the Jaka navy almost never came here. The planet itself was quite distant from its star, which appeared small and about twice as bright as the full moon on Earth. The surface below was eerily dark and brownish red. Gavin ordered Cliff to have a look with the telescope."Gavin," Cliff said as he entered the cockpit, "I couldnt see the surface at all. All I could make out were clouds. Brown, tan, white and red. Almost like Jupiter, except there arent any regular bands around the planet, just swirls and blotches.""Thanks," Gavin said, "Now let's get ready for the landing.""Everybody out of the cockpit!" Jeff ordered. "Just Mabok and the team leaders. We want plenty of room to work here."The men filed out and took up positions around the ship where they could strap in. The equipment bay and the bunkrooms all had foldout seats that the crew could strap into."How are we going to land? We cant land on a gas planet." Gavin said."It isn't just gas," Mabok answered as he studied the instrument panel, "There is a hard surface below the clouds."Then Mabok eased the throttle handles forward and punched in computer commands. It looked easier to fly by computer than to fly it manually like they had been doing. Cliff rotated his seat to face out a side window, and strapped in. The ship started shuddering."This will be very violent," Mabok said grimly."This is gonna be rough," Gavin translated to the others."Everyone strapped in?" Jeff yelled down the ladder."Yeah," came the shouted reply.Mabok turned to Jeff. "Lock all the hatches between rooms," he said and Gavin translated it."Javier!" Jeff yelled back as he floated out of his chair, "Close and seal all the hatches between rooms!" Jeff floated to the airlock at the back of the cockpit and closed the hatch into the kitchen, the hatch on the floor of the airlock that went below, and then the hatch into the cockpit. Finally he strapped in. Javier and Wes floated through the ship and shut the remaining hatches before taking their places in their restraining couches again."I heard this might be bumpy," Javier said."Dont worry, buddy," Wes answered from beside him in his restraint, "If anything happens, at least you can be relieved by the fact that the worlds expert at being in a crash is right beside you.""Is that supposed to help?" Javier asked."When you are in an accident," Wes explained, "The key is to just stay relaxed until you are knocked unconscious, and then your body will loosen up automatically. If you stay loose, then youre less apt to get broken bones and stuff.""Ill try and remember that.""Dont worry about tensing up the first couple times. It takes awhile to get used to it.""Okay," Javier said weakly."The first time I rolled my Chevy, I was stiffer than a board from fright and all, but--""Wes!" Calvin interrupted, "Quit trying to scare the guy!""I was trying to help," Wes said, sounding hurt, "I was!"***In the cockpit, Cliff watched outside the window as the ship started vibrating. The dark sky was starting to turn pale. Soon the ship was buffeting, and the whine of the engines increased in pitch. As the ride continued, the sky turned blue, then gray, then a dark, brownish gold. The ship jerked and swayed beneath them and tossed the passengers around in their straps until finally Mabok pulled some control sticks and the crew felt the ship level out. It was dismally dark and red outside. Cliff felt quite heavy, maybe almost twice as heavy as he was on Earth, but after weightlessness, he wasnt sure. Then the ship lurched violently, and was finally still. Jeff unbuckled himself."What do we do now?" he asked."We wait for someone to come," Gavin said, translating Maboks reply.   