


Judd looked in the car and watched Lisa rifle through her bag of clothes while tapping his finger on his camera and losing his patience. She was digging for the right outfit for their photo-shoot, parked on the side of a gravel road next to a large abandon building which was in major disrepair. The property was fenced with the exception of the entrance which had no gate or signs warning against trespassers. On the west side was a barbed wire fence with a sign that told of how this building used to be an old school house with the date of its construction. Both Judd and Lisa thought this would make a great spot for a shoot, especially if they could get inside the building. “You about ready?” Judd asked.

“I’m looking for my lip gloss,” Lisa replied, digging in her bag.

“I don’t want to spend a lot of time here, you never know who might show up.”

“It’s public property,” Lisa replied.

“Are you sure?”

“There is nothing saying we can’t be here, it used to be an old school house, and this must be public property.”

Judd looked to the north towards the nearest farm house and wondered if anyone was at home. Although this looked like public land, who knew for sure?

“I found it,” Lisa said and got out of the car, she was topless, wearing only a miniskirt and cowgirl boots.”

“You better cover your tits,” Judd said. “Lots of country folk out here would love to catch a shot of your boobs.”

Lisa pulled out some clothes and bunched them up against her chest. “There, nobody will see anything.”

“Let’s go,” Judd said and led Lisa down the path to the property, Judd paused for a moment wondering if this was really public property or not. “Let’s make this quick,” he added and helped Lisa walk across the soft ground to the abandon building fifty yards away. “I have some ideas if we can get in the building,” Judd said.

“Like what?”

“I want to do a full topless set before we do the nudes, do you still want porn?” he asked.

“Yeah, I want everything,” she replied knowing she needed a set to send to the porn modeling site.

“Did you bring toys?”

“I brought a dildo,” she replied. “I’ll use my fingers for everything else.”

“Let me set up the shots,” Judd said, “I’m pretty good at coming up with ideas.”

“So am I,” Lisa snapped back.

“Don’t get pissy, I’m not just a camera jockey, I have some skill.”

“I know, that’s why I asked you to shoot me,” Lisa replied. “But I know what I want to send them. After my ideas are done, we can do what you want.”

By now the two were approaching the abandon building when out of the corner of his eye Judd spied a pickup truck pull onto the property and stop. He turned and said, “Look, somebody’s here.”

Lisa turned to look, “Fuck, what are they doing here?”

“I don’t know, but I better find out.” Judd stepped away from Lisa and took off walking towards the truck. He forgot he had a pellet gun pistol tucked in his belt as a shooting prop. Once he got to the truck he noticed an old man in the passenger seat with a white beard and coveralls. In the front seat was a forty year old something farmer with an unshaven face and seed corn cap.

“Is this your property?” Judd asked squinting in the sun.

“Yes it is,” the driver replied.

“Sorry, there’s no sign saying “No trespassing.”

“We don’t need no fucking sign,” the passenger snapped back.

“Actually you do, without a posted sign, we can’t be charged with trespassing. This looks like public property anyway, there is no gate and that sign looks like a historical marker.”

“Don’t matter, it’s my property, has been for twenty years now,” the driver said.

“Sorry, we’ll leave.”

“Are you two doing something you shouldn’t be doing?” the driver asked.

“Pardon me?” Judd asked back.

“You’re girlfriend there has no top on,”

Judd looked back at Lisa and saw her standing covering her top with her costumes. “She’s not naked,” Judd said.

“I don’t appreciate what you have in your belt either,” the driver said.

It only took a second for Judd to realize what the driver was talking about, the pistol in his back belt loop. He foolishly pulled it out to show the men it was a toy prop but before he could get it all the way out the driver said, “I got more like that you in this truck, be careful what you do.”

The pellet gun had been manufactured before the orange tip was required by law so it did look real from a distance.

“It’s a pellet gun,” Judd said holding it up for both men in the truck to see.

“Yeah, maybe, but you need to get off my property, I already called the sheriff.”

“I told you we’d leave, now give us a minute to go.”

“What kind of pictures are you taking?” the driver asked.

“She’s a model.”

“What kind of model?”

“The regular kind,” Judd replied.

“Where’s her shirt?”

“In her bag,” Judd replied.

“Do you think you should be doing that kind of pictures?”

“What I shoot is my business, now l need to get going.”

“Not on my property it isn’t, we don’t need some naked girl running around here getting her picture taken. What kind of perv are you?”

Now pissed, Judd replied, “She’s an adult, I’m sorry we came onto your property, it wasn’t posted as private property, but now we are going.”

“Not yet, I want to see her.”

“You said a second ago that you didn’t need a naked girl running around, and now you want to see her?”

“Are you going to stop me?”

Not knowing how to answer the question, Judd stood there silent.

“Tell her to get over here,” the driver said.

“No, I won’t.”

Both men looked at each other like it was a Mexican standoff saying nothing. Judd knew the farmer probably had the gun he claimed he had, but Judd also felt he could bluff his way out, especially if the sheriff was on the way.

“We’ll wait for the sheriff,” Judd said.

“I know the sheriff, he’s a good friend of mine. You best do as I say.”

Judd motioned for Lisa to come over, not to meet these two freaks, but to head on over to his car and leave. It was then the passenger got out of the driver’s side and hobbled around the truck with a limp. He stopped at the front bumper and leaned his weight on the fender. “I want to see the girl too,” he stated, practically drooling.

“I don’t get you two, you act like we’re doing something lewd, and then you want to see it?”

The driver replied, “You got it buddy.”

Lisa walked over to Judd and stood next to him still clutching her clothes to her large breasts. “What’s going on?” she asked.

“These guys want to see you.”

“See me?” Lisa asked.

“Let me see your tits,” the passenger said drooling like an eighty year old pervert.

“Nobody is going to see my tits,” Lisa replied.

The driver replied, “You’re on my property, I can see your tits if I want.”

“Yep, that’s the law!” the passenger said rubbing his crotch with his hands.

“Maybe you should show them your tits,” Judd said.

“No fucking way!” Lisa replied.

“He said he has a gun in the truck, these are farmers, and they always have guns”

“I don’t see a gun, let’s get the hell out of here,” Lisa said and took off walking towards the car still parked on the gravel road.

“Get your ass back here honey!” the driver said getting out of the truck holding the rifle he had been hiding behind the door.

Lisa continued to walk away not paying attention to the man yelling at her. The driver took off walking, following Lisa across the soft dirt field towards the car. He picked up speed and finally took off in a jog until he reached her grabbing her by the arm spilling her clothes and his gun onto the ground. Lisa spun around and her massive breasts swung into plain view.

“Now those are some nice tits!” the driver said smiling back to the passenger still leaning against the truck.

Lisa bent over to pick up her clothes from the soft dirt at her feet when she felt the driver push her back.

“No, no, I like you just like that,” he said with a toothless grin.

“Fuck you,” she said and kicked dirt into his face. She picked up a shirt and took off towards the car leaving the driver, the passenger and Judd behind.

Judd watched from across the field feeling anxious and angry. “Did you guys really call the sheriff?” he asked.

The passenger walked around the truck keeping one hand on the frame to help keep his balance. “Fuck no, we just wanted to scare the shit out of you.”

“Is this really your property?”

“Yeah, it is, actually it belongs to his mother.”

“You’re not his dad?”

“I’m the hired help dumb ass, I feed cows and shit like that.”

By now the driver had walked back to the truck and stood looking at Judd. His gun was still sitting back where Lisa’s clothes were on the ground. “Your girlfriend is waiting for you,” he said.

“You going to let me go?” Judd asked.

“If I see any pictures of my property anywhere on the internet, I’ll come find you and kick your ass, you understand me?”

“You just attacked a half-naked woman and you’re threatening me? I should call the sheriff on you!”

“Go ahead, it’s your word against mine.”

Judd shrugged his shoulders and walked away towards his car. When he got to the drivers rifle he picked it up and kept walking.

“Hey! Put that down!” the driver yelled.

Judd stopped and looked back at the two men standing next to the truck. “Fuck you, come and get it!” he yelled. Normally he would never act like this, but he was beyond pissed and not his usual self. It didn’t take long for the two men to get in the truck and spin out taking off towards him. At this distance to his car, it wasn’t worth running, he knew he wouldn’t make it, he also knew he didn’t know how to operate the rifle. So now what? He had to wait to see what happened for he dug himself a hole too big to crawl out of.

In a blink of an eye, the truck slid to a halt kicking up dust and covering Judd in a cloud he couldn’t see through. He could only hope he wouldn’t be hit. A breeze pushed away the dust cloud and three feet in front of him the truck sat revving. Judd knew he was fucked so he tossed the rifle on the hood and turned to walk away. It was at that point he lost all memory of what occurred next.





 2


In a cup





Judd woke to the painful sensation of being ran over by a truck. He was in a room he didn’t recognize with the smell of a backed up sewer. Lisa was tied up in a chair, nude, against the wall in a dimly lit hallway. In the air was the distant sound of a radio playing a song by the band Boston. It was familiar, but he didn’t know the name. Sitting on an office chair in his boxers, jerking off was the driver looking at a porn site.

“Who the fuck are you?” Judd asked.

The driver took his hand off his cock for a moment and turned to look at Judd lying on the ground tied up. “Paul,” the man said.

“What are you doing?” Judd asked.

“Jacking off, what does it look like?” Paul replied.

“What are you doing to Lisa?”

“Your girl?”

“She’s tied up naked in the hall,”

“Yeah?”

“You have a real naked woman twenty feet away and you’re jerking it to porn?”

“What makes you think I didn’t fuck her already?” Paul asked with a shit eating grin.

“Did you?”

“No, I have to ask momma first, when she gets home.”

Judd looked over to Lisa to see if she was awake, by now she had heard his voice and was looking over at him. “You ok?” Judd asked.

“I’m ok, for now, what’s going on?”

“I don’t know, Paul here is waiting for his mother to come home.” Judd replied. “Paul, how old are you?” Judd asked.

“Fifty six,” Paul replied not stopping for a moment from jerking his cock.

“Can you stop that while we talk?”

Paul turned around in his seat exposing his hard cock to Judd. His balls hung down over the seat of the chair. “I’m like five minutes from blowing my wad, can you wait a minute? What’s so fucking important?”

“I’m tied up, that’s important, so is she!”

“Five minutes, hold on,” Paul said and went back to his jerking.

“When does your mother get home?”

“In fifteen minutes, now shut up! I have to get done before she gets home!”

“What happens if she gets home too soon? Are you afraid she’ll catch you?” Judd asked.

“No, I have to do this every day before she gets home, I put it in a cup and give it to her, if I don’t have it ready to go, and she beats me.”

“What?” Judd asked dumbfounded. “She wants you to jerk off to porn?”

“Yes, I have too.”

“Why?”

“She sells it online,” Judd replied.

“That is so fucking gross, who buys used splooge?”

“I don’t sell it, she does, and she gets good money for it, so shut up so I can get done.”

Shaking his head, Judd watched Paul go at it as fast as he could from the back. In the hall, he could still see Lisa tied up to her chair looking at him for help. She had to know Judd was tied up and couldn’t do anything, but she still looked to him like a helpless puppy dog.

Just then they all heard a door slam and a woman yelling, “Paul, you got my blow?”

“Almost mother, give me a minute!”

“Hurry up or I’ll come get it out of you!” her voice came from up the stairs. Then they could hear her footsteps on the stairs and knew she was coming downstairs. “Holy fuck! Who is this?” she asked, then she looked in the hall and saw Lisa, “and her?”

Paul stopped jerking for a second to answer his mother. “They were on the school house property taking filthy pictures,” Paul replied.

“What are they doing here?” she asked.

“They wouldn’t leave, so I had to run him over, and then I grabbed her and brought them both down here.”

“Shit,” she said under her breath. The woman, “momma” was very fit for a woman in her seventies. Long grey hair and a decent body, not what Judd would expect? “How’s my blow coming?” she asked Paul.

“With all this going on, I can’t concentrate,” Paul replied.

“I got to have it, I have customers waiting,” she replied in disgust. “Here, let me help,” she added walking over to Paul. “Let me see it,” she said getting down on her knees.

Paul let his mother have access to his cock and she took it in her hand and began to jerk quickly back and forth. “How is that?” she asked.

Paul leaned back in ecstasy and began to quake in pleasure. “You might need to do more momma, I’m really stressed.”

“Ok,” she said and took Paul’s cock in her mouth and began to give him a blow job. She pulled his cock out of her mouth and asked, “Where is the cup?”

Paul handed her the cup and she went back down on Paul and continued to give him head. With a motion of his hand, he signaled to his mother that he was ready to blow, she pulled his cock out of her mouth and put the tip of his penis in the cup and watched him blow as she continued to stroke him. When he was done she held the cup up to the light, “Twenty milliliters, not bad,” she said and put the lid on the cup. She looked over to Judd and said, “I bet I could get that much out of you.”

“What?” Judd asked. “I’m all for a good blow job, but I’m no bull you can squeeze out.”

“What’s it to you? All you have to do is lie there,” she replied.

“I’m not jerking off for you!”

“You’re girlfriend in the hall can blow you,” Momma replied.

“She’s not my girlfriend, she’s a model I was doing a shoot for.”

“Model eh? Looks like a dime store whore to me.”

“Fuck you!” Lisa yelled from the hall.

“Let me put this in the fridge, I’ll be back in a minute,” Momma said walking into the next room.

“What the fuck is going on here Paul? What kind of farm do you run?”

“We have cattle, and about two hundred acres of corn, why do you ask?”

“You’re selling splooge on EBay for God’s sake!”

“It’s legal, I think,” Paul replied.

“Actually it’s not,” Momma said returning to the room. “I have to sell this through certain chat rooms.

“How long have you been doing this?” Judd asked.

Momma looked to Paul as if he had an answer. He didn’t so she replied, “About three years now.”

“Are you saying you’ve made your son jack off every day for three years?”

“Yes, all men do it, why not profit from it?”

“Who buys it?” Judd asked.

“It’s a chat room, I don’t ask names.”

“Why is there a market for it? Who uses it?”

“Like I said, I don’t ask questions, when the transaction clears, I put it in the mail.”

“How often do you help your boy out?”

“Not often, maybe once a month. I don’t like touching that gross thing, but I get three hundred a bottle. For that, I’d suck off a dog.”

Judd thought for a moment and tried to digest what was going on. “When do we get to leave?”

Momma replied, “Not sure, I didn’t expect my boy to be dragging home strangers. I’m not exactly sure what to do with you.”

“We won’t tell anyone, just let us go.”

“I’m not stupid, I know you’ll go running to the sheriff the second I let you go. I don’t want to keep you here, but what can I do? Dumbass here kidnapped you, that’s prison time.”

Paul chimed in, “Momma, they were trespassing, they broke the law first.”

“Even so, I don’t think the law is going to like us keeping them tied up down here.”

“What do you want to do momma.” Paul asked.

“Take the backhoe down to the school and dig up a hole big enough to stuff both of them. At least six to ten feet deep. I think there is some groundwater issues down there so if you hit a muddy spot, stop.”

“What? You’re going to kill us for trespassing? It wasn’t even posted!”

“We’re beyond that now,” Momma replied. “My boy pretty much fucked up your fate, probably should have let you go back then, but what is done is done. No going back now.”

“Wait, can we work up a deal?” Judd asked.

“Maybe, what do you have in mind?”

“I’ll give you as much blow as I can, and you can sell it.”

“What about her?” Momma asked. “What does she have I can sell?”

“I’m not attached to her, I don’t care,” Judd replied.

“What!” Lisa yelled from the hall. “You’re going to let her kill me?”

“You make your own deal! I’m just a photographer,” Judd replied.

“Nice,” Momma said. “I don’t know what I can do with the girl, but I’m sure I can come up with something. Maybe a webcam girl, or something like that.”

“So it’s a deal?” Judd asked.

Momma walked over to the desk where the computer sets and pulled a cup out of a drawer, she put the cup on the floor next to Judd’s face and said, “You fill that tonight and I’ll see what I can do.”

“You need to untie me,” Judd replied.

“You only need one hand, Paul will untie that, the other one stays where it is. As long as you're filling cups, you stay out of the pit.”





An hour later Judd was trying his best to get the job done, it was then he realized that getting his blow into a cup with one hand would be next to impossible. He yelled out to whoever would listen, “Hey! I need help here!”

Momma stepped into the room wearing only her bra. She was amazingly fit and tight. “What do you need honey?” she asked.

“How am I supposed to get my blow into the cup? It keeps tipping over.”

“Maybe I could tape the cup to the floor?” she asked in a prim and proper manner.

“Can you just hold it?” he asked.

“That would work for now, but I can’t always be around to hold your cup.”

“I just need you this one time, to show you I’m serious. If you can hold it for five minutes, I’ll be done.

Momma sat on the floor and crossed her legs holding the cup for Judd. She watched patiently as he stroked back and forth trying to orgasm. It was awkward but he knew he could get it done. Stroke after stroke he brought himself closer till he blew his wad and shot into the cup.

“Very nice, that’s about ten milliliters, you might need to do that three times a day to keep up with my boy.”

“I’ll do my best,” Judd said taking a break.

Momma leaned back and spread her legs showing her shaved pussy off to Judd. “What do you think? Could I pass for thirty?”

Judd stared at her pussy lips and said, “Yeah, I bet you could.”

“Oh, you’re just saying that,” she replied fishing for compliments.

“No, you’re pretty smooth, not a lot of wrinkles.”

“Would you eat this pussy?”

“Now?” he asked.

“No silly, in general. If you were at a party, and I came up to you and spread wide and asked you to eat me, what would you say?”

“I’d say yes,” Judd replied.

“You’re just saying that because I have you tied up,” she said with a grin.

“No, really, that’s a nice pussy, I’d love to spend an hour with it.”

“Maybe sometime,” Momma replied, “I’ll make it a special treat for you.”

“Do you have any daughters?”

“Why do you ask? You said my pussy was good enough for you.”

“I know, but if your pussy is that awesome at your age, I’d love to see...”

Before Judd could finish his sentence, Momma slapped him across the face and kicked him with her bare foot. “My pussy is the only pussy you’ll see, you got that?”

“What about Lisa?”

“She’s upstairs, I put her to work.”

“Doing what? She’s tied up.”

“House cleaning, Paul is watching her, he has a gun.”

“Great, I bet he loves that.”

“What do you mean?”

“He jerks off to porn all day, I bet he enjoys a real woman once and a while.”

“He’s not jerking off to her, I’m the queen around here.”





 3


Diner





Anne Marie, Lisa’s mother, punched the keys on the cash register at the “Holy Smokes” diner. She did the day shift and wore an apron that covered just below her short shorts. For a woman of fifty two, she was hot. She handed the change back to the customer and proceeded back to the counter where she was chatting with two men from the local rock quarry.

“Can you suck your own tit?” one of the men asked. His name was Ed and he was gross.

Anne unbuttoned her blouse and pulled out her right breast. She gave it a tug and pulled it up to her mouth where she gave it a little suck. “Yeah, I think so,” she replied. She left her breast hanging out of her shirt while she adjusted her apron.

“You’re a pretty awesome lady,” Ed said. “Can I touch it?”

“Thirty bucks and you can suck on it during my break,” she said.

“Does it bother you that the customers can see your boob hanging out?” Ed asked.

“No, I just tell them I’m breast feeding, they’re pretty stupid anyway.”

“Think so?”

“Yeah, half the food we serve is stuff we got back on the plate ten minutes before. We shuffle it around and serve it again.”

“That’s fucking gross, do you do that to me?”

“Yeah, all the time, if I didn’t tell you, you wouldn’t know.”

The other man, Frank chimed in. “Is that a mole on your boob?”

Anne looked down at her boob and pushed it around, no, that’s something from the fryer,” and flicked it off.

“Why do you have crap on your boob from the kitchen?”

“I was fucking the delivery guy an hour ago, must have rubbed my tit on the stove. Good thing I didn’t get burned.”

“You really get around don’t you?” Frank asked.

“Pretty much, waitressing don’t pay shit, got to make it up somewhere.

“You charged the delivery guy?”

“He pays me in food, he drops a load in me, and then drops a load from his truck in my cooler.”

“So he’s ripping off his job to pay you for sex?”

“Yeah, what’s wrong with that?” Anne asked.

“Nothing, what kind of food does he give you?”

“Mostly frozen burritos and steak,” Anne replied.

“What else do you do for money?”

“I’m pretty lazy so mostly sex. I can fuck three guys over my lunch hour.”

“How much do you charge?”

“Twenty bucks a load, condom of course.”

“How much without a condom?”

“I won’t do bareback, I’m not getting and STD’s”

“Not even in the butt?”

“I’ll do butt, but with a condom, and that’s fifty bucks.”

`“How much for a blow job?”

“Twenty.”

“Hand job?”

“Ten.”

“See you naked?”

“Two fifty.” Anne replied.

“How much do you make working here at the diner?”

“Oh, about sixty bucks a day with tips.”

“How much do you take home with the extras?”

“On a good day, four hundred.”

“So why work here? You can get a street corner for free.”

“There’s no respect in working a street corner.”

“Hey, where’s Lisa? She’s usually around here by now.”

“Fuck I don’t know, she’s an adult.”

“What an awesome mom you are,” Ed said.

“Fuck you,” Anne snapped back.

“No thanks, I don’t get paid till Friday,” he said with a chuckle.

Anne heard a ding from behind her and grabbed two plates from the kitchen. She set one plate in front of each man. “Here you go boys,” she said.

“Is this new or did this come off somebody else’s old plate?” Ed asked.

“What’s the difference?” she asked.

“I want to know,” Ed asked.

Anne turned around and yelled through the window back to the kitchen. “Hey Jack, are these new?”

Ed heard a muffled voice and watched Anne turn back to him.

“No, both of these are old, now eat,” she said.

“How much of it is old? The bun looks new.”

“It is new, now eat.”

“What if the guy who had this first had herpes?”

“You get herpes from butt fucking apes, not eating hamburgers, now don’t worry about it.”

“How do you know?”

“I saw it on the Discovery channel, or some science show, I can’t remember. As long as you don’t try to fuck it or stick it in your butt you’ll be fine.”

“Is that gravy or slobber?”

Anne leaned over and pushed the sauce around with a fork. “I’m guessing barbecue sauce with a little mucus mixed in.”

Ed gagged a little and pushed the plate away. “I can’t eat that,” he said swallowing hard.

“Have you ever eaten a whore’s pussy?” Anne asked.

“Yes,” Ed replied.

“Did you watch her wash it first?”

“No.”

“Well I bet her pussy was a lot worse than this burger.”

“Yeah, you got a point I guess.”





Then from the front of the diner a large silhouette walked through the door and waddled its way over to the three chatting at the counter. It was Sheriff Axl Jackson, two hundred and eighty pounds of pure asshole. “Anne, where is that piece of shit daughter of yours?” he asked taking off his mirror sunglasses.

“Which one? Lisa or Trish?”

“The one with the rainbow tattoo on her coochie,”

“That’s Lisa, how do you know she has a rainbow tattoo down there?”

“I pulled her over once, did a strip search, had to use my night stick on her. She liked it a little too much if you ask me.”

“I don’t know where she is, why do you ask?” Anne asked.

“Somebody reported her and some guy are taking nude pictures out in the country, do you know anything about that?” the sheriff asked.

“No, she didn’t say anything to me, who’s taking the pictures?”

“I don’t know, I was hoping you could tell me.”

“Is there something wrong? I mean, is she flashing kids or something?”

“I don’t know about you, but where I come from this kind of behavior is looked down upon.”

“Sheriff, we both came from here, you were in the class ahead of me in high school.”

The sheriff leaned in close and looked down at Anne’s exposed tit. “What’s this?” he asked in a condescending tone.

“It’s a tit, ever seen one before?” Anne replied.

“Why is it hanging out here for everyone to see?”

“I was giving out free creamer with the coffee, what it is to ya?” she snapped back.

“I’d advise you put that thing back where it belongs” he said calm and cool. “I don’t need a disturbance today, I’ve got some raging hemorrhoids.”

“I’ll put it back when these guys leave, they still have coffee in their cups.”

The sheriff leaned back and put all his weight on an empty barstool. “If that wannabe pornstar daughter of yours comes back, call me, I want to know what she’s doing.”

“Fine,” Anne said and watched the sheriff waddle his way back outside.

“What a fuck head,” Ed said. “Can I get some cream for my coffee?”

Anne grabbed a packet of creamer and tossed it to Ed, “You want creamer, use that,” she replied tucking her tit back into her bra. “If you want extra, you gotta pay.”

Frank pulled out his wallet and poked around. “I got two twenties, what will that get me?”

“I’m not on break,” Anne replied.

“You’ll pass up forty bucks?”

“I get my lunch at one, come back then.”

“This is my lunch break, I can’t come back at one, and it’s either now or never.”

Anne poked around the condiments carrier and looked around the room. For noon it was dead. Maybe she could work in something. “Ok, I can give you a blowjob until someone walks in for lunch.”

“I’m not paying for that, you might not finish.”

“Best I can do.”

“What about when you get off work?”

“My husband picks me up at five.”

“You’re married? Does he know you do this?”

“He got me the job, he calls himself my pimp.”

“Holy buckets of fuck,” Frank said. “So he won’t mind if we do it in the back of your car while he waits?”

“Probably not, he has a new compound bow he’s been looking at. I’m sure he could use the money.”

“So meet you back here at five?” Frank asked.

“Sure, but if you’re not here, I’m not waiting for you. I don’t do flakes.” Just then her phone rang. “It’s him, hold on.” For the next few minutes Frank sat back and waited as Anne talked to her husband. Then she hung up the phone.

“What’s up?” Frank asked.

“He wants to know where Lisa is, she’s his daddy’s girl.”

“Did you ask him about five o’clock?”

“No, I forgot, but it will be fine, bring your money and meet me here. You get fifteen minutes with me, has to be with a condom.”





 4


Toby





Lisa stood at the side of a small river, naked and alone. She managed to escape from Paul who wasn’t paying attention to what he was doing. He was busy in the bathroom putting lotion on his dick. Jerking off twice a day every day really can cause skin breakdown. She was lost and trying to find a road but now was trapped between Momma’s house and the river. She could see the road across the river, but didn’t want to get in and try to wade to the other side. Then she heard a small voice.

“What are you doing?” the voice said.

Lisa didn’t see anything and for a moment thought she was hearing things.

“Do you need help?” the voice said.

This time Lisa looked down and saw what she thought was a beaver looking up at her. “Are you talking to me?” she asked.

“Yes, you’re the only one here,” the beaver replied.

“Why yes, I am trying to get across the river,” she replied.

“I know a place where you can get across,” the beaver said. “It’s about a quarter mile up river.”

“Ok, I have a question first though,”

“What?”

“Are you a beaver?” she asked.

“I get that a lot, yes, I’m a beaver,” the beaver replied.

“I was wondering if you were just a giant rat,” Lisa said.

“I do think I’m a member of the rodent family, not sure, I failed biology class.”

“You went to school?” Lisa asked.

“Yeah, community college. Was going to get my bachelors but I got sick of school.”

“I didn’t go to college at all,” Lisa said. “I’m not the academic type.”

“So what do you want to do with your life?” the beaver asked.

“I thought I’d give modeling a shot, maybe porn,” Lisa replied.

“I’d watch out for that if I were you, some modeling can be a scam.”

“I know, I did a lot of reading on it, I’m being careful. I hired my own photographer so they wouldn’t try to sell me headshots.”

The beaver looked Lisa up and down. “You got a nice face, but you don’t really have the hips to be a model. You need more curves. And your nipples? Sort of odd looking, not sure I’ve ever seen anything like those before. Sort of like fried apples with peas stuck to them.”

“I can specialize, you know they have hand models, and other types,” Lisa said.

“Yeah, you could model hair coloring, or make up I suppose. I don’t think lingerie is for you. Although I like your feet.”

“Thanks, I’ve never got a compliment on my feet before,” Lisa said looking at her toes.

“So, you want to get to the other side?” the beaver asked.

“Yes, can you show me?”

“Yeah, this would be easier if you picked me up,” the beaver said.

“No problem,” Lisa said scooping up the beaver. She held it in her arms at waist level like a baby. “Which way?” she asked.

“Head in the direction you’re standing and watch for stickers, this place is full of them.”

Lisa headed off in the direction the beaver told her and together they bounced along trying to avoid the stickers on the ground. “So how long have you lived here?” Lisa asked.

“Oh, about two years now,” the beaver replied. “Not a bad place to live.”

“You like the country?”

“Yes, better than town, traffic sucks for a small place.”

“Do you have a wife, kids?”

“I had a girlfriend but she’s gone...”

“What happened?”

“She met another beaver and left me, hard to talk about.”

“That’s ok, you don’t have too,”

“No, no, I really should or I’ll never get over it.”

“If you want,”

“Ok, well, one day I come home and get into my lodge when I see this big furry brown fuck head banging my girlfriend on the couch. I flip out and start ripping this guy apart when my bitch girlfriend pops in and starts defending him. She tells me she never loved me and to get the hell out of her house.”

“What did you do?”

“I killed them both and left them for the coyotes.”

“I like that, you seem to be a man of conviction.”

“Nobody fucks with me, nobody,” the beaver replied. “Look up ahead, you can see the crossing coming up.”

Lisa looked and saw a strip of land that led out into the river to a small opening. Since the spot where the river ran was narrow, it was also fast moving with rapids and white water. “I can’t cross there, the water’s too fast!”

“Oh bullshit, you can make it, hold onto the rocks as you go, it’s only twenty feet or so.”

“Twenty feet of a fucking flood, I’ll fall on the rocks and be killed!”

“I’ll walk you through it, it will be a breeze, trust me.”

Lisa walked onto the strip of land and over to the rapids and looked at the white water splash and flow over the rocks. “No fucking way, I’d be better off walking back to the farmhouse.”

“You know they’ll string you up and skin you for your hide don’t you? Those are crazy fuckers back there. Momma and her boy.”

“No way!”

“Yep, you better get to crossing that river before they send the dogs after you. They don’t take kindly to their catch getting away,” the beaver said.

“Can I ask you a question?” Lisa asked.

“Sure,”

“What’s your name?”

“Toby Wheatfarmer,” the beaver replied.

“That’s pretty fucked up,” Lisa said.

“You don’t like Toby?”

“No, I don’t like Wheatfarmer, sounds hick.”

“What’s your name?” the beaver asked.

“Lisa Marie,” Lisa replied.

“Not bad, you look more like a Cindy or an Agnes,” the beaver replied.

“Ok, Toby, get me across that stream, I don’t want to be skinned.”

“Ok, all you have to do is step lightly, hold onto the rocks and slowly make your way across the stream. Just make sure you don’t knock me off your back.”

“You’re a beaver, you can swim mister.”

“I don’t like swimming, I’d rather ride.”

“You’re a beaver, swimming is what you do.”

“That’s profiling and you know it!” Toby snapped back.

“What are you going to do? Stick your claws into my back? And fuck, you weigh like fifty pounds!”

“Fine! Go by yourself, last time I ever help you,” Toby said with his best passive aggressive snark.

Lisa stood looking down at Toby feeling guilty. Her leg hair waving in the cool breeze.

“You really need to wax your beaver you know, that thing needs work.”

Lisa looked down between her legs and nodded her head in agreement. “Yeah, I was going to get it waxed but there’s nobody in town that does that and I’m not going to buy some kit and do it myself.”

“Well anyway, let’s get going,” Toby said motioning to the rapids.

Lisa walked over to the edge of the water followed by Toby who scrambled over the way beavers do.

“Put your foot in the water,” Toby said.

Lisa put her toe in the water and was surprised at how warm it was. She pressed down until she hit solid ground with water splashing around her leg.

“See, it’s not all that bad, grab the first big rock you see.”

Lisa squatted down and reached for a big rock. It seemed stable so she put her other foot in the water. It met solid ground as well. A few more steps and she was a third of the way across the stream. Just then she felt something grab her ankle and tug, she screamed a shriek and then was pulled up stream and submerged.

Toby watched in shock as the woman he had just met a half hour ago was now gone, somewhere under the water probably drowning. Why did she go upstream instead of downstream? Toby didn’t have time to worry about it, he knew he had to get to her before she was dead. Taking off in a dead run, Toby dove in the water looking for Lisa. With his beaver swimming ability, he darted from side to side looking for her, then he saw her being pulled deep into a cave and swam down to save her.

The swift moving water made rescue difficult, and Toby couldn’t understand what forces were pulling her down, but he managed to catch up with her and get pulled into a cave which led into a tunnel. Once in the tunnel, a different current swept them both deep inside, into darkness where they traveled an unknown distance until they saw light above and the current subsided. Almost out of air, the two surfaced into someone’s outside swimming pool.

“Oh my God!” Lisa yelled out of breath.

Toby swam to the edge of the pool and got out. He looked around and saw a very nice back yard with a manicured lawn and gas grill. There were no other people around except for Lisa who was now crawling out of the pool.

“Are you alright?” Toby asked.

“Give me a second,” Lisa said bent over taking deep breaths. Her boobs hung down and swung back and forth. “Yeah, I’m ok, what was that we went through?” she asked.

“I have no fucking clue,” Toby replied. “Must have been an old lava tube or something.”

“Lava tube? I don’t think this area was ever volcanic.”

“Question is, why did it lead to this pool?” Toby asked.

Lisa stood upright and put her hands on her wide hips. She looked at the house and said, “Maybe we should ask the owners.”

“Are you sure? I don’t like this, I think we should go to the police,” Toby said.

“Maybe, ok, let’s do that,” she said and they both took off walking around the side of the house towards the front. It was there they spied a mail truck delivering the mail. “Let’s ask him,” Lisa said and she took off in a run, boobs flopping all over the place. “Hey, hold up!” she said running over to the delivery guy.

“What can I do for you?” the delivery guy said looking at Lisa’s naked body.

“We just came through some sort of tunnel and landed in this guy’s pool, we need help getting back, can you help us?” Lisa asked. By now Toby had caught up and was standing next to Lisa’s leg.

“Where are you from young lady?”

“We’re from Sparksville, isn’t this Sparksville?” she asked looking around. The landscape wasn’t familiar.

“No, no, this is Lancaster,” the delivery man replied.

“I don’t think I’ve ever heard of Lancaster before.”

“I’ve been in the delivery business for years and I don’t think I’ve ever heard of Sparksville either.”

“Well holy buckets of shit,” Toby said.

“Who’s your friend down there?” the delivery guy asked.

“He’s my beaver,” Lisa replied. “His name is Toby.”

“Hi Toby,” the delivery man said.

“What are you delivering?” Toby asked making conversation.

The delivery man looked at the package in his hand and read the contents. “Human sperm,” he said aloud.

“Human sperm? That’s pretty fucked up,” Lisa said. “I met a lady that was selling her son’s sperm online, what’s the return address?”

“The delivery guy looked all around and couldn’t find a return address. “Doesn’t say,” he said.

“Wouldn’t it be weird if the sperm in that package came from the same house I was tied up in?” Lisa asked.

“You were tied up?” the delivery man asked.

“Yes, I was kidnapped by some creepy guys at a photo shoot. One of the guys had to jerk off into a cup twice a day so his mother could sell it online.”

“That’s a pretty fanciful story young lady,” the delivery man said.

“It’s true, ask my beaver.”

“Which one?” the delivery man asked.

“Toby, my other one doesn’t talk,” Lisa replied.

“Is that true?” the delivery man asked Toby.

“Fuck I don’t know, I wasn’t there, I met her at the river. For all I know she’s some freaking psycho,” Toby said.

“Well, anyway,” the delivery guy said, “I need to get moving on, I have packages to deliver. You might consider putting some clothes on Miss, some folks might not take kindly to a naked woman walking around town with her beaver hanging out.”

“I would if I could, but I don’t have any money to buy clothes.”

The delivery man reached in his pocket and pulled out some cash, he counted it, “Here’s seven dollars that should get you a t-shirt and a pair of panties.”

“You want me to walk into a department store naked and buy clothes?” Lisa asked.

“Well, your other option would be to break into a house and steal some I guess.”

“Could you go in the store and buy them for me and bring them out?” Lisa asked.

“Ma’am, I have a job to do, I’m already late. If you weren’t so pretty, I’d of ditched you a long time ago. Ask your beaver to do it for you.”

“I don’t think they let rodents into department stores,” Lisa replied. “And I don’t think he can hold the money in his little hands.”

“Well, I guess you’re fucked then, have a good day,” the delivery man said and off he went in his truck to the next house.





 5


Anal lube





That evening Frank flaked and failed to show up for his five o’clock blowjob, or fuck, or whatever they were going to do so Anne and her husband Roger left for home. While in the car, Anne decided she wanted to stop at the dollar store and pick up some stuff. Roger hated shopping but he was driving and had to go. Anne even made Frank go inside.

Once inside, Anne pulled frank into the women’s clothing section and started asking questions. “Honey, do you think this bra is sexy?” she asked pulling one off the rack.

“I don’t know, they all look the same to me,” Roger replied.

“How about this one?” she said pulling a pink one down off the hook.

“Yeah, that’s nice.”

“Is there something wrong Roger?”

“No, I just don’t like shopping, that’s all.”

“You haven’t gone queer on me have you?” Anne asked.

“What?”

“I’m showing you bras and you act like we’re looking at shelf paper, this stuff should turn you on.”

“Anne, I’ve seen you naked for twenty five years, it’s not like you’re an eighteen year old at the strip joint hanging her tits above me trying to get a dollar from me. I’ve seen you, a lot.”

“I think you’ve gone queer, no man acts like this unless he’s been taking cocks up the ass.”

“I’m not queer!” Roger yelled across the store. “I like pussy! I’m just tired of yours!”

“Oh my fucking God!” Anne yelled back. “Are you saying I’m gross?”

Roger stood there fuming mad trying not to explode. Then he exploded. “You have ass fat so bad that the cheese factory called asking to buy my supply. You’re tits are so saggy they hang over your belly button. Sometimes when you give me head, I swear you’re scraping me with your dentures, now back off!” Roger yelled.

“I don’t have dentures!” Anne yelled back.

“Maybe not, but your tits look like flat tires and feel like them too. I can’t stand to look at you when you come out of the shower. I know you stand there naked trying to get me to look at you, you drop your towel so many times I swear you have some neurological disease. When you bend over, your beaver hair looks like a wig you tied down there to cover your wrinkled up pussy lips.”

“If I’m so gross, why do so many guys want to fuck me?” Anne barked back.

“Because those guys are sick and tired of their flabby gross wives. Hell, half of them don’t have wives and would fuck a dog in heat if they had the chance. Now get your fucking bra and let’s get the fuck out of here.”

“No, we’re not finished yet, I swear you’re a queer and I can prove it.”

“You can’t prove shit,” Roger said crossing his arms.

“I know what you do when I’m at work, you say you’re down at the shop, but I’ve found men’s underwear under our bed, and it isn’t yours.”

“Bullshit,” Roger replied knowing he was busted.

“Really? And what about the anal lube you hide in your bedside table? You don’t use that on me!”

“I use it for my feet, keeps them soft,” Roger replied lying out his ass, no pun intended. He began to sweat.

“And one more thing, I got on your phone when you were sleeping, I read your texts from your boyfriend asking him how much he liked you licking his asshole. You never licked my asshole!”

“That wasn’t a guy that was a woman.”

“Oh, like that makes it better, even if that were true, that just proves you’ve been cheating on me.”

“You have sex with other guys all the time!”

“Because you want me too! I get paid to fuck those guys, you spend that money on your hobbies! Of which now I see fucking guys is one!”

“I think you’re drunk, or stoned, I never cheated on you and I don’t have sex with men.”

“Whatever, “Anne replied. “When we get home you’re fucking the shit out of me, if you’re not queer, you better pound me till I can’t walk straight.”

“I’ll pound you right here,” Roger said. He walked over to Anne, spun her around and undid her pants, pulled them down and began to stroke her between the legs in full view of the customers who had gathered to hear them yell at each other. “What the fuck are you looking at?” Roger yelled to the onlookers, it did nothing to make them go away.

Roger then slid Anne’s panties to the floor and whipped out his dick. He bend her over and tried to shove it inside her but she was dry. “Can someone get me some pussy lube please?” he asked the crowd.

“One second,” a clerk yelled and Roger stood there hoping his boner would last. In a minute the clerk brought a box of sex lube and handed it to Roger. “Can you open it?” he asked. “My hands are full.”

The clerk opened the box and pulled out the lube, she unscrewed the cap and poured some into Rogers’s hand. By now Anne was getting sore from bending over and Roger’s boner was almost gone. He quickly rubbed some on his cock and shoved it inside with an astounding whomp that send Anne’s head crashing into a sunglasses display case.

Once inside, Roger pumped Anne as fast and hard as he could until he lost his erection and his dick fell out.

“What happened?” someone from the crowd asked.

“He lost it,” someone else replied.

“He’s a queer,” Anne said and stood upright. “He can’t keep a boner unless the other one has one too.”

Just then a man stepped forward, a large man with hair like an ape. “Is that right? Are you queer? If so, I’d hate to see you waste that lube.”

Roger looked at the man and his dick began to get stiff again. “You up for it?” Roger asked to Anne’s shock and horror.

“I was right!” Anne yelled.

“Shut the fuck up,” Roger said and motioned for the stranger with the hairy body to come closer. The man stood before Roger and grabbed his cock and began to stroke it rock hard.

“You want it in the butt or the mouth?” the stranger asked.

“The butt,” Roger replied and watched the stranger pull down his pants and underwear exposing his ripe hairy ass. Roger lit up like a light bulb and rammed his cock into the stranger’s ass like a freight train hitting a wall of bunnies. The crowd watched in enthusiastic excitement as these two guys engaged in a brutal homosexual sex fest. In a few minutes, Roger climaxed, pulled out his cock and shot his load all over the back of the stranger he had just met. Once spent, his dick went limp and he had to sit down and recover.

“That was the sickest fucking thing I’ve ever seen,” Anne said standing in the crowd still half naked. “You used to do that to me.”

“Yeah, what a waste that was,” Roger said. “We need a cleanup on aisle nine,” Roger said to the clerk. And put that lube up at the counter, I’ll pay for it when I get this cleaned up.”





Ten minutes later, Roger and Anne were back in the car heading home. Anne crossed her arms and acted like a bitch.

“What the fuck is wrong now?” Roger asked.

“Are you kidding me? You fucked some guy in a store in front of strangers. You know how humiliating that is?”

“No, and I don’t care.”

“I want a divorce,” Anne said under her breath.

“Really? After all these years you want to get a divorce? You get all the action you want on the side, you have a house, you have all the shit you want, and now you want a divorce because I decided I like cock better than your raggy old hole?”

“It’s about love Roger, not sex.”

“Bullshit, you think I loved that guy? All he was to me was a rock solid piece of ass. You’re the only woman I ever loved. You’re just pissed because I did it in public.”

“It’s not him, it’s the other guys you’ve been bringing into our bed.”

“Oh shit, those guys are a dime a dozen, I pay them ten bucks for an hour. I don’t know most of them at all.”

“You pay for it? Those guys are prostitutes? What kind of diseases are you bringing into our house? Do you use a condom?”

“No, I don’t use a condom, I’m not putting a trash bag on my cock, I can’t feel their sweet assholes that way.”

“I am so grossed out now, you can’t imagine,” Anne said.

“If that grosses you out, you should see us make out. Now that’s fucking awesome. Two hot men in a steamy make out session stroking each other’s rock hard cocks.”

“I’m going to throw up,” Anne said.

“You’ve stroked my cock a time or two,” Roger said.

“That’s different, I’m your wife, and I’m a woman!”

Roger shook his head in disgust. “Either way, I don’t have an emotional attachment to those guys, they just come over at lunch and take it in the ass.”

“That’s why you can’t come visit me on your lunch hour? You’re too busy ass fucking prostitutes?”

“Yeah, pretty much.”

“Is that why we can’t afford to go on vacations? You spend all our money, the money I bring home, on men? Did you even buy that bow you said you were going to buy?”

Guilty, Roger replied, “No, I spent it on three guys and a massage.”

“You bastard!” Anne said. “I hate you!” and began to cry.

“I love you Anne, I may fuck other men, but you are the only woman for me.”

“What good is loving me if you can’t have sex with me? I might as well be your grandma, you don’t fuck her either, or do you? Oh, I forgot, you like the dudes.”

“It’s just sex, I love you!” Roger barked back.

Anne shook her head, kept her arms crossed and looked out the passenger side window as they drove home. Then she noticed the car slowing down and pulling over. “What are you doing?” she asked.

“It’s Dan, I want to see if he can come over for lunch tomorrow,” Roger replied.

“Lunch? Is that a code word?”

“Pretty much,” Roger replied.

“Is Dan a hooker?”

“Yeah, now be quiet for a minute.”

Roger stopped the car and waved Dan over to the window.

Dan approached and leaned into the driver’s window. “What’s up?” Dan asked.

“Hey, you free for lunch tomorrow?” Roger asked.

“Who’s the lady?” Dan asked.

“My wife.”

“You letting her in on your little secret?”

“Yeah, she figured it out.”

“She cool with it?”

Anne reached into the glove box and pulled out the loaded pistol she knew Roger kept there. She aimed it at Dan and shot him in the face scaring the shit out of Roger who didn’t see it coming.

“What the fuck?” Roger yelled and grabbed for the gun. Anne held it close and pointed it at Rogers face. “You think you’re going to hook up with me in the car? It’s bad enough you put on a fag fuck fest for the whole town back there, but you’re not hooking up with your boy toys while I’m in the car.”

“Hold on, I don't think this was going to be such a big deal,” Roger said wiping Dan’s brains off his face.

Anne pushed the gun into Roger’s crotch and shoved hard. “I should shoot your pecker off right now,” she said gritting her teeth. “What do you think about that gay boy?”

“Calm down Anne,” Roger said, “You just killed a man, don’t make this worse.”

“How much worse can it get?”

“A lot worse.”

“Tell me Roger, how much worse?”

“You’re just fucking with me now, stop this and put the gun back in the glove box.”

“I’ve gone too far Roger, there’s no going back. I think you’re going to lose your dick, what do you think about that?” Before Roger could answer, she pulled the trigger and shot him in the cock. He lunged forward in shock and pain while she reeled back and aimed the gun at his head. “How was that?” she asked.

Roger looked at his hand and saw it was covered in blood. It hurt, but the shock kept much of the pain at bay, for now. He reached over and grabbed Anne by the neck and tried to choke her but before he could she put a bullet in his eye and killed him. Looking down at Roger, she shrugged her shoulders and put the gun back in the glove box. She knew it would only be a while before the cops showed up so she got out of the car and decided to take a walk. Sure she’d be cited for leaving the scene of a crime, but what the fuck, she had just shot two guys in less than five minutes and there wasn’t much she could do now. She was pretty much fucked and looking a prison time or lethal injection.

For the next few minutes, she was going to enjoy the last freedom she had and breathe fresh air, the kind you don’t find in a prison cell. At least she got what she wanted, and that was what was most important. Now if she could only contact her daughters.





 6


LeRoy





“Paul! Where’s the girl?” Momma yelled from the living room.

Paul was busy scrambling around the house looking for her before his mother realized she was gone, now he was fucked. “I don’t know, I can’t find her,” he yelled back from the laundry room.

“What?” get your ass in here right now!” She shouted.

Paul ran into the living room huffing and puffing, “Sorry Momma, she got loose somehow.”

“You fucking idiot, you had one job to do and you botched it. How long has she been gone?” Momma asked.

“About an hour, maybe two,” Paul replied.

Momma shook her head in disgust and bit her lip thinking of what to do now. “We got to get out of here, before the police show up.”

“Yes Momma, I think you’re right.”

“Of course I’m right, get the car loaded and take care of that guy in the basement.”

“What do you want me to do with him?” Paul asked.

“Kill him,” Momma replied.

“Oh no Momma, I can’t kill him that would be wrong.”

“You kidnapped him that was wrong, just finish the job!”

“No, I won’t,” Paul replied.

Momma stomped her feet and made a fist, acting like a child. “Fine, go load up the car, I’ll be out there in fifteen minutes!”

“What are you going to do with him?” Paul asked.

“I guess we’re taking him with us,” Momma replied in disgust.





A half an hour later the car was heading down the highway with Momma in the passenger seat, Paul driving and Judd tied up in the back seat. Then they came up to a construction site and a detour. “Fuck, I hate these things!” Paul said leaning back in his seat. “They take fucking forever.”

“Whatever you do, don’t make a scene, we can’t let anyone know that guy is in the back,” Momma said.

They pulled up behind a long line of stopped cars and Paul put the vehicle in park. It was going to be a while before they could get moving again, then they heard a siren. “What the hell?” Paul said, “I wonder what that’s all about?”

Then a state patrol car pulled up alongside Paul and parked with the lights still on. An officer got out of the car and approached Paul’s door. He rolled down the window and said, “What’s wrong officer?”

“Step out of the car, now,” the officer said firmly.

“Paul was freaked out, but got out of the car like the officer asked.

“Turn around and put your hands on the car,” the officer stated. Paul complied.

“What’s wrong officer?” Paul asked.

Once the cuffs were on, the officer pulled Paul to the back of the car where a man was crushed into the trunk hanging dead like a ragdoll. “Holy shit! It’s LeRoy!”

“Who’s LeRoy?” the officer asked.

“He’s our hired hand, how the fuck did he get smashed into the trunk?” Paul asked. Then it came to him. “Holy shit,” he said. “That’s what that bump was.”

“What bump?” the officer asked.

“When I backed the car into the garage I felt a bump, I thought I ran over a cat or something.” Paul said.

“You admit you did this?” the officer asked.

“Yeah, but it was an accident, I didn’t know he was in the garage.”

“He didn’t call for help or anything?”

“He might of, I had the radio on sort of loud.”

“Do you know how much force it would take to crush a man into a trunk like that?” the officer asked.

“No, do you?” Paul replied.

Then Momma called out from inside the car, “What’s going on?” she asked.

“It’s LeRoy Momma, I killed him on accident, he’s stuck in the trunk,” Paul yelled.

Momma got out of the car and walked to the rear where she saw LeRoy’s smashed and bloody body hanging from the indentation he made when crushed against the garage wall. “Oh Paul, now look what you’ve done,” Momma said.

“I’m sorry Momma, I didn’t see him.”

“Obviously,” Momma replied.

The officer interrupted and said, “There is a blood trail thirty miles long all along the highway. We have to call in a hazmat crew to clean this up.”

“Do you want me to help clean it up?” Paul asked.

“No, you’re under arrest for homicide,” the officer replied.

“Homicide? It was an accident, it was like running over a dog. I didn’t know he was in the garage, he was probably taking a nap on the workbench or something.”

“That’s for the judge to decide, now do you have anything on your body that might poke me?” The officer asked.

“I got a pocket knife and a pair of fingernail clippers,” Paul replied. “Do you need your nails clipped?”

“I’m going to read you your rights,” the officer stated. “You have the right to remain silent, you have the right to an attorney, anything you say can and will be used in a court of law, if you are unable to afford an attorney one will be appointed for you, do you understand these rights as I have read them to you?” the officer asked.

“I wasn’t silent in the first place so how can I remain silent?” Paul asked.

“From this point onward,” the officer replied.

“But what about what I said before you read me my rights?”

“You’re pretty much fucked, you volunteered that information,” the officer replied.

Momma stepped over the puddle of blood on the asphalt and approached Paul. “Don’t worry Paul, Momma will get you a lawyer.”

“But Momma, it was an accident, I didn’t mean to kill LeRoy.”

“I know, it will be alright.”

The officer led Paul to the patrol car and put him in the back. The officer then walked back over to the car to ask more questions. “Ma’am, is this your car?” he asked.

“Yes, it belongs to me, why?”

“I need to see your license and registration.”

“Tell you what, what if I give you a blow job right here and we forget about the whole thing?” Momma asked.

“Sorry Ma’am, I’m no longer able to take sexual favors in exchange for letting people go.”

“I got twenty dollars,” she stated.

“I don’t take bribes under a hundred bucks,” the officer replied.

“Then what can I do to make you look the other way? I need to get going.”

“You don’t have another eighty dollars?” the officer asked.

“No, are you sure you won’t take a blow job? It’s worth eighty dollars.”

“They have us on video, if they saw that, I’d get my ass in trouble,” the officer replied.

“But won’t you get in trouble if they see you take cash from me?”

“Never happened before.”

“What if I show you my tits?”

“Sorry, won’t work.”

“Then what are you going to do with me?” Momma asked.

“Since you weren’t driving, we’ll impound the car for evidence. You’ll have to arrange for someone to come pick you up.”

Momma had no fucking clue how she was going to explain Judd in the back seat. She needed a plan to keep the car from being impounded. Or at least how to explain Judd.

Then the officer took a look in the backseat and saw a man lying there tied up. “Excuse me, what’s going on here?” he asked.

Oh, that’s Burt, he’s my retarded son, we have to tie him up or he’ll try to eat his hair.”

“That sucks, hate to be you, how old is he?” the officer asked.

“Twenty four, been like that since he ate some charcoal briquettes at camp back when he was six years old. They had lighter fluid on them, fucked up his brain pretty bad.”

“Yeah, ok, well, I got a tow truck coming to take the car, you’ll need to get him out soon. Do you have a phone to call for a ride?” the officer asked.

“I’m ninety miles from home, I don’t have anyone I can call.”

“Not sure what to tell you then, just make sure you stay off the road and on the shoulder, the traffic around here is nuts.”

“You’re going to leave us stranded out here on the highway in the middle of nowhere?” Momma asked.

“I don’t drive a taxi Ma’am, you need to arrange for your own ride.” With that said, the officer closed his notebook and got back in his car leaving Momma and Judd by themselves to wait for the tow truck.





Once the tow truck arrived, the driver got out and looked at LeRoy's smashed body hanging off the trunk. “How am I supposed to hook this up?” the driver asked. “I’ll get guts all over my chain.”

“Shouldn't there be a crime scene investigator here before you take the car away?” Momma asked.

“Fuck I don’t know,” the driver said. “I just haul them where they tell me too.”

“Can you give me a ride?” Momma asked.

“Like what kind of ride?”

“How many kinds of rides are there?”

“Like ride my cock?” the driver asked with a grin.

“No, a ride to a gas station, or someplace where I can get a car.”

“My service station rents cars, forty bucks a day, unlimited mileage,” the driver said.

“I only have twenty on me.”

“We have an ATM machine.”

“I left my purse at home, I don’t have my cards.”

“Sorry, can’t help you then, if you want to ride with me, it’ll cost you a hand job.”

“Hand job?” Momma asked.

“Yeah, usually I do it to myself while I’m driving, but you can do it for me. Its ten miles to my shop, usually charge sixty bucks for a tow, you get it for a hand job.”

“What does your boss think about this? Aren’t you losing money?” Momma asked.

“I’d spend the money on a hand job anyway so it breaks even. Takes out the middleman.

“What makes you think I want to put my hand on your gross little pecker?” Momma asked.

Taken aback, the tow truck driver got pissed and replied, “Fuck you, you old bitch! Walk for all I care.”

“Now hold on, I think we can come to an agreement, I just don’t like getting my hand dirty, is there anything else I can do to barter a ride from you?”

“Have you ever peed on anyone before?” the tow truck driver asked.

“Yes, many times.”

“You pee on me and it’s a deal.”

“When and where?” Momma asked.

“How about now, over in that ditch,” the driver replied.

“Sounds good, let’s go,” Momma said and the two walked over to the ditch. Once off the shoulder of the highway, and in full view of the traffic backed up for the detour, the driver laid on the ground waiting for Momma to piss on him. Momma pulled down her pants and panties and squatted so she could get a good aim. “Where do you want it?” she asked.

“On my face,” he replied.

Momma used her fingers and spread her pussy lips wide and shot hot yellow piss all over the drivers face. He made moaning sounds as she rocked back and forth spraying him from chin to forehead. Once done, Momma stood up, pulled up her pants and snapped them. She looked to the line of cars and waved to all the people who got the free show. From the line of cars she heard a man yell, asking how much it cost to get that done.





 7


Sauerkraut





Back at the gas station, the driver let the car down off the hook and met Momma at the back.

“Body didn’t fall off,” she said.

“Yep, stuck on pretty good,” the driver said.

“Who do I see about getting a rental?”

“Go in the business office, Bernice is there.

Momma walked to the front door and looked at the sign above, it read, “Vamp auto service and repair” in big red letters. “Interesting,” she said under her breath and walked inside. At the counter stood a hunched over woman, old but not that old, with wrinkled skin and bright red lipstick.

“What can I do for you honey?” Bernice asked.

“I need a rental while my car is being fixed, and I need a body removed from my trunk. I mean the outside of the trunk, not inside.”

“I know, Jeb called and told me all about it, the funeral home will be here soon to pry that dead fucker off your car.”

“Good, I do have one problem though, I left my purse at home and don’t have any cash.”

“That is a problem,” Bernice said tapping her fingers on the counter. “Rental is forty a day, mileage included, any way you can come up with that?”

“I’m an hour from home, do you have a First National Bank in town?”

“Yes, but it’s past five, they’re closed.”

“I can’t afford a hotel until they open tomorrow, I’m fucked!”

“What about him?” Bernice asked.

“Who?”

“That guy coming through the door.”

Momma turned around and saw Judd walking through the door, the driver had untied him and instead of running away, he came into the office. “You got any cash?” Momma asked.

Surprised, Judd replied, “I got about twelve dollars, why?”

“Fuck, I need money for a rental car.”

Bernice chimed in, you’ll need more than forty, the car only has a little gas in it, and you have to put some in.”

“Now what?” Momma asked out loud.

“Maybe I could let you sleep in the back till morning when the bank opens,” Bernice said. “You two would have to sleep on the floor, but you would have a roof over your head.”

Momma thought for a second, “Do you have a shower?”

“There’s a hose in the shop, you can wash off with that.”

“What about my hair?”

“You can go to the bank, get some cash and go to the salon for all I care, do you want to sleep in the back or not?”

“What do you think?” Momma asked Judd.

“For someone who had me tied up, I think you’re asking the wrong person, I came in here to fuck you up.”

“What?”

Judd lunged forward and grabbed Momma by her long grey hair and slammed her head down on the counter. “That’s for you tying me up!” he said in rhythm as he pounded her up and down, blood splattered on the counter and onto Judd’s shirt.

“Now hold up there mister,” Bernice said. “You’re making a mess.”

Judd looked to the old lady at the counter. He saw she had blood in her white hair. “Oh, sorry,” he said. “Do you have a washrag?” he asked looking around with Momma’s head still in his grasp.

“I think she’s dead,” Bernice said.

Judd let go and Momma slid off the counter onto a heap on the floor. Her eyes were closed, covered in blood, but she didn’t look dead. “No, she’s still breathing.”

Bernice stumbled around the counter and got down on her knees examining Momma. “Yeah, she’s still alive.” Then she bent over and started licking the blood off Momma’s face.

“What are you doing?” Judd asked in disgust.

Bernice paused and looked up at Judd who was hovering above. “I don’t want this to go to waste,” she replied.

“What are you? Some sort of vampire?”

“Did you read the sign above the door?”

Judd had to stop for a moment and think, “Yeah, it said, “Vamps”, Holy shit, you’re a vampire?”

“Not just me, all of us here, it’s a family owned shop.” she replied.

“That is really messed up, what about the rest of the town?”

“No, just us, we moved here back in the forties, most of the town are Polish.”

“You can’t be Polish and a vampire at the same time?”

“Never thought about it, most of us are north European. Lots of Danes in our past, that’s why we are mostly blonde. I’m grey now, but I used to have nice blonde hair. Do you mind if I finish before she wakes up?”

“No, go ahead,” Judd said, do you have a cell phone charger? I need to make a call but my battery is dead.”

“Under the counter there is a cell phone cord, not sure it will fit your phone.”

Judd walked around the counter, keeping out of the blood on the floor she was now lapping up and found the cord. He plugged in his phone and it beeped. “Good, I’ll let this charge for an hour, is there a place in town to eat?” he asked.

“There’s a Polish pizza place two blocks west, and next to that is a gas station,” Bernice replied.

Judd left the building and headed down the street to the pizza place leaving the mess behind. As he left, he saw the funeral guys prying the dead body off the back of the car in chunks. They had to put the parts into a bag instead of placing it on a gurney like they wanted.





Ten minutes later, Judd was at the Polish pizza place sitting at a nice table looking at a menu. What he saw looked like horse shit on a pizza crust. Ozór wołowy, Sztuka mięsa w sosie chrzanowym, Golonka w piwie, what the fuck is this? He thought in his inner monologue. How can they put this on a crust? Most of it looked like pig knuckles or beef tongue. Then a waitress approached the table.

“Can I take your order?” she asked. She was cute in a Polish style short dress and high socks.

“I think the word you are looking for is “May” not “Can” you can do anything you want, but I may not let you,” he said with a flirty grin.

The girl looked annoyed and put her pen to her order pad. “May I take your order?” she asked.

“Do you have anything that doesn’t look like it came out of the ass of a dead zebra?” Judd asked.

“Yes, if you like, I can get you just about anything you want, our cook is very good,” she replied.

“Good, what can I get for twelve dollars, and that includes the tip?”

“Oh, probably some grilled cheese, or maybe some chicken noodle soup.”

“That’s it? What if I give you your tip in the back room with my dick?”

“Let’s see it first,” she asked.

Judd unzipped his pants and showed the girl his little pecker.

“No thanks, I have sausage in the back twice as big as that, this is a Polish restaurant.”

Frustrated, Judd said, “Grilled cheese, can I get the soup too? Will that bust my budget?”

“Yeah, I can do both, that won’t leave much for a tip.”

“What if I man the sausage for you? I can do that, that way your hands will be free to do whatever.”

“Like what? Knit socks?” she asked sardonically.

“I don’t know, I’m just saying, it would be like you were getting nailed by a real man.”

“You’re not a real man?”

“You’re the one who didn’t like my pecker, now is it a deal or not?”

“I’ll have to ask my boyfriend first.”

“Yeah, like he’d agree,” Judd said in disgust.

“No, he’s the owner, he’s pretty gross, he might say yes, but if I don’t ask, he’ll cut me up and make soup out of me.”

“No, forget it, just give me the grilled cheese.”

“Now you got me going hot, you can’t turn me down now!” she said flashing Judd with an up skirt thong shot.

Judd had to do a double take it went by so fast. “Wait a second, I wasn’t ready, can you do that again?”

The waitress this time slowly pulled up her skirt, in front of all the customers and pushed her crotch into Judd’s face letting her skirt cover his head. She then began to grind in a rhythm to the polka music playing over the restaurant speakers and moan. After a few seconds, she pulled back and asked, “How was that?”

“Why does it smell like sauerkraut?” Judd asked.

Pissed, the young woman picked up a menu from the table and began to whack Judd across the face repeatedly. The crowd got involved and began to cheer for the girl as Judd took a brutal beating. The more the crowd got into it, the harder the girl hit Judd until he was ducking under the table, then the owner walked over.

“What the fuck is going on here?” he shouted. He was a huge fat man, wearing all white and covered in food stains.

“This guy said my pussy smelled like sauerkraut!”

“It does,” the owner said. “I use it to keep my cock moist, we fucked an hour ago, I bet it wreaks of sauerkraut, and why does this guy know this? What are you doing?”

“He offered to tip me with his sausage,” she replied.

“So?” the owner replied

“Well, I don’t know, he reached over and grabbed me and tried to eat me out, he tried to rape me!”

“Is that right?” the owner asked the crowd watching the show.

A resounding yes was yelled and the owner got pissed. He stormed off to the kitchen and returned with a huge butcher cleaver in his hand. “I’ll kill that fucker,” he said and kicked the table over exposing Judd underneath.

“She’s lying!” Judd yelled trying to save his ass. “She put her beaver in my face, I didn’t do anything.”

“That’s not what my customers are saying,” the owner said.

“They just want to see you cut me up with that knife, they want blood!”

The owner looked around the room and yelled, “Is there anyone here who can back up this man’s story!”

A small voice called out, “I can.”

The owner looked to a small child, or what looked like a small child in a booster seat, it may have been a dwarf, it had facial hair. “She did it, I saw the whole thing.”

“Did what?”

“Shoved his face in her pussy, she tried the same thing to me yesterday, you might want to keep her on a short leash.”

“Is this true?” the owner asked the waitress.

The waitress looked away and would not make eye contact with the owner, she crossed her arms, then her legs and avoided the question. “I think I smell something burning,” she said.

Hearing that, the owner ran back to the kitchen where he found smoke rolling out of the pizza oven, five pizzas were burnt beyond repair.

“Nice save,” Judd said.

The waitress raised her skirt again and pulled down her thong exposing her hairy Polish pussy. “Actually, I use sauerkraut to douche with,” she said with a grin and began to laugh. “Keeps my yeast infections in line.”





 8


Dog Kennel





Lisa walked along the side of the road taking small steps letting Toby keep up. From the looks of it, they were in some sort of sub division heading towards the business part of Lancaster. The sun was overhead and Lisa figured it was around noon, she was getting hungry and her stomach began to growl.

“I’m hungry,” Lisa said.

“Me too,” Toby replied.

“What do beavers eat?”

“Oh, I like leaves, the inside of bark and some twigs.”

“That sounds gross,” Lisa said. “I want a hamburger.”

“How are you going to get a hamburger? No shoes, no shirt, and no service they say.”

“I don’t know, maybe you could get one at a burger place and bring it out?” Lisa replied.

“I think you should spend that money on clothes, then you could get a job and buy all the food you want.”

“But I’m hungry now,” Lisa said.





Just then a car came down the street and slowed down, both Lisa and Toby took notice. The car stopped and the passenger window rolled down with a buzz. In the passenger seat was a large dark skinned man with black sunglasses and a lot of facial hair. He looked like he had been out in the sun way too much. “Hey” he said looking at Lisa’s tits. “How much?”

“How much for what?” Lisa replied.

“For sex baby,” the man replied.

“You think I’m a prostitute?” she asked.

“You’re walking around naked with a beaver, what else should I think?”

“I’m sorry, I’m not a prostitute.”

Just then Toby spoke up. “Hand job is twenty bucks.”

Lisa looked down at the beaver in shock. “Twenty?”

“How much for a blow job?” the man asked.

Toby replied, “fifty bucks.”

The stranger looked to the driver and they had a discussion. He turned back and asked, “How much for two, me and my friend here?”

Toby looked at Lisa and gave her the look that said she needed to say the right thing. She looked at the stranger and said, “Seventy five.”

“Deal,” the stranger said and motioned for her to get in the back seat. “Leave the beaver,” he added.

“No, he’s my security,” Lisa said. “He comes or no blow jobs.”

“Fine,” the man said and Toby got in the back seat and sat next to Lisa.

“Where are we going?” Lisa asked.

“Back to my place,” the man said.

“Can we do it in the car? I’d rather not go to your place.”

“Not enough room, plus I want to take a shower first,” the man said.

Lisa looked to Toby with scared disgust. She swallowed hard and shook her head.

“What’s wrong Missy,” the man said. “You walk around naked in the street, I would think this would be a breeze.”

“Well actually, I lost my clothes after being kidnapped, I’m not really a prostitute.”

“Kidnapped? That sucks, maybe we should take you to the cops, after the blow job that is.”

“I don’t think that will work, this isn’t my hometown, I’m lost.”

“Where are you from?”

“Sparksville,” she replied.

“Never heard of it, how big is Sparksville?”

“About sixty thousand,” Lisa replied.

“Hard to lose a town that big.”

Toby was feeling left out so he spoke up and asked, “May I ask what you gentlemen do for a living?”

“I work construction when I’m not high, and my friend here runs and illegal tattoo shop out of his mom’s basement,” the stranger replied. “What about you?”

“I’m a professional hand model, and my friend Lisa here is trying to get into the business herself.”

“Cool, my sister’s a model. She’s real skinny, like sick skinny, I think she does meth.”

“Are we getting close to your house?” Lisa asked.

“Yeah, two more blocks, hey, can I upgrade my blow job to a fuck?” the driver asked not looking back. “I’ll pay you ten extra.”

“I’m not on birth control,” Lisa replied. “And I don’t trust condoms.”

“Shit, I had a vasectomy last year, don’t need to condom,” the driver replied.

“Still, I’d rather not,” Lisa said.

“Maybe she could take it in the butt for an extra ten?” Toby asked.

Lisa heard Toby and elbowed him in the nuts. “I don’t take it in the ass for nobody, not for any amount.”

The driver slowed down and pulled up to the curb of a very run down shit hole house with an unmowed lawn and crap piled on the porch. Sitting on a couch on the grass sat a large dog. “Here we are,” the driver said to Lisa’s horror.

“This is your place?” she asked in shock.

“No, it’s a friend’s house.”

“It looks like a druggie house,” she said.

“You won’t be here but an hour, don’t worry your little head off,” the passenger said getting out of the car.

Lisa hesitated, but got out of the car followed by Toby. She walked over the lawn to the sidewalk and stopped while the driver got out to lead the way. Once to the porch, she noticed that there were dog food cans all over and the house smelled like old shit.

“What’s wrong girl?” the driver asked.

“This place smells like a dog kennel,” she replied.

‘“I got dogs,” he said.

“I can tell, don’t you ever clean this place?”

“You don’t like dogs?” he asked.

“No, I like dogs fine, but this place is a mess, there’s old food cans everywhere, trash, dog shit.”

“Get inside bitch,” the passenger said stepping up on the porch, he opened the screen door and motioned for Lisa to enter. She stepped inside and the warm moist overwhelming stench of rot almost knocked her off her feet. Flies buzzed around her head and landed on her skin. She dodged clothes piled on the floor next to food wrappers and dirty dishes. “Bedroom is on the right,”

Lisa hesitated for a moment then heard the voice of an old woman coming from the far end of the room. She didn’t make out what the voice said at first and wondered if it was more than grunting sounds. “What did you say?” she asked.

“Who are you?” the old woman asked.

The driver spoke up, “Don’t worry momma, she won’t be here long.”

“Is this another one of your girlfriends?” the woman asked.

“No momma, she’s a girl we picked up, she needs some stuff so we brought her here.”

“What sort of stuff does she need?” the old woman asked peering over her glasses. She was dressed sort of like a gypsy with a bandana and long hoop earrings.

“Don’t worry momma, I got this covered.”

Lisa stepped around the piles of crap on the floor and walked over to the woman who was working Tarot cards on the cleanest part of the room. Her table top. “What are you doing?” Lisa asked.

“I’m reading the cards,” the old woman replied.

“What do they say?”

“They warn of great danger.”

“Danger for who?”

“For you my darling,” the old woman replied.

Just then Toby stepped up and crawled onto the table. “Hey, I have a bad feeling about this,” he said. “I think we better get out of here.”

“But we need the money,” Lisa replied.

“Yeah, but these guys are dangerous, and this looks like a crack house on steroids.”

“Do you have a better idea on how we can make some money?” Lisa asked.

The old woman chimed in, “Money? Sonny said you were here to get some stuff, he didn’t say anything about money.”

“Get your ass in that bedroom!” the driver said yelling at Lisa.

“What’s going on Sonny? What are you doing to this poor girl?”

“Poor girl my ass, she’s a prostitute, she’s going to suck my dick for money,” the driver yelled.

“Nobody’s using my house to bring prostitutes!” the old woman yelled.

“I’m not a prostitute, I just need some money to get food and clothes, till I get back on my feet.” Lisa replied.

There was a long silence as the old woman thought about what she had heard.

“How much do you need?” the old woman asked

“A hundred would get my by for now,” Lisa replied.

The old woman reached into her purse and fished out some cash, she counted out a hundred dollars and handed it to Lisa. “There you go honey.”

Lisa took the money and folded it in her hand. “Thank you,” she said.

“What about them?” Toby asked looking at the two men who were expecting to get their balls drained by Lisa.

“If my boys need female attention, they can go home to their wives, they have no business picking up innocent young girls. They have families at home.

“These are your boys?” Toby asked. “Maybe they could pick up a broom and help clean your house.”

“Fuck you rat,” the driver said low and slow.

“This is your momma, you need to show some respect, get a mop and a bucket, clean the dog shit, get the flies out of here.”

“Don’t worry Mr. Beaver,” the old woman said. “I can take care of myself.”

“It’s obvious from the flies that you can’t, maybe adult protective services need to be called,” Toby said.

The driver stepped over and stood over Toby. The driver was still three feet taller than the beaver who was standing on the table. “You call anyone and you’ll be a dead rat, I’ll feed you to the dogs.”

Toby looked up at the man towering above him. “Fuck you,” Toby said defiantly.

The driver got a shit eating grin on his face and reached down to grab Toby, only to get a bite on his hand.”

“Ouch!” the driver yelled pulling back his hand. “You mother fucking rat!” he yelled and smacked Toby off the table with the back of his other hand. Toby landed on a pile of magazines and rolled onto the floor. “Where’s my gun?” the driver said feeling around his belt.

“It’s in the car,” the passenger said who was pointing his gun at Toby ready to shoot.

“Shoot the fucker,” the driver said.

“Give me a minute.”

“What are you waiting for?”

“I’ve never met a talking beaver before, I think it would be a mistake to kill it.”

“Kill it and stuff it! Keep it on your TV stand! The fucker bit me!”

“And you hit it, I think that’s fair. And he has a point, this place is a shit hole, maybe you should clean it up.”

“Me? She’s your mother too?”

“Yeah, but these were your dogs, not mine or hers. You need to clean up the dog shit and take care of the trash they made.”

“I’m out of here!” the driver said storming out the front door.

“He’s a hot head mother fucker, don’t worry about him,” the passenger said.

“What if he’s going to the car to get his gun?” Lisa asked.

“Shit, I didn’t think about that, rat, you better hide your ass now,” the passenger said. “If he comes back with a gun, nobody’s gonna stop him.”





 9


Hair Brush





Anne walked down the street leaving her husband and a dead male prostitute behind her.

She knew it would only be a matter of time before the police came and picked her up but fuck it, she didn’t care. She could even swear she heard police sirens in the distance. Then a man approached and stopped her.

“Hey lady, what are you doing? I just saw you shoot Rodney.”

“Rodney? You mean the guy my husband was trying to pick up?”

“Who is your husband?” the man asked.

“Roger Marie,” Anne replied.

“His last name is Marie? What kind of name is that?”

“What’s your name?” Anne asked.

“They call me Pool Cue,” Pool Cue replied.

“Why do they call you that?”

“Because I’m tall and long,” Pool Cue replied.

“That’s nice, I got to get going before the police get here.”

“If you need a place to hide, I can help you out.”

“Why would you do that?” Anne asked.

“Seems like the proper thing to do for a lady.”

“No thanks, I don’t know you, I’ll take my chances out here.”

“Ever been to women’s prison?” Pool Cue asked.

“No, not really, you?”

“Yes, I used to work in a women's correctional facility. I was in the maintenance department. The things I saw would make your skin crawl. You wouldn’t believe how cruel bitches can be.”

“Oh, I can imagine,” Anne said.

“Let me tell you a story.”

“I don’t have time for a story.”

“You in a rush?”

Anne stood there and thought for a moment, what the hell, she had no place to go and the cops would be here soon. “Go ahead,” she said.

“Ok, well, this happened one day and I shit you not this is the truth. I was in the commons area when these three bitches decided to take on another bitch who they claimed ratted them out for selling contraband. They waited till she was alone, grabbed her and took her in the corner where they stripped her down and raped her with a hairbrush. It’s was disgusting because I had to wear a hazmat suit to clean up all the blood.”

“Hairbrush?” Anne asked. “How did they manage to sneak a hairbrush into the commons?”

“Fuck I don’t know, those bitches are crazy, anyway, after that happened, a bunch of other bitches wanted to get revenge for those bitches raping that bitch with a hairbrush. So those bitches waited till it was shower time and snuck in a razor shank and cut up those other bitches so bad they had to be taken to the hospital. Luckily, most of the blood ended up in the shower so it didn’t take long to clean that up. But I still had to wear my hazmat suit.”

“Why don’t you work at the prison now?” Anne asked.

“They caught me sneaking in shanks and hairbrushes to the bitches,” Pool Cue replied.

“Really, and all they did was fire you?”

“No, I got two years in prison, been out for three years now.”

“Well, thanks for the fun story but I better get going,” Anne said stepping aside.

“No, you need to hide, you don’t want to go to jail, and not the one in this district, the chief of police is a real asshole, especially to women.”

“What’s the worst they can do? I shot my husband and a male prostitute, whatever they do I probably deserve.”

Just then a police car spun around the corner with lights and sirens blazing. They sped past Anne and Pool Cue and slid to a halt at her car where the two dead men lay in their own blood. A few seconds later two more police cars came around the corner and came to a stop blocking off the end of the street.

“Now you’re fucked,” Pool Cue said. “That blood on your shirt’s going to give you away.”

Anne stood awaiting her fate as two officers ran down the sidewalk towards her guns drawn. They stopped twenty feet from her and yelled, “Down on the ground!”

Anne and Pool Cue both got down on the ground lying face down on the concrete. The police came up and placed their knees on their backs and cuffed them both.

“He didn’t do anything!” Anne yelled, “I’m the one you want.”

The officers didn’t reply, they just pulled them up off the ground and stuffed them both in different police cars.





Twenty minutes later Anne was stripped and put in a line up. None of the rest of the women were nude, but she decided not to rock the boat. After a few minutes of staring at the one way glass, she was taken to get her mug shots and fingerprinted. She was then taken into an interrogation room and left alone.

A few minutes later a male and female officer entered the room and sat down across the table from Anne who was now wearing an orange jail jumpsuit. The officers both placed notepads on the table and took out pens.

“Hello” the female officer said. “My name is Sergeant Rosebud and this is officer Paint. Before we start, I’m going to read you your rights again. You have the right to remain silent, anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law, you have the right to an attorney, if you can’t afford an attorney, and one will be provided for you. Do you understand these rights?”

“Yes,” Anne replied.

“Tell us what happened to your husband,” Rosebud said.

“I shot the fucker,” Anne said.

“Ok, and the other male found outside the car?”

“Shot him too,” Anne said.

“I think we’re done, thanks,” Rosebud said, follow me.”

Anne got up and followed the two officers out the door and down a long hall to the jail section. Rosebud pressed a button and they were buzzed past a huge metal sliding gate. Anne was walked down to a cell and put inside along with another inmate.

“Can’t I get my own cell? Most of these are empty?” Anne asked.

“This isn’t a hotel,” Rosebud said, then she walked away leaving Anne with her new cellmate. “The chief will be down in a minute,” she added as she faded down the long hall.

Anne’s new cellmate, a thin, pale woman with droopy eyes and long stringy hair spoke up, “What are you in for?”

“I killed my husband and his queer prostitute,” Anne replied.

“Oh, cool,” the woman replied.

“What’s your name?” Anne asked.

“Candye Kane,” Candye replied.

“What are you in for?”

“They say I ate my baby,” Candye replied.

“Holy shit! Did you?”

“I don’t think so, maybe.”

“You are seriously fucked up, and they put me in a cell with you?” Anne asked.

“I didn’t pick your cell, talk to the warden.”

“I will, get the fuck away from me you creepy ass bitch,” Anne said moving to the far wall.

“I’m pretty sure I didn’t eat my baby, I can still hear her crying, and you hear that?”

Anne stood quiet and listened. “No, I don’t hear a baby.”

“Listen close, she’s inside me.”

Anne freaked in horror, “Oh my fucking God! You did eat your baby!”

“She’s back inside me, I’m going to have another baby, and she’ll be reborn again.”

“I need to get the fuck out of here,” Anne said. “You’re a delusional cannibal.”

Candye Kane stood up and walked over to Anne who moved away with every approaching step. “You want to feel my baby?” Candye asked rubbing her belly. “I can feel her kick.”

Anne put up her hands in a defensive position and blocked Candye from getting too close. “Sit back down, you hear me? You fucking freak, sit your ass back down now!”

Candye looked at Anne like she was crazy. “You’re a woman, just like me, don’t you want to feel my baby?”

“Guard!” Anne yelled. “Get me out of here!”

The room was silent as Candye Kane stood before Anne stroking her flat belly. They looked at each other waiting for the other to speak first. Then Candye sat back down and looked to the ceiling and shut her eyes. “I think she’s coming, I feel a contraction.”

“No fucking way,” Anne said. “You’re not pregnant, you ate your kid.”

“No, I feel the pressure, I think my water is breaking.”

Anne looked and saw piss running off the seat Candye was sitting on. It was yellow and smelled like pee. “You’re pissing all over the floor,” Anne said. “Stop it!”

“I think she’ll be here soon, maybe an hour, or less.”

Anne sat on what was her bed, a cold steel bench across from Candye. She saw a shadow coming down the hall that foreshadowed the warden that stopped at her cell.

“What the fuck is that on the floor?” the warden asked pissed. “Is she pissing herself?”

“She thinks she’s having a baby,” Anne replied. “She says it’s her water breaking.”

“Stupid cunt, ate her baby and now this, we need a psych down here.”

“No shit, get me the fuck out away from her before she decides to eat me!”

The chief of police signaled for the cell door to be open and he stepped inside.

“You know she calls you the “Warden?” Anne asked.

“No, I’ve never actually met her, she came in last night at two a.m.” the chief replied.

“What are you going to do with her? I can’t stay in this cell with a nut who eats her own kid and pisses all over the floor.”

“I can get you a mop,” the chief said.

“A mop? Excuse me?” Anne asked. “I saw a half dozen empty cells on my way here, you can put me in one of those.”

“Sorry, unless a prisoner is deemed dangerous, policy is to double occupy all cells.”

Anne stood up and approached the chief. She pointed at the crazy woman lying in her own pee and said, “She ate her own baby!”

“Yeah, but you’re a bit big for her to eat so I’m not too worried.”

“I’m not worried she’ll eat me! I’m worried she’ll try!” Anne yelled.

“Tell you what, I’ll post a guard outside your door for an hour, if anything happens, she’ll jump in and help, if not, you’re on your own,” the chief said stepping out of the cell. “I’ll get a maintenance guy to bring you a mop and bucket to clean up the urine.”

“That’s another thing, her piss is a safety issue, and it’s probably full of diseases. You can’t leave me here with an infected psycho.”

“You’re making assumptions here miss, nobody knows if her pee is infected or not. Now I have important chief things I need to attend to, you’ll be fine. Calm down,” the chief said and he left the cell.

Anne looked back at Candye as the cell door shut behind her with a clink and a slam. “If you come near me I’m going to fuck you up,” she said.

“I don’t really appreciate you telling the warden I’m some disease ridden freak. You don’t know me,” Candye said.

“I know enough, when that mop gets here, you’re cleaning up your own piss mess, and get the fuck up, you know you you’re not having a baby. You’re making this shit up.”

“No, I had my baby already, didn’t you see her?”

“You didn’t have a baby, I was talking to the warden for less than five minutes and you still have your pants on.”

Candye reached behind her and pulled out what looked like a skin colored rubber hose about two feet long with dark blue veins running the length of it. She tossed it on the ground at Anne’s feet, and to her horror realized it was an umbilical cord severed with Candye’s teeth.





 10


Sam





Judd finished his supper, it was two grilled cheese sandwiches and a glass of unsweetened tea. He paid his bill and walked back to Vamp’s to see about getting the car to go home. When he got there a police car was parked at the front door so he panicked, he knew he had just beat the shit out of Momma less than an hour ago and now he might be going to jail. But then she was his captor so maybe they’d have empathy for him, or maybe the cops were there to get gas and some diet Coke, who knows, they did sell gas.

“Excuse me,” Judd heard and turned around to see a woman standing behind him. He thought he recognized her from the Polish pizza place. She was about thirty, medium length brown hair and dressed in a tight fitting wrestling unitard and cowgirl boots.

“Yeah, what can I do for you?” Judd asked.

“I saw what you did back there in the restaurant, I wanted to know if you might want to get a drink or something?” she asked.

“Are you asking me for a date?” Judd asked.

“Yeah, but it’s no big deal, I can see you’re busy.”

“No, no, I’m never that busy, what’s your name?” Judd asked.

“Sam, Sam Danger,” Danger replied.

“Is that short for Samantha?”

“No, it’s short for Samurai.”

Judd looked hard to make sure this chick wasn’t a dude, but she had huge tits and hips that looked like they could birth an elephant. “Ok Sam, what do you have in mind?”

“I thought maybe you could come back to my place and we could wrestle.”

“I was wondering about that outfit you were wearing, you don’t see many girls wearing those.”

“I’m not a girl, I’m a woman, I have pubic hair,” Sam replied. “You want to see it?”

“Yes, actually I would,” Judd replied.

“After we wrestle, I’ll show it to you,” Sam said.

Intrigued, Judd walked towards Sam, she reached out and took his hand as if they had been dating for a week. It surprised Judd but he went with it. “Did you walk here?” Judd asked.

“Walking is good for you,” she replied.

“Yes, how far is it to your place?”

“About six miles, I live out in the country.”

“Six miles, I haven’t walked six miles since never, can we call and get a ride?”

“What? You don’t want to go out with me now?” Sam asked pissed.

“I’m not saying that, I just don’t want to walk six miles, and that’s six miles back later on.”

“You want me to call you a cab you big fucking baby,” Sam snapped.

“Wow, we just met and already you're a cunt.”

“Cunt? Nobody calls me a cunt, not even my daddy!” she said and punched Judd in the gut.

“Holy fuck you stupid bitch! Get the hell away from me!” Judd yelled holding his arms across his midsection in pain.

Sam walked over and touched Judd on the shoulder, “I’m sorry, I’m not usually like that.”

“I’m going back to the gas station, I don’t think our date is working out,” Judd said.

“Why? Is there another woman?” Sam asked.

Judd thought for a second. “Yes, I’m dating someone right now, she’s a lot less violent.”

“You think your girlfriend is better than me?” Sam snapped back.

“Yes, I’m pretty sure she is.”

“I bet you think she’s better in bed too!”

“Yep, she keeps my balls pretty dry, wouldn’t give that up for the world.”

Ready to explode in a rage of jealousy, Sam began pulling off her unitard. She exposed her huge breasts and then her wide birthing hips. Judd was actually turned on.

“What are you doing?” Judd asked.

“I’m going to show you what it really means to have your balls drained,” she replied and kicked off the rest of her clothes in the street. She stepped over to Judd and grabbed him, placed one of his hands on her ass, one on her left tit and put her tongue in his mouth and began to French him. Judd could feel his dick getting hard although this was a very awkward situation. Judd unclenched her lips long enough to ask, “What if people see us?”

Sam looked around and saw a couple sitting on the porch watching them. “I don’t think they mind,” she said. “Let’s get on the grass so I can show you what I got. If you think fucking is all there is to a relationship, I’ll show you fucking. “

“We don’t have a relationship, we just met,” Judd tried to explain. “He was having a hard time getting his point across because he really wanted to fuck this woman. But she seemed a bit crazy at the same time. It was like trying to screw and angry badger when you’re as honey as hell.

Sam dragged Judd off the street onto the grass terrace and shoved him on his back. She unsnapped his pants, pulled off his shoes and stripped him from the waist down. “Wow, you have a little dick,” Sam said flicking it with her finger. “My German shepherd has a bigger one.”

“Then go fuck your dog,” Judd said insulted.

“Don’t tell me who to fuck,” Sam snapped back.

“You mean what, not who, dogs aren’t people.”

“At least my dog doesn’t complain when I’m getting him off,” Sam replied.

“You fuck your dog?” Judd asked.

“Of course, and my two horses.”

“You must be bored out like a subway tunnel,” Judd said. Then he looked at Sam’s pussy and saw how it sagged down like an old used rag.

“I get lonely out in the country, not a lot of men around there. A woman has to do what a woman has to do, I get urges you know, and I’m human.”

“I bet you do,” Judd replied. “I really don’t think this is going to work out, if you don’t mind, I’d like to get my car and get going.”

“You had a car this whole time?” Sam asked.

“It’s not my car, and the last I knew they were still scraping a body off the trunk. It might not be ready yet.”

“No, it’s not, they have it locked down at the impound yard,” Sam said.

“How do you know?”

“I walked past it, so did you, didn’t you see it?”

“No, I wasn’t paying attention, I wasn’t looking for a car with a dead body dented in the trunk. Fuck, now what am I going to do?”

“You can stay with me till you get a ride,” Sam replied.

“That’s still six fucking miles to your place, and you want to fuck me with that horse twat.”

“Fine, be that way, it’s getting dark and you have no way to get home, fuck you,” Sam said and she began to get dressed. The couple on the porch booed.

“The old lady at the shop said I could sleep in the back room, I’ll be fine.”

Pissed again, Sam spoke up, “You want to sleep in a building full of vampires? Good luck with that, might as well be sleeping in a meat grinder.”

“What do you mean?” Judd asked.

“She only offered to let you stay so her family could make a late night snack out of you. They sell good cars, they are decent mechanics, but in the end, they are blood sucking vampires who would suck you dry in a minute if they had the chance.”

“You’re just saying that because you’re pissed.”

“Oh no,” Sam laughed, “You go try it, let me know how it worked out for you in the morning. Oh, never mind you won’t be around in the morning, see, they don’t turn people into vampires, they corner the market on that, when they’re done, they cut you up and burn you’re in the oven. You are a Pizza Pocket to them, nothing more, and they keep your car. Dumb ass,” Sam said slipping the rest of her clothes back on.

Judd lay on the ground with a limp dick wondering what to do. It was dark out and he had no place to go. His phone was back in the shop getting charged, guarded by a family of vampires. He couldn’t even call anyone. Unless he borrowed a phone. “Can I borrow your phone?” Judd asked.

“Sam pulled it out of her pocket and shoved it down her unitard into her crotch. “Come and get it,” she said with a grin.

“You’re going to void the warranty doing that, I used to work at a phone store at the mall. We’d get phones that girls used to masturbate with all the time, they quit working and they got pissed when we didn’t replace them. We eventually started selling vibrators so they’d leave their phones out of their pussies.”

“Don’t worry about me or my phone mister, if you want to call momma, you got to come get it, and it’s clamped down tight,” Sam said.





Two hours later, Sam and Judd arrived at Sam’s place in the country, Judd’s feet hurt but Sam was as happy as she could be. She liked the long walks and now she had a guy all to herself on her own turf.

“Want to see the bedroom?” Sam asked.

“What do you do for a living?” Judd asked.

“I raise hogs,” Sam replied.

“No wonder it smells like shit,” Judd replied. “How do you stand that smell?”

“I don’t notice it,” Sam replied, “Want to see my bedroom?”

“Sure, let’s see it,” Judd replied.

“Give me ten minutes to get it ready, no make that fifteen, I’ll call you when I’m ready,” Sam said and she took off into the bedroom





Forty Five minutes later Sam called Judd into the bedroom, he stepped inside to see her laying on a leopard print bedspread wearing a pink teddy and six inch pink heels, dressed like a Victoria’s secret model with no panties.

For a moment Judd is turned on, until he saw her flabby pussy lips laying on the bed like a flat pancake. “Is there any way you can tighten those back up? They look like play dough.”

Sam picked up some of her pussy lips between her fingers and let it drop back down with a thud. “Is there a doctor that can fix me?” she asked.

“I’m sure there is, how can you fuck a horse anyway?”

“Give it a blow job and get on all fours, it’s easy,” Sam replied.

“Doesn’t that hurt?’

“Only when they get it in the wrong hole, they have a hard time seeing where they’re sticking it. I have to help them out and sometimes they get a little testy.”

“I’m really grossed out right now,” Judd said.

“You brought it up,” Sam said, now get over here and lay down with me.

“We tried this once and it didn’t work out, I think I better sleep on the couch,” Judd said.

“This is the only room with a fan, it gets pretty hot out there.”

Judd looked at the bed and had an idea. “I’ll sleep in here, but no sex, I get my half, you get your half.”

Disappointed, Sam agreed. She knew she’d go for it later, but at least for now she had him in the bed with her. “I do want you to cuddle with me,” she said.

“Really, you know what that will lead to, I’d rather not.”

“Fine, be that way, get your clothes off and get in bed with me, now!” she barked at Judd.

“Calm down, I told you no sex, just sleeping.”

“Oh, don’t worry your pretty little head mister, I won’t try to get in your pants again. I’m used to a dick I can feel, not one that would get lost.”

“Hey, you got a big pussy, my dick isn’t that small, and it’s pretty average for most guys.”

“How do you know? Are you queer?” Sam asked. “You like looking at other guys dicks?” she said laughing.

“No, I’ve seen pictures in medical journals, now shut the fuck up.”

Sam watched Judd get undressed and stroked her tits as he got down to his boxers. She licked her lips and rolled onto her back. “Are you sure? It would only take a minute and it would make me so happy. I don’t actually like horse dick, I prefer a man.”

“I’d have to roll a towel around my dick just to make it big enough to make you feel anything. What’s the point?” Judd asked.

Sam turned off the light pissed and rolled onto her side. “Breakfast is at six, don’t snore or touch the fan. Good night.”





 11


Dumped





Five a.m. the alarm went off and Sam pushed Judd to wake him. Judd grumbled and failed to wake. So Sam turned on the light and kicked the bed, she was still in her teddy with her hair messed up. Judd rolled over and squinted in the bright light from above and asked, “What the fuck are you doing? It’s still dark out.”

“Got hogs to feed, get up,” she replied

“I’m not feeding any hogs, you feed your hogs,” Judd said with his face planted in the pillow.

“You got a free night in my bed, and got laid, you are going to help feed my hogs.”

“What? I didn’t get laid last night,” Judd said.

“Sorry you did, I put sleeping pills in your drink last night, it wasn’t the best sex I’ve had, but it worked,” Sam said pulling on her rubber boots.

“Are you going to wear your nightgown to feed the hogs?”

“Yeah, why not? No use getting clean clothes out, they’re hogs.” Sam stood up in front of the bed wearing her pink teddy and rubber boots. “You ready?” she asked.

“Even if I were going to feed your hogs, which I’m not, I would take a shower first. You can’t lay in bed all night and get up and be all gross.”

“You’re going to be covered in hog shit, shower’s a waste of time till you’re done.”

“How long does it take to feed your hogs?” Judd asked.

“Be done by ten,” Sam replied.

Judd looked at the clock. “Why does it take five hours to feed your hogs? How many do you have?”

“About two hundred head,” she replied.

“Two hundred? You take care of two hundred hogs all by yourself?” Judd asked.

“No, I got me three Mexicans,” She replied

“Really,” Judd said. “Let them feed the fucking hogs, I’m going back to bed.”

“The Mexicans don’t feed the hogs, they do other chores, I feed the hogs, now get your lazy ass out of my bed.”

Judd pushed the covers off and sat at the edge of the bed. “Do you have more rubber boots?” he asked.

“You’ll have to get a pair from one of the Mexicans, I don’t keep extra boots in the house.”

“Where are these Mexicans as you put it?” Judd asked.

“Out in the barn tending to the hogs, what do you think dumb ass?”

“Tell you what, you start and I’ll meet you later, ok?”

Sam shook her head in disgust. “If you’re going to be my boyfriend, you need to get a few things straight.”

“Boyfriend?” Judd asked with a look of disgust on his face. “You offered to let me stay the night, you never said anything about me being your boyfriend.”

“Sorry, boyfriend, get your ass going, lunch is at noon.”

Judd put on his clothes and followed Sam outside. The sun was just coming up and the fresh smell of hog shit rose in the air. Now he could see the huge feedlot full of hungry hogs and the barn she was talking about. “Do these Mexicans speak English?” Judd asked.

“One of them does, Ricardo, he’s the one without a mustache.” Sam replied.

“I don’t know how to drive a tractor, how am I supposed to feed the hogs?”

We don’t use a tractor, you ride on the trailer and throw the hog feed in the trough. It’s back breaking hard work, but I’ll make it up to you tonight in bed. I have a new nighty I want to show you.”

“That’s not an incentive, I feel like you’re making me a prisoner here.”

“No, you can leave anytime you want too after you feed the hogs, you owe me that much for the room and board.”

“I’ll pay you cash when I get to an ATM,” Judd replied.

“I don’t have an ATM,” Sam stated.

“They have one in town, I saw it. It was next door at the gas station, I’ll start walking now and get you some cash.”

“I don’t want your cash, I want you,” Sam said with a girly smile.

“Look Sam, I’m a city boy, I can’t live on a hog farm, and it would never work out.”

“Are you dumping me?” she said with a tear in her squinty eye.

“Dumping? We aren’t going out, I can’t dump you,” Judd replied.

“If you dump me, I’ll have my Mexicans feed you to the hogs, you know hogs will eat people? I lost a Mexican once in this very lot, fell off a feeder truck and never found him again. Fucking hogs at him.”

“You seem angry,” Judd said.

“I am, he was my favorite Mexican.”

“I have a question, you keep calling them Mexicans, and don’t you mean Hispanic?” Judd asked.

“No, these guys are actually from Mexico,” she replied.

Oh, alright, are they legal?”

“Fuck I don’t know, all I know is they get up at three in the morning to take care of my hogs and take a hog every two weeks as pay. Works out for both of us.”

Judd looked out over the vast expanse of hogs and hog shit. “How did you ever get this place in the first place?” he asked.

“It belonged to my dead husband Philip, I got it all when he died.”

“Oh, I’m sorry, I didn’t know.”

“That’s ok, I shot him and fed him to the hogs, cheating bastard deserved to die,” Sam said.

“So you’ve lost a Mexican and an ex-husband to the hogs?” Judd asked.

“Yes, and two sheriff’s deputies and a nosy neighbor. You might be next if you try to leave me,” Sam said with a serious look in her eye.

“Is that a threat?” Judd asked.

“Try it, see what happens lover boy,” she said as the dawn sun lit up her pink night gown and grey hog boots.

“I’m leaving,” Judd said and took off down the driveway towards the gravel road leaving Sam and her hog operation behind. It was then he felt the kick in his back the knocked him on his face. He raised his head and spit out gravel feeling the full weight of Sam on his back. She had her arm around his neck and was lying prone on top of him with the other arm wrapped around his forehead.

“What are you doing?” Judd choked out almost unable to breath.

“It’s a wrestling move fucker, called a choke hold,” Sam replied.

“So that unitard you were wearing wasn’t just a fashion statement,” Judd said out of breath.

“I’m the county champion wrestler, three years running.”

“You usually run people down from the back when they aren’t looking?”

“You call me a cheater?” Sam asked pulling tighter on Judd’s forehead pulling his head back and stretching out his neck.

“No, but kicking me in the back wasn’t fair, you didn’t give me any warning.”

Sam jammed her bony knee into Judd’s back and said, “No shit, why would I give you a warning? You’d just run faster.”

Judd started to lose consciousness as the blood flow to his brain was being cut off by the choke hold. He started to see red and gently faded into darkness. Then he went limp.

This gave Sam a chance to call her Mexicans so she pulled her cell phone out of her teddy top and dialed the only one that spoke English, Ricardo.





Twenty minutes later, Judd found himself tied to a post next to the entrance of the barn. He was just outside enough that the sun beat down on him. Inside the barn was Ricardo, Sam and the two other Mexican’s loading the feed truck with sacks of hog feed. Judd tried to get loose but his binding was too tight. It was then Sam looked over and noticed Judd was awake. She walked out of the barn and stood looking down at Judd who looked up at her with the sun glare over her shoulder. She was now wearing just a bra and shorts combo. The nightgown must have got dirty.

“I see you’re awake,” Sam said. “Try to run away now,” she dared him.

Judd pulled on his bindings but nothing happened.

“Yeah, just like I thought, you aren’t going anywhere mister, I had Juan tie you up good. He knows knots.”

“Good for him, now let me go, this is kidnapping!” Judd yelled back. He noticed the Mexicans heard him and they all walked over to see what was going on.”

“You ok miss Sam?” Ricardo asked.

“Yeah, I’m fine, he’s just blowing off steam, and he’ll come around soon enough.”

“If you like, me and the boys can fuck him up for you,”

“No, we need to get the rest of the hogs fed, I can deal with him, I’m a big girl,” Sam said. She leaned down and pulled down her top exposing her farmers tan tits to Judd. “You’re going to be on these later like a bee to honey.”

“Why would a bee go to honey? Don’t you mean bear?” Judd asked.

“Fuck you,” Sam said righting herself. “Tonight, no sleeping pills, I want you awake for all the fun.”

“Really, how are you going to do that?” Judd asked.

Ricardo and the boys will be there to help, you don’t put out, they will make you wish you had,” she said with a smile.

Sam walked back to the house and let the Mexican finish feeding the hogs, she had to make lunch and didn’t want to be disturbed.

“Hey!” Judd yelled to Ricardo.

“What you want?” Ricardo replied.

“Untie me,” he said.

Ricardo laughed and asked, “What’s the magic word?”

“Please,” Judd replied.

“Nope,” Ricardo said and shook his head in disgust. “It’s Rumpelstiltskin you dumb ass, now bake in the sun for a while, it’ll teach you a lesson.”

“Let me go Rumpelstiltskin?” Judd asked.

“Too late, I got to go, things to do.”

“I can pay you,” Judd said.

“I don’t want your money, she gives me more than money. I have a place to live, you better be nice to her or we'll fuck you up, you got me?”

Ricardo walked away and left Judd baking in the hot sun. Maybe at lunch he could find a way to get loose when they fed him, but for now he was beyond fucked, hot and thirsty tied to a pole like a donkey. “Hey! How about some water?” he yelled. The men ignored him and went on filling the feed truck.

“You better do what they say,” Judd heard. He looked around and all he saw was a stray hog on the other side of the fence. “Who said something?” Judd asked.

“I did,” the hog said. “You better do what they say, these are mean fuckers. They will cut you up and feed you to the other hogs alive, I know, I’ve helped eat one of you before. You taste like grease and cigarettes.”

“Am I having a delusion? Hog’s don’t talk.”

“You’re right, most hogs don’t talk, but I do, I’m not the same as all those other dirty smelly swine.”

“Is that why you’re all alone over there?”

“Pretty much, had a falling out with my boyfriend last week and now I’m hoofing it all alone.”

“You’re a male hog, right?”

“A bore, yes,” the hog replied.

“So how do you have a boyfriend? I’ve never heard of a gay hog before.”

“Yeah, he’s my ex, been together for five weeks, then he finds another tight ass and leaves me, tells me he never loved me in the first place, it was all sex for him.”

“Used you for sex? I’m going through that now,” Judd said.

“I heard, the bitch that runs this place is a nutjob, watch out what you do and say, she tossed her husband in here and now she runs the place like Hitler.”

“How do you know about Hitler? Judd asked.

“I watch a lot of the History channel.”





 12


Dog House





Toby waited patiently for the driver to return with his gun, instead he heard the car start and drive off.

“Thank God,” Toby said scratching his ass with a claw.

“Yeah, now let’s get down to business,” the passenger said looking at Lisa.

“I don’t need your money anymore,” she said taking a step back.

“Doesn’t change the fact we had an agreement, now get in the bedroom,” he said pointing to the open door.

“Now you leave her alone,” the old woman said. “This is my house and I won’t have any of that going on!”

The passenger looked at his mother and said, “Shut the fuck up Momma and mind your own business.” The passenger stepped towards Lisa and put his hand out to guide her to the bedroom. Lisa complied, made her way to the bedroom and sat down on the filthy bed. Toby scrambled up from behind and sat at her feet like a cute little guard dog.

The passenger unbuttoned his pants and let them drop to his knees exposing his four inch flaccid penis. It was surrounded by a nasty curly hairy bush. “Get to it girl” the man said looking down at Lisa at the edge of the bed.

Lisa grabbed the tip of the penis and squished it like a sponge. She rocked it back and forth and almost bent it in half.

“Stop playing with it and put it in your mouth bitch,” the passenger said.

Lisa touched her tongue to the tip and tasted it, it tasted like three day old piss. “Can you wash it off first?” she asked looking up at the man towering above her.

“Use your mouth,” he said.

Lisa put the rest of his penis in her mouth and sat there. She really hadn’t done this a lot and didn’t know what to do. “Put your hand on it and rub,” he said frustrated.

Lisa put her hand on the top of his penis and petted it like a cat, pissed, the passenger smacked Lisa across the face, scraping his own cock with her teeth and sending her on her side. “That hurt you cunt!” he yelled. He looked down at his cock to see if there was any blood.

“Don’t play stupid girl, I know you how to suck cock!”

Then Toby spoke up, “How do you know? You just met her a half hour ago.”

“All women know how to please a man, she’s just fucking with me because she don’t need the money anymore. I’ll teach her a lesson about pleasing a man, bitch!” the passenger said pulling Lisa up to a sitting position.

“What are you going to do to her?” Toby asked.

“Watch,” the passenger said rolling Lisa over onto her belly. Once he had her ass up in the air, he bent over, spread her legs and shoved his face in her pussy from behind. Lisa opened her eyes wide in shock, she’d never had anyone do this to her before and to her surprise she liked it. Instead of getting all pissy and bitchy, she began to gyrate and move her ass in circles getting all the pleasure she could get from this man’s tongue.

Toby crawled up onto the bed and watched this man go down on Lisa from behind. It was quite a show and Toby got a little beaver woody. “You like that?” Toby asked Lisa.

Lisa rolled her head over in Toby’s direction and opened her eyes. She had to stop moaning to reply. “This is fucking awesome, if this is what sex is supposed to be all about, I’m going to be a whore,” she said closing her eyes, enjoying this man’s talented tongue in her crack.

“You mind if I get some?” Toby asked shyly.

“You’re a rat, you probably have fleas, I don’t think so.”

“This guy might have fleas, what’s your issue?”

“Too late now,” Lisa replied and began to moan louder and rock harder back and forth. “I want you in me!” she shouted so he flipped over on her back. She spread her legs as wide as she could and rocked her hips back for better penetration. Once in position, the passenger rammed his rock hard cock into Lisa and let her have it will all his might. Back and forth they went, slamming her head into the headboard until a candle and a book fell off the top hitting Lisa in the tit.

Thirty seconds later the passenger blew his wad and shoved his dick in so far it make the skin on her butt bulge out. He closed his eyes as his penis pulsated from the rhythmic contractions of the cum leaving his cock landing deep inside Lisa. He waited a few seconds and pulled his dick out leaving her laying on her back. Splooge dripped on the bed. It was then she noticed a yellow lab sitting on the bed watching her. “Where did that come from?” she asked, not liking being watched by anyone, or any animals.

“From my cock bitch, the passenger said.

“No, the dog, where did he come from?” Lisa asked again

The passenger looked at the dog and replied, “This is his room.”

“What?” Lisa asked.

“This is my mother’s house, and the dog is her’s, she gave my room to the dog when I moved out at fourteen.”

“Why are there clothes strung all over the place?”

“Stupid dog can’t put away his laundry.”





Then a crash came from the window and a flaming bottle smashed against the far wall exploding in a fireball that lit up the curtains and a pile of old blankets in the corner. The passenger crawled off and ran out the door leaving Toby and Lisa behind. “Run!” Toby yelled, scrambling out the door followed by Lisa, neither were burned but they were scared shitess. “To the front door!” Toby yelled,

“Where’s his mother?” Lisa yelled looking around, then she saw her through the front door walking down the sidewalk with her walker. Lisa ran out the front door following Toby and caught up with the old lady. “You’re house is on fire!” Lisa yelled.

“I know, I saw Sonny drive up to the house and light up the bottle,” the old woman said.

“Thanks for letting us know!” Lisa said.

“I’m an old woman, I don’t walk so fast, you can run out, I can’t.”

“You could have yelled,” Toby snapped. “Either way, we’re getting the fuck out of here, we got money, let’s go!” Toby yelled to Lisa.

`“I agree,” Lisa said.

“What about me?” the old woman asked. “My house is on fire and my dogs are still inside!”

“No they aren’t, they’re across the street pissing on your neighbor’s yard,” Toby said. “Probably the only time they haven’t used your house for a toilet.”

Lisa and Toby took off walking as fast as they could from the burning house leaving the old lady behind. “She’ll be fine,” Toby said.

“I know,” Lisa replied, “I don’t have any sympathy for her.”

“She did give you money, she didn’t have too.”

“Don’t try to make me feel guilty, her son tried to rape me and she didn’t do anything to help, she’s as guilty as they are.”

“We need to find a place to get some food and you some clothes,” Toby said. “Let’s head towards downtown.”





An hour later Lisa was standing at an intersection with splooge running down her leg. She was still naked and traffic was heavy. Across the street was a mini mall with a Chinese restaurant that looked very good right now. “You like Chinese?” Lisa asked.

“I told you before, I eat twigs and shit like that,” Toby replied.

“I think Chinese has twigs in it,” Lisa replied.

“I’d be better off finding lunch at the park, should be plenty of trees there.”

“How can you eat that? Sounds gross.”

“How can you eat Chinese? And I’m not even making a cat joke,” Toby said.

“I love Chinese, the noodles, the sauce, I’m dying for some, sure you don’t want to try?”

“I’ll give it a shot I suppose,” Toby said and they walked across the street to the Chinese place. It was a buffet so they didn’t have to try to speak Chinese off a menu.

Once inside an Asian woman approached them and asked, “Two?”

Lisa replied, “Yes.”

“What to drink?”

“Two waters please.”

“Drinks are free with Buffet,” the woman said.

“Ok, I’ll take a diet Coke, what do you want?” she asked Toby.

“You have Dr. Pepper?” he asked.

“Yes, we have Dr. Pepper,” the Asian woman replied.

“Ok, I’ll take a Dr. Pepper, “Toby replied and the Asian woman escorted them to a seat. None of the customers seem to notice the beaver or the nude woman following her. Or at least they didn’t want to make it obvious.

“What do you want to do now?” Toby asked now that they were calmly sitting down and able to have a normal conversation.

“After we’re done eating, I want to go to the clothing store in this mall,” Lisa replied. “I have enough for get one outfit and some shoes.”

“What kind of shoes?” Toby asked.

“Does it matter?”

“Just trying to make conversation, I know about chicks and their shoes.”

“Maybe some flip flops,” Lisa said.

“You’ve got to be kidding, flip flops?”

“What do you suggest?”

“Four inch heels, black, with a thin strap that goes across the top,” Toby replied.

“I’m not applying for a job at a strip club, I don’t need shoes like that, plus you can’t really walk in them for long.”

“Fine, get some flip flops, what is this 1969?” Toby asked sipping on the Dr. Pepper the Asian woman delivered to the table.

“This is a buffet, we should get our food,” Lisa said.

“I can’t reach the food, you’re going to have to get mine for me.”

“Fine, I’ll get you all the twigs I can find,” Lisa said getting up from her booth. She walked over to the buffet tables and grabbed a plate. Then she noticed a man looking at her chatting with a woman like they were making fun of her. They would cover their mouths and look away when she looked back at them. In between they would sneak peeks at her naked body.

She tried to ignore the couple then noticed another group doing the same thing, then a table with two women looking at her like she was some sort of cheap hooker. She again tried to ignore the stares and move on adding food to her plate. Then the manager walked up to her and said, “Miss, my customers are making complaints.”

“Yeah, I figured, I’m planning on getting some clothes after I eat, I’m starving.”

“It’s not that, it’s your beaver friend over there at the booth, he’s been asking for money from my customers, says you’re his retarded sister and needs money to get you back to the asylum.”

“That little fucker!” Lisa said.

“Is this true? Are you retarded?”

“No! And I’m not his sister! He’s a rat if you can’t tell.”

“Oh, I can tell, we have a discount for all rodents this month.”

“I don’t want to know why, please don’t tell me, I can assure you I’m not his sister and I’m not retarded.”

“If you don’t mind, I’d like to test you to make sure.”

“Test me?” Lisa asked.

“Yes, if you don’t mind, I have a few trivia questions for you, if you can answer them, I’ll be satisfied.”

Lisa stood there at the buffet table, naked and pissed shaking her head in disgust. “Fine, ask away.”

“Ok, here is the first question, name any Chinese philosopher?”

“What’s a philosopher?” Lisa asked.

“Second question, if you were traveling the speed of light and turned on a flashlight, what would happen?”

“That’s easy, it would get brighter,” she replied.

“Not the answer I was going for, but I’ll give you credit.”

“Is there a third question?”

“No, now get out of my restaurant,” the manager said. “You’re beaver is causing too many problems.





 13


Art Class





“Now hold on,” Lisa pleaded. “I’m not responsible for what my beaver does.”

“Is he with you or not?” the manager asked.

“Sort of, not exactly, I only know him a little.”

“He says he’s related to you.”

“He’s a beaver, can’t you see the difference?” Lisa said as she pointed at herself.

“Ok, he’s not your brother, but I can’t have him disturbing my regular customers,” the manager said.

“I’ll talk to him, let me get my food and I promise he’ll shut up.”

“Fine, you have ten min, now hurry up,” the managers said and he walked back into the kitchen.

Pissed, Lisa had to get her food much faster than she wanted too and didn’t get the time she wanted to pick through the buffet like usual. She filled her plate, grabbed some

rolls, and scurried back to the booth where Toby was waiting for her. “Did you tell people I was your retarded sister?” she asked. Caught, Toby avoided eye contact and played with his chopsticks. “I’m talking to you, you fucking oversized rat!”

Toby looked Lisa in the eye and said, “I may have, I can’t be for certain, I have these spells.”

“Spells my ass, you’re trying to make money off me calling me stupid!”

“What does it matter? Money is money.”

“You almost got us kicked out!” Lisa yelled.

“Sorry, I didn’t know, where’s my sticks and bark?” Toby asked.

“If they have any, I didn’t see it, he gave me ten minutes to clear this up or he was kicking us out.”

“What am I supposed to do? Apologize?” Toby asked.

Lisa looked over at the door to the kitchen, the manager was standing halfway out looking at her. She gave him a thumbs up and he went back inside. “We lucked out on that one, don’t do it again.”

“Might be too late,” Toby said. “I got you a gig as a nude art model.”

“How in the hell did you do that? I was only gone for a few minutes.”

“When you got up to get the food, a girl came over and asked if you did any nude art modeling, I said all the time. She asked how much and I said two hundred an hour. She said she wanted to book you tonight.”

“Did you do a background check on her?” Lisa asked.

“I don’t have a smartphone, no I didn’t do a background check on her.” Toby replied. “Its two hundred bucks and all you have to do is sit there and let someone draw you. I think you should be thanking me, not bitching me out.”

“Fine, but you have to guard me the whole time, are you able to do that? Do you have any training?” Lisa asked.

“I took a class on self-defense for women once at the Optimist club.”

“Why?” Lisa asked.

“It was free and they served a free lunch,” Toby replied.

“What did you learn from this class?” Lisa asked.

“I learned a lot of stuff.”

“Such as?”

“That the heel of a high heel shoe can take a man's eyeball out,” Toby replied.

“What else?”

“That kicking a guy in the nuts can give you enough time to escape.”

“That’s pretty basic stuff, what did they teach you I don’t already know?” Lisa asked.

Toby picked at his food and thought hard. He picked some more and then at a noodle. “This is good, I should have been eating Chinese a long time ago. Fuck twigs and leaves.”

“Stop avoiding the question, what else do you know?” Lisa asked.

“That’s about it, I didn’t pay much attention, I was there for the free lunch,” Toby replied. “Now are you going to do the gig or not? If I’m going to be your manager, you need to let me know what you’re willing to do. If I book you on a porn shoot, will you have sex with vegetables?”

“How did you jump from modeling at an art class to fucking cucumbers?” Lisa asked.

“Because this isn’t really an art class, it’s a porn shoot,” Toby replied.

“Porn? Who is this girl?”

“Don’t know, but from her business card, I think she works freelance,” Toby replied.

“Let me see the card,” Lisa said with her hand outstretched.

Toby handed the card over to Lisa and she took a look at it. It was a plain white card with pen marks on it. “This is homemade, and looks like she cut up some printer paper and scribbled a phone number and address on it. There isn’t a business name on it anywhere.”

“Its porn, they tend not to want to leave a trail if you know what I mean.”

“No, what do you mean?” Lisa asked.

“Some of the folk in porn are a bit unsavory.”

Lisa bit her lip and took a sip of her soda. “No shit,” she replied and started eating her food. “Are you going to eat?” she asked.

“Are you going to do the shoot?” Toby asked.

“What does it involve?”

“You and three girls baking a cake.”

“And then?”

“Not sure, I didn’t get to see the script.”

“How about a synopsis?” Lisa asked.

“I’m sure it has to do with you licking or fingering somebody, it’s not Shakespeare.”

“For this I get two hundred dollars?”

“Yes,” Toby replied.

“When do I get paid?”

She didn’t say but these are usually pay after play sorts of deals.”

“Cash?”

“Don’t know, they have to account for their payouts, may be a check.”

“Cash only, and I wear a mask.”

“That might be a deal breaker, nobody wants to see a chick getting banged wearing a mask, she might pay fifty for that,” Toby replied.

“Where is she?” Lisa asked. “Get her over here.”

Toby looked over Lisa’s shoulder and made a gestured to someone behind her. “She’s coming,” Toby said.

In an instant, a four hundred pound black woman slid her giant ass into the booth seat next to Lisa knocking her into the side window. “Did you talk to her?” the woman asked.

“Yeah, I think she’ll do it for cash,” Toby said.

The woman looked at Lisa and scanned her body. “Hi, my name is Tanisha, what’s yours?”

“Lisa,” Lisa said.

“Did your friend tell you I was interested in hiring you for a little “art” project?” she asked with her hands in quotes.

“He said you wanted me to have sex with three other women on tape for two hundred dollars.”

“We were still negotiating the price, I think two hundred is way out of line.”

“What were you thinking?” Lisa asked.

“Seventy five, maybe a hundred if you let them fuck you with a baseball bat,” Tanisha replied.

“Oh fuck no!” Lisa said. “For that, a thousand.”

“I could get ten women in this place to do that for a thousand, I can’t just pay everyone a thousand, money doesn’t grow on trees honey and your pussy isn’t worth all that much, you’ve been giving it away for free ever since you’ve been in here.”

“For seventy five, I’ll let one girl touch my nipple, with a finger,” Lisa said.

“Never mind, I’ll find someone else,” Tanisha said.

“Wait, ok, I’ll let two women lick one nipple each.”

“No, you will let them fuck the shit out of you with whatever they want and like it. It’s a ten minute video and I’ll pay you cash as soon as we make sure we got it on tape.”

“I want one twenty five,” Lisa said.

“For that you have to fuck your little beaver friend here, bestiality sells pretty good.”

“I don’t think so,” Lisa said. “I’m going to finish my lunch and go to the clothing store, I’m taking my beaver with me, but I’m not fucking it, not for seventy five bucks.”





Tanisha got up and left leaving Lisa with her beaver, Toby. “How dare you try to sell me to some porn place for seventy five bucks,” she said with a mouthful of noodles.

“Not my fault she’s so cheap,” Toby replied. He tried some sort of chicken and loved it. “Man, I think I was lied too, this is so much better than bark.”

“Hurry up, I want to get to the clothing store, I’ve been naked way too long. I also need a shower.

“Yeah, you might want to skip the clothes and get a hotel room, you might have clothes on your back, but nowhere to sleep.”

“With clothes on my back, I can ask around and find a place to sleep without someone thinking they can rape me.”

“Touché,” Toby said. “I’m done, let’s go.”

Lisa and Toby paid their bill and headed down the mall to the women’s clothing store, she walked inside and was greeted by a very over made bitchy salesgirl. “What can I do for you?” the clerk asked looking Lisa up and down like a chicken leg.

“I need a tank top, pair of shorts, bra and panty set and some flip flops,” Lisa replied.

“What do you think this is? Old navy?” The clerk replied laughing. “We don’t sell crap.”

“I’m on a budget, I can’t afford some high priced outfit.”

“From the looks of you, I don’t think you need an outfit at all, you look like you just stepped out of the jungle, you Jane?”

“I don’t like your attitude,” Lisa said calmly.

“I don’t like your leg hair,” the clerk snapped back. “And your beaver friend here? We don’t allow pets in here.”

“He’s not my pet.”

“Is that right?” the clerk said looking down at Toby.

Toby took a few steps forward and tugged on the clerks dress, “Fuck you,” he said and yanked it down ripping it at her hip.

The clerk backed up and ran to the register and grabbed a stun gun. She pointed it at Toby and pulled the trigger striking a rack of shoes behind him.

“You suck,” Toby said.

The clerk threw the gun at Toby and yelled for the assistant manager to come. In a few seconds a short fat woman with way too much make up walked up to the clerk and asked what happened.

“This rat attacked me!” the clerk said.

“Is that right? Did you attack her?” the assistant manager asked.

“No,” Toby said.

“Ok, get your ass back to work princess,” the assistant manager said. “And get that stun gun rolled back up, I don’t want the customers tripping over the wires.”

Toby looked at the clerk and smiled. “Stupid bitch,” he said and was kicked across the room by the clerk and her hard heels.

Toby landed on his back looking up at the ceiling in a daze and struggled to get back up. It was then he spied an Old Navy down the hall next to a record store. He had a hard time wondering if he was really conscience since he thought record stores were like dinosaurs.

“Are you ok?” Lisa asked, she was bent over looking at Toby who was on the floor with his eyes rolling back and forth. Toby looked up and saw her tits rocking back and forth like to synchronized pendulums. Once his eyes were locked on her nipples, he couldn’t look at anything else. It was like trying to not look at a car wreck.

“Yeah, I’ll be fine, help me up,” Toby said.

Lisa gave Toby a hand and helped him back up. For a moment, Toby walked like a drunk beaver with little balance.

“You’re so cute when you do that,” Lisa said.

“There’s an Old Navy down the hall, let’s go,” Toby said and together they left the store and headed down the hall.

“I’d save the money for a hotel if I were you,” Toby said.





 14


Evil Forces





Anne gagged a little when she looked at the umbilical cord lying on the floor until she realized it was a rubber hose painted to look like an umbilical cord complete with fake teeth marks and blue veins.

“That’s not real,” Anne said to Candye who was now leaning up against the cell door looking out.

“So, you figured me out did you?” Candye said slow and deliberate.

“Not really, I have no idea what you’re doing,” Anne replied.

Candye continued to stare through the bars into the grey hallway. “I’m a messenger from Satan,” she said, keeping her eyes locked on the wall across the hall.

“And what does old Satan have to say today?” Anne asked.

“Satan put us in this cell together for a reason, I’ve come to deliver a personal message to you about your daughter Lisa.”

Anne perked up, “What the fuck?” she asked.

“Lisa is in great danger.”

“What kind of danger?” Anne asked like a concerned mother who hadn’t seen her adult daughter in three years.

“She’s in a mall with a huge rat, evil forces are all around her, tempting her, trying to take her away.”

“What kind of evil forces?” Anne asked pleading.

“Well, for one thing she’s hanging out with a giant rat, that can’t be good.”

“What else?” Anne asked.

“She’s naked, and looking for clothes.”

“Is she looking for nice clothes? She usually dresses like a slut.”

“She is in a mini mall, heading for an Old Navy, but there is no Old Navy, the store is still under construction. She is lost and doesn’t know it yet.”

“Are there any other clothing stores in the mall?” Ann asked.

“Yes, but they were kicked out of that one, the closest women’s store is across the parking lot next to a Taco Bell.”

“So?” Anne asked.

“The land the Taco Bell was built on was an old Romanian graveyard, it’s cursed by the spirit of the man who founded Lancaster. His bones are still buried under the building.”

“Lancaster? Where is that?” Anne asked.

“I don’t know for sure, it’s a lost city, connected by a secret tunnel built by the Romanian founders hundreds of years ago, no one knows for sure where it is.”

“But Lisa found it somehow,” Anne replied.

“Yes, her and the rat traveled through the tunnel and are now trapped in the city of Lancaster.”

“How do I get her back?”

“If she enters the Taco Bell it won’t matter, she won’t survive. Evil spirits have gathered to remove her presence from Lancaster and send her back to Sparksville in a bag,” Candy replied.

“There is no way I can stop her?” Anne pleaded.

“A second ago you were telling me I was nuts because I was claiming to have a baby, and now all of a sudden you believe your daughter is going to be killed in a Taco Bell in a town you’ve never heard of before?”

“Well, how did you know I had a daughter named Lisa?” Anne asked.

“It’s tattooed on your arm, next to another girl's name.”

“Why did you choose Lisa instead of Trish?” Anne asked.

“Why not?” Candye replied.

“So you just made that all up?”

“Aren’t all visions made up?”

“No, they’re supposed to be divine, not some crap you pulled out of your head.”

“Well I don’t know, it came to me and there you go,” Candye replied. “Do with it what you will.”

“Even if it were true, there isn’t a damn thing I can do about it sitting in here,” Anne said frustrated.

“You put yourself in here, don’t bitch.”

“I know, but I didn’t know my daughter was about to be killed in a Taco Bell in a town I never heard of before.”

“There is one salvation.”

“What? Another vision?”

“Yep, be quiet, I’m getting one now,” Candye said as she stared off blankly. “The huge rat can save your daughter, I’m not sure if he will, but there is a chance she may be saved yet.”

“I wish you knew more about this rat, it really bothers me that she’s hanging around with it. “

“He seems friendly, I wouldn’t be worried, if he was going to hurt her, she’d be hurt by now.”

“Thank goodness this might turn out ok, I was so worried for a second there,” Anne said.

“Don’t relax too soon, this might turn out very bad if things don’t go just right. Your daughter is in great peril.”

“Well thanks for that, just what I needed, I was starting to feel ok about being here and now I think I better bust out.”

“I wouldn’t try that, these places are very secure,” Candye said. “That’s why I tried the rubber umbilical cord card, didn’t get me anywhere with you, probably won’t get me anywhere with the chief.”

“You admit you faked that? What about eating your baby?”

“No, I ate my baby, that part is true,” Candye replied.

“How can you eat your baby?” Anne asked, “No, don’t tell me.”

“What do you say we talk about something else?”

Just then the loud sound of clopping footsteps came walking down the hall. From the swagger, Anne knew it wasn’t the police chief, it was the sheriff, Axl Jackson. The law enforcement center and jail was co shared by the local police and the county sheriff’s department. The sheriff stopped at Anne’s cell and motioned for the door to be open. With a clunk and a clank, the door slid open and the sheriff stepped in.

“What do you want now sheriff?” Anne asked.

“I’m not here for you this time, I’m here for the cannibal queen,” the sheriff replied.

“Did you ever find my daughter, “Anne asked.

“Which one? The slutty one or the druggie?”

“The slutty one, I know where the druggie one is,” Anne replied.

“No clue, probably out making a porno is some guy’s barn. What do you teach those girls anyway?”

“Fuck off,” Anne said and tried to find a place to sit down not covered in piss.

“Miss Kane,” the sheriff said. “We need you in court in twenty minutes,” the sheriff said. He tossed another orange jumpsuit at her and said, “Put this on, you can’t go in front of the judge dressed in piss stains.”

Candye caught the jumpsuit and smiled at the sheriff. “I’ll piss on this one too,” she said dropping it on the floor. She unzipped the jumpsuit she was wearing, pulled it down to her ankles and squatted down to pee on the clothes the sheriff brought. When she was done she stood up and zipped up the suit she had on. “There you go,” she said pointing to the pissed on heap on the floor.

“I figured you’d do something like that,” he said. He stepped out of the cell for a moment and walked back in with a clear polyurethane jumpsuit. “Put this on, its pee proof.”

“You can see right through it,” Candye said.

“I don’t have any more options, this is more to protect the court staff than to make you look good. I can’t have you passing your bodily functions to anyone who might be around. “You’ll have to wear this spit guard as well.

“I’m not wearing that,” Candye said defiantly.

“Oh, yes you are,” the sheriff replied.

“Who’s going to make me?” Candye snapped back.

“The sheriff clicked his radio and said, “Now.” In a flash a group of five men, dressed in black protective gear rushed the cell and pinned Candye to the ground. The men stripped her down, put on the plastic suit and spit guard. Once in place, they put her in wrist cuffs and ankle cuffs.

“Get her off the ground,” the sheriff said and the men raised her to her feet. She stood before him dressed only in a see through plastic suit, a spit guard and restraints. “That’s going to get very hot very fast lady, don’t try to fight, don’t fuck around, any movement will cause you to heat up and you may get heat exhaustion.”

Candye looked at the sheriff with anger and disdain, how dare he tie her up? She thought to herself.

“Get her out of here,” the sheriff said and watched as his men escorted Candye out the cell door and down the hallway to the courtroom.

“Sheriff,” Anne asked. “Have you ever heard of the town of Lancaster?

The sheriff stood thinking, he knew the answer right away. “Lancaster was wiped off the planet in the tornado of forty two.”

“No way, where was it before the tornado?”

“About seventy five miles northeast,” the sheriff replied.

“What’s there now?”

“There’s a few buildings, a windmill or two, not much, it was torn to pieces,” the sheriff replied.

“That woman just told me that Anne was there, in Lancaster.”

“Why would she be there? There isn’t anything there to do, or see.”

“I don’t know, but she sounded pretty sure of herself, is there any way you can check to see if she’s there?” Anne asked.

“No, nobody lives there anymore, there is no one to call,” the sheriff replied.

“What’s the closest town to Lancaster?”

“Sparksville,” the sheriff replied, “and you’re standing in the middle of it.”

Anne shook her head realizing she put too much faith in Candye and her story. “Never mind, that nutty fruitcake was just putting ideas in my head.”

“If you hear anything about Lisa, will you let me know?” Anne asked.

“Sure, tell me something, what’s this I hear about you shooting your husband and some gay prostitute?” the sheriff asked.

“Roger was trying to pick up a John with me in the car that was after he butt fucked some stranger in the women’s department at the clothing store.”

“You didn’t know Roger was queer?”

“No, we had regular sex all the time, he didn’t act gay at all,” Anne replied.

“That’s too bad, I used to kick him out of the men's restrooms down at the city park almost every Saturday night. He and his friends had quite the operation going on.”

“What are you talking about? He was down at the fire hall playing cards,” Anne said.

“No, he was in the toilet stall giving blow jobs to strangers,” the sheriff replied.

“If that’s true, why didn’t he ever get caught?”

“He got caught all the time, but we had to let him go because he’s a good friend of the city administrator.”

“And?”

“Don’t get me wrong, if he’d of done that queer shit on county property, I’d have busted his queer ass in a second, he was smart, he always did his butt fucking on city property. That is the city’s jurisdiction, not mine. I’m sure the city administrator was in on it, I think at one point they found out he was sneaking out to the public bathrooms in a rental car so he wouldn’t get found out.

“So the city administrator and my dead husband used to fuck in the public toilet down at the city park?” Anne asked in disgust.

“Pretty much, sorry to be the one to tell you.”

“Great, everyone knew but me.”

“Don’t worry about it, he’s dead now, you killed the cheating bastard.”

“Yep,” Anne said. “Doesn’t change the past.”





 15


Paddle Boat





Judd sat at a picnic table tied to one of the legs. Sam brought out some potato salad and set it next to a plate of ham. “I hope you like picnics,” she said with a smile. It was about six o’clock and Ricardo and the two other hands had gone back to the barn for supper. The hogs were tended to for the night.

“I do, but just potato salad and ham?” Judd asked.

“What else do you want?”

“How about some beans, and some chips?”

“What do you think this is? A buffet?” Sam said with a snarl on her face.

Judd looked over to the hog pen and saw the hog he was talking to earlier, he didn’t get his name. He could tell by the hog’s expression that he had better cool down before he ended up as livestock feed. “No, that’s fine, ham and potato salad are fine.”

“Stop lying to me,” Sam said. “You want fucking beans, I’ll make you fucking beans!” she shouted loud enough for the hogs to stop snorting and take notice.

“I don’t want your fucking beans!” Judd shouted back.

Sam walked around to where Judd was sitting and sat on the table top letting her boots rest on the bench seat. “How many times do you want to do it tonight?” she asked.

“Zero,” Judd replied.

“Don’t fuck with me asshole, now give me a number I can use.”

“Fifty,” Judd said being an ass.

“Fifty? I can give that a shot, no promises,” Sam said running her finger over Judds ear. “You want to look up my skirt?” she asked.

“No,” Judd asked.

“I think we should do it on this table once we’re done eating,” she said.

“I don’t want to get splinters in my knees.”

“You bitch about everything don’t you?”

“Can I go home now?” Judd asked.

“This is your home now,” Sam replied.

“Bullshit, my family is worried about me, you need to get your henchmen off my back and untie me.”

“You said we’d fuck fifty times, you’re not going anywhere till I collect all fifty,” Sam said.

“Why don’t you fuck one of your help? I bet they’d help you out.”

“I’ve tried, I don’t think they get my hints.”

“Don’t be so subtle, walk over to the barn naked and point at your coochie, they’ll get it.”

“I tried that once, they gave me a glass of milk and pointed me to the bathroom, I think they thought I had a yeast infection,” Sam said disappointed.

“Well I’m sorry, no, actually I’m not, if you weren’t such a freak, you’d find a man. Hell, you came up to me yesterday wearing a wrestling unitard, what woman does that? Who wants to be with a woman who dresses like a high school wrestler?”

“You don’t think I’m feminine enough?” Sam asked.

“You make my dick limp if that’s what you mean,” Judd replied.

“Maybe I should put on a pretty dress, and some lipstick.”

“Maybe you should, and while you're at it, call a surgeon to fix that flab hanging off your pussy. That’s a huge turn off.”

“I don’t like your attitude,” Sam said. “I think you may need an adjustment.”

“What does that mean?”

“Wait here,” Sam said knowing he was tied to the hundred pound table.

Judd ate ham and potato salad while Sam was inside. It was a nice evening and there was a cool breeze blowing in. Then she returned with a whip in her hand.

“What are you doing with that?” Judd asked.

“I’m going to whip you into a better attitude,” Sam replied.

“You think whipping me will make me like you better?” Judd asked.

“I don’t need you to like me, I need you to fuck me, now bend over the table, and this is going to hurt like hell.”

Sam pulled back on the whip and it didn’t go far. She wasn’t tall enough to make the nine foot whip do anything but lie on the ground. She tried different ways to get it to whip but it just dragged around kicking up dirt. “Fuck, how do you do this?” she asked.

“I think it’s broke,” Judd said. “Better put it back where you found it.”

“It's not broke, I’ve seen Ricardo use it before.”

Not wanting her to get Ricardo, Judd had to think fast. “It’s a Mexican style bullwhip, only Mexicans can use it, and only on Mexican bulls. It’s a tradition, don’t fuck with it.”

“Really?” Sam said. “I had no idea.”

“Yeah, put it back in the house. You don’t want to ruin it, probably worth a lot of money. Those are made of quality leather.”

“How do you know?” Sam asked.

“Look at it,” Judd said.

“You can tell by looking?”

“How else can you tell?”

Satisfied, Sam took the whip back to the house and came back with a belt. Horrified, Judd couldn’t think of anything clever to say about that.

“I found this belt, I think it will work better, now lean forward,” she said. Judd leaned forward and Sam began striking the belt across his back over and over. Then she realized she’d get a bigger bang for her buck if she raised his shirt so she stepped over and just as she got there, Judd spun around and grabbed her by the arm and pulled the belt from her hand.

“You fucking bitch!” Judd yelled and pulled her into the table slamming her head on the hard wood seat. He was still tied to the table but now had the knife from Sam’s tool belt and used it to cut the cord that kept him prisoner. In a flash, he was untied and running down the path to the driveway that led to the gravel road towards town.





Sam rolled over and felt blood on her face, she was dazed and pissed at the same time. By now Judd was past the house and on his way to the road, she had to get him back before he got away and turned her in for kidnapping. She scrambled to her feet and ran to the horse pen, there wasn’t time to saddle one, but she did grab a lasso that was hanging on a peg and mounted her horse “Paddle boat.” Once atop her horse, she took off in a gallop towards the house and Judd who was now past the mailbox.

Judd was exhausted but knew he couldn’t let up, he knew she’d follow him so he looked for places he could use to ditch her, like a ditch. As he ran, he saw endless landscapes of farmland with little to use to hide. Everywhere he looked it was corn, or milo, surrounded by barb wire fences and drainage ditches. There really was nowhere to hide.

Then he heard the clip clop sounds of a horse behind him, he turned to look as he ran and saw Sam spinning her lasso readying herself for an attempt to rope him in mid run. “Fuck” he said winded and ran into the ditch trying to throw her off, as his feet left the gravel and touched the grass of the ditch he felt the lasso hit his head with a thump and fall to the ground. He knew she missed.

Down into the ditch and up the other side Judd ran till he got to the barb wire fence, it would take a minute to pull the wires apart so he could get through, a minute that Sam could use to make another attempt. As he pulled, he tried to keep his hands off the barbs and was shocked at how tight the wires were and how close they were to each other. How the fuck was he going to get through? His only other option was to try to crawl over the top and that meant scraping the shit out himself on the way over.

Then he felt the lasso grab him and tighten as it pulled him backwards, away from the fence and down into the ditch. She got him, and how he was being dragged back onto the gravel road scraping the shit out of his exposed skin. About thirty feet more and the horse stopped and Judd lay there in agony. He was sandpapered on the bottom and the rope dug in and pulled so hard his joints felt like they were going to give way.

Sam dismounted and ran over to Judd who was still lying on the ground bound tight. “Where do you think you’re going?” she yelled. She still had blood on her face.

Judd looked up at her and didn’t say a word.

Sam kicked Judd in the side and yelled again, “You better talk to me asshole! Where were you going?”

“Back to town you stupid bitch!” Judd snapped back.

“Oh no you aren’t, not after what you did back there. You hit a woman, what kind of creepy asshole hits a woman?”

“What kind of psycho bitch chases a guy with a horse and ties him up like a cow?”

“Psycho bitch?” Sam said laughing. “You don’t know anything about me.”

“I know enough,” Judd said.

“Do you have a psychology degree?”

“No, I don’t need one, anyone can tell your nuts.”

Sam stood there looking down at Judd, she didn’t know how she was going to get him back to the farm, she can’t drag him all the way, he’d die, and he wasn’t going back on his own, now what? “Get up, we’re going back to the farm,” She said.

Judd stood up and let the lasso fall to the ground, he was covered on his backside by gravel and blood. “I’m not going back, I never should have ran in the first place, all you have is a rope and a horse, unless you have your “Mexicans” in your back pocket, I’ll be heading for the nearest hospital.”

“Wait,” Sam said, now more subdued and coy, “Let me help.”

Judd looked at her like she had just turned into a pumpkin, “What?” he asked like she was a big hairy joke, “You did this to me, why the hell should I let you help?”

“I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to hurt you, I was scared.”

“Yeah, scared I was going to turn your ass in for kidnapping, which I still am.”

“You don’t have to do that.”

“I don’t have to do a lot of things, but that I am, now leave me alone.”

“I can get Ricardo, he’ll hunt you down if I ask, you might as well give up,” Sam said.

“What happened to being sorry?” Judd asked.

“I am sorry, do you think I wanted to hurt you? I love you.”

“No, actually I don’t think you wanted to hurt me, you were scared and did the first knee jerk thing you could think of, and no, you don’t love me, you’re a nutjob that thinks you love me, now goodbye,” Judd said turning to leave.

“No! Don’t leave me! I want to have your babies!” Sam yelled.

Judd turned and looked back.

“I want to marry you and have lots of kids.”

“I need surgery, I think I ruptured something, now get the fuck away from me, go back to your hogs and leave me alone.”

Disappointed, Sam walked over to Judd and raised her shirt exposing her breasts, “You don’t want to give these up do you?” she asked.

“Trying to lure me back with sex won’t work, I’m so fucked up right now that I can barely walk, let alone have sex, so cover those up and leave me alone.”

“Fine,” Sam said. She turned and walked back to her horse leaving Judd behind.

Judd turned and slowly walked down the gravel road towards town. The road burns from being scraped along the gravel were now so painful that every step was agony. But he knew he had to get to town and get his wounds looked at, he was going to get a raging infection with all the exposed and torn up skin.

“I suppose you’ll call the sheriff on me,” Sam said. “Go ahead, do what you want, I don’t need you anyway.” she said turning her horse back to town. She got the horse up to speed in a trot and left Judd behind. He turned back to see her leave and then back to the long road ahead. He had to walk six miles back to town and didn’t know if he’d make it. The only reason why she let him go was probably because she knew it as well and would come back later with her Mexicans to pick him up off the road.

Then he noticed the vultures above circling. “These weren’t for me?” he asked himself, “Shit, I’m not that bad off.”





 16


Madam Jane





Toby and Lisa left the mall and headed towards the Old Navy, then they noticed the “Under construction” sign and were both disappointed.

“Fuck, now what?” Lisa asked.

“Let’s keep looking around, “Toby said and they kept walking down the polished floor looking at the different shops. Then Toby saw something that made him freak. “Look, it’s one of those psychic palm reading places!” he said like a giddy school boy. “Can we go in?” he asked like he was asking his mother for candy.

“Those places are so fake, I’d rather not,” Lisa said.

“I know they’re fake, but I want to try, it will be fun.”

Lisa stood there thinking, “What the hell, but I can’t spend any of my money, I need it for clothes.”

“I have some money,” Toby said.

“Where did you get money?” Lisa asked.

“I took some tip money off the table at the Chinese place, got five bucks.”

“Five bucks won’t get you far in that place.”

Together, the two walked over to the psychic shop and went inside. They looked at the price list and Toby was very disappointed. The cheapest thing on the list was a palm reading for thirty five dollars.

Then a clerk came out from the back. “May I help you?” she asked.

“No, I was just looking, “Toby said disappointed.

“We have a special today, readings are twenty dollars.”

“I only have five,” Toby said. “Sorry to bother you.”

“No, you aren’t bothering me, I can make you a deal, today we will run a special just for you, and we don’t get many rats in here.”

“I’m not a rat, I’m a beaver,” Toby said.

“Oh, I am very sorry, I meant for beavers, let me get Madam Jane for you,” the clerk said.

In a minute, Madam Jane appeared wearing what looked like a modified Gypsy costume complete with a head bandana and earrings that hung six inches off her ear. When she looked at Toby, her eyes lit up like she had just seen a million dollars. “Hello, I hear there is a beaver looking for a reading?” she asked.

“Yes, but I only have five dollars,” Toby said.

“You can talk?” Madam Jane asked.

“Yeah, is that surprising?” Toby asked.

“I’ve been searching for a talking beaver for years, does he belong to you?” Madam Jane asked Lisa.

“No, he owns himself,” Lisa replied with a smile.

“Are you sure, I will buy him from you.”

“I’m sure, I don’t own him.”

“Have a seat, both of you,” Madam Jane said excited. “I have a proposition for you.” she said to Lisa

“What?” Lisa replied.

“I will get you back to where you came from in exchange for the talking beaver.”

“What do you mean where I came from?”

“Sparksville, I can get you back there.”

“How do you know about Sparksville?” Lisa asked.

“I’m psychic, did you read the sign on the door?” Madam Jane asked.

“How can you get me back there?”

“I have a doorway, a doorway that leads to where ever I point it. I can point it back to Sparksville and you can be home, all I ask is the talking beaver.”

Toby spoke up, “Why are you talking like I’m not here?”

“Yeah, I don’t own Toby, I can’t give him to you,” Lisa said.

“How badly do you want to go home?” Madam Jane asked.

“Real bad, I have like ninety dollars, maybe more like eighty, can I buy my way back?”

“No, I don’t want your money, I need the talking beaver.”

“Just out of curiosity, what do you plan to do with Toby if I could give him to you?”

“I can cast a spell with the tail of a talking beaver, a spell so great it would make me invincible.”

“Invincible to what? This isn’t a Disney cartoon.”

“That’s for me to know, I’ve said too much as it is,” Madam Jane said.

Toby spoke up again, “Beaver tail?”

Madam Jane ignored Toby and looked to Lisa. “I can have you back home in minutes, all you have to do is give me your beaver!” she shouted.

“He’s not mine to give!” Lisa shouted back, “Get your own talking beaver!”

Madam Jane stood up and slammed her hand on the table, “You stupid girl, you’ll be trapped here forever!”

Lisa shook her head and looked at Toby. “Let’s get out of here,” she said.

“Yeah, “Toby said like he was in a fog. “Let’s get out before I lose my tail.”

Both Lisa and Toby stood up and turned to leave when they saw the front door shut on its own. They heard the click of the lock and knew they were fucked. “What’s going on?” Toby asked.

“That psychic bitch locked us in,” Lisa said.

“We have to find a way out,” Toby said. “Try to break the glass with the chair.”

Lisa picked up the chair and began beating the door with it, nothing, it bent the chair but the door was undamaged.

Then they heard Madam Jane from behind. “Come with me,” she said pointing behind the black curtains.

Lisa was hesitant, but she knew she was trapped anyway, so she followed the psychic to the back. Toby followed but kept close to Lisa.

“Let me show you something,” Madam Jane said. She walked to the back of the shop and pointed to a door that was closed. The room was dark and the walls were painted black, but the outline of the door was plainly visible.

“What?” Lisa asked.

“Stay back, if you get too close, I’ll lock the door and take your beaver and kill you.” Madam Jane said. She stepped lightly towards the door and unlocked it. She opened the door slowly revealing the outside of the building, only instead of what they thought they’d see, they saw a familiar landmark of Sparksville, it was the city park with the Sparksville water tower in the distance. Now Lisa knew she could get home. “See that? That is proof that I can get you home, that’s Sparksville.”

Lisa looked out the door and immediately recognized the landscape, she didn’t need the water tower to know that was home.

“All you have to do is give me your beaver and you can walk out that door and be home,” Madam Jane said.

“What happens to Toby if I do?” Lisa asked.

“I told you, I use his tail for a spell.”

“What about the rest of him?”

“What about it?”

“Do you have to kill him to use his tail?”

“Of course silly girl,”

“Why? You can take his tail without killing him, all you need is his tail!” Lisa shouted.

Madam Jane had to think about this, she always assumed she’d have to kill a beaver if she found one, what beaver would give up its tail voluntarily? “Maybe I can let the beaver live, if it gives up its tail.”

“See, there is a compromise, “Lisa said.

Toby spoke up, “Why do you two act like I’m not here?”

Lisa looked down at Toby, “Would you be willing to give up your tail so I can get home?”

“You want me to let that nutjob chop off my tail? You trust her?” Toby asked.

“Actually Toby, I don’t know what to think anymore, I want to go home, I don’t know anyone here and I don’t want to live my life in Lancaster.”

“I’d rather not lose my tail,” Toby said.

Lisa let out of breath and looked out the door at Sparksville. She really wanted to go home. “Ok, you can have the beaver,” she said.

“What?” Toby said.

“I’m going home, I can’t stay here any longer.”

Madam Jane spoke up, “Can I get that in writing?”

“Just take the fucking rat and let me go,” Lisa said.

“Fine, have the beaver get in my cage before you go,” Madam Jane said.

“No, I said you can have him, you put him in your cage, and I’m done.”

Madam Jane shut the door and the room got much darker. “Put the beaver in the cage, or no Sparksville,” she said.

Lisa walked over to the door and put her hand on the knob, Madam Jane didn’t try to stop her. Lisa opened the door and what she saw was a set of stairs leading to a basement. No Sparksville. “What are you? A witch?”

“Yes,” Madam Jane replied.

“Why can’t you put Toby in the cage?”

“I can’t touch it before the spell or it will ruin everything.”

“Then do your fucking spell now and get it over with,” Lisa said.

“It takes preparations, I didn't expect you two to walk in the door today.”

“Get a cleaver and chop his fucking tail off, it isn’t that hard, stick it in a zip lock bag and put it in fridge. Use tongs if you don’t want to touch it. Stop wasting my time and get me home.”

“It doesn’t work that way,” Madam Jane said.

“I’ll toss your ass down those stairs if you don’t get me home, you got me?” Lisa said pissed.

“Don’t threaten me,” Madam Jane said. “I have a spell of protection upon me that keeps me from harm.”

Lisa grabbed Madam Jane by her robe and shoved her up against the door jam, she looked down at the steps and said, “Let’s test that spell,” and shoved the psychic down the stairs into the dark below.

“You were going to let her cut off my tail?” Toby asked.

“I’m so pissed now I can’t think straight, I had the chance to go home and now I’m fucked.”

“No you’re not,” Madam Jane said from the back of the room, “I told you I had a spell that protected me.”

“How did you get up the stairs so fast?” Toby asked.

“I didn’t go down the stairs,” Madam Jane replied.

“Anyway, just cut off my fucking tail so she can go home!”

Madam Jane ignored Toby. “What’s wrong? I’m talking to you bitch!”

“Yeah, why won’t you talk to Toby?” Lisa asked.

Madam Jane didn’t answer the question, instead she said, “Put the beaver in the cage and you can go home, it’s that simple.”

“How do I know you’ll let me go?” Lisa asked.

“You don’t, but what choice do you have? Who else is going to get you home?”

Lisa knew she was right, how else was she going to get home. “Fine,” she said and picked up Toby. “Where’s the cage?”

Madam Jane made a motion with her hand and a cage appeared on the floor. “Stick him in that,” she said. “And lock the door when he’s inside.”

Lisa put Toby in the cage and the door behind her opened wide. It was Sparksville lighting up the room with a cool breeze blowing inside. She looked down at Toby, “I’m sorry, I have to go,”

Toby looked up through the cage with a tear in his beaver eye, “Just go, have a happy life,” he said and Lisa ran out the door back to where she started from. Still naked, but happy.





 17


Adult diaper





Lisa ran through the door stark naked and was immediately picked up by the cops for indecent exposure and hauled to jail. Once booked, she was brought down to a holding cell where she met her mother and a woman she had never met before wearing an adult diaper cuffed to the wall.

“Mom, what are you doing here?” Lisa asked. “And why is she wearing a diaper?”

“I have bad news honey, I shot your father and killed him,” Anne replied.

“What the hell? Why?”

“He was trying to pick up a male prostitute while I was in the car,” Anne replied.

“Oh, so you found out?”

“I suppose you knew all along?” Anne asked.

“Yeah, since I was fourteen, I still remember the day I found out.”

“Tell me about it, I want to know how I was so blind.”

Lisa hesitated, she felt like she had betrayed her mother for all these years and now had to confess, but looking in her eyes, she knew she had to tell her the truth. “Alright, I’m sorry I didn’t tell you before, but I remember walking in on dad and the dishwasher guy fucking in your bed.”

“Dishwasher guy?” Anne asked thinking hard. Then she remembered, “That was like eight years ago, when the wash cycle dial quit working.”

“All I remember was walking in you room looking for something and seeing dad on top of this guy humping and making noises like he had asthma. It was really gross. I didn’t make a sound and backed out and watched the rest through the crack between the door and the door jam.”

“It grossed you out but you still watched?” Anne asked.

“How couldn’t I? Two grown men raping each other? It was sort of a turn on, I was going through puberty you know mom, I do have hormones.”

“Why didn’t you tell me?” Anne asked.

“I didn’t want you to know I watched dad butt rail the dishwasher guy, I’d get in trouble.”

“Did you ever see him do it again?”

“Not to that guy, but while you were at work, he’d have guys over in the garage all the time. He kept the door locked but I knew what he was doing.”

“Who else knew?”

“Trish, and all our friends, and most of the neighbors,” Lisa replied.

“I don’t know how I’m supposed to feel about this,” Anne said.

Then Candye chimed in, “Did he ever fuck you?”

Anne looked over at Candye and shook her head no. “I just thought he didn’t like sex.”

“What man doesn’t like sex?” Candye asked. “Did you ever consider he was having an affair with another woman?”

“The thought crossed my mind, but never really seemed interested in other women. Makes sense now, but back then I thought he just liked woodworking.”

“Oh he liked working wood alright, just not the kind you were thinking about,” Candye laughed.

“Shut up baby eater,” Anne said.

Lisa looked at her mother funny and asked, “Baby eater? What are you talking about?”

“Oh our friend here is here for eating her baby, sick bitch.”

“Seriously? That’s fucked up, and what’s with the diaper?” Lisa asked.

“She pissed herself and said her water broke, was going to have the baby she ate.”

Lisa shook her head in disbelief, “What people will say these days.”

“What about you?” Anne asked. “I heard you were out taking naked pictures in the woods with some photographer.”

“Yeah, not anymore, I’ve been out hanging with a beaver,” Lisa replied.

“A beaver or your beaver?” Anne asked.

“A beaver, named Toby.”

“You went to the pet store and bought a beaver?” Anne asked.

“No, he owns his own place, has a college degree, oh no, he said he dropped out, anyway, me and him have been hanging ever since I got caught by those hillbillies.”

“Do I want to hear this?” Anne asked.

“I’ll explain later, but I do want to say I dig this jumpsuit they gave me, I was tired of being naked all the time,” Lisa said.

“So why are you here?” Anne asked.

“Indecent exposure,” Lisa replied. “It was the hillbillies.”

“You weren't taking naked pictures in front of a school were you?” Anne asked.

“No mother, we were out in the country, we were captured and they took all my clothes, I’ve been running around naked ever since.”

“Where’s your friend? The perv with the camera?”

“Last I knew he was jerking off into a cup in the basement of the house they were keeping us in. I escaped and never looked back. I found Toby and the rest is history.”

“And you think my story is fucked up?” Candye said. “A beaver who's a college dropout? Give me a fucking break.”

“It’s true, I have no reason to lie,” Lisa said.

“Where is your friend Toby now?” Candye asked with a sardonic grin.

“I had to leave him with a witch so I could get home.”

“Leave him?”

“I don’t want to talk about it,” Lisa said with a tear welling up in her eye. By now Toby was dead and the witch was using his tail to cast a spell for ultimate power.

“You have plenty of time, none of us are going anywhere soon,” Candye said.

“How did your court turn out?” Anne asked Candye.

Candye hesitated to reply, then said, “Bunch of fucking bullshit if you ask me.”

“Go on, do tell,” Anne said.

“The public defender is a prick, I don’t think he said two words to me, he talked to the judge like he knew me or something. Every time I tried to speak up and defend myself, he told me to sit the fuck down and shut my face.”

“What were you doing that made him do that?” Anne asked.

“The other lawyer kept calling me a fucking psycho nut case, I took offense to that, I’m no nutcase, and I’m the smartest person in that room.”

“Two college educated lawyers and a judge are dumber than you?” Anne asked.

“That’s book smarts, I have real life smarts,” Candye replied. “I know more about life than all three of them combined, and told them as much.”

“So what happened?”

“Fucking judge gave me contempt of court, said I had to serve three more days and pay a five hundred dollar fine. I told him to stop molesting kids.”

“I bet that helped your case,” Anne said.

“Fuck him, and fuck you bitch,” Candye said.

“You really don’t know how to interact in social situations do you.” Anne said. “You have a lawyer for a reason, use them, dumb ass.”

“Oh, you didn’t hear the best part, they had three guards jump my ass,” Candye said with a smile. “Took three of those bastards to cuff me. See who’s tough now?”

“Why did they do that?”

“After the judge gave me the fine, I took off running towards the bench. I got to this gavel and through it at him, missed the fucker.”

“Is that why you're cuffed to that pole?” Anne asked.

“Maybe, I don’t know,” Candye replied. “They didn’t say much to me after they hauled me back here.”

“I know, I was here, trying to sleep,” Anne said. “When do you go back to court?”

“Who knows?” Candye said shaking her head in disgust. “I don’t plan on seeing the outside for a long long time anyway.”

Lisa spoke up, “Mom, what are they going to do with you?”

“Probably a hearing, then a trial, then the chair, I’m supposed to meet with my lawyer today sometime. I’ll find out then.”

“Can you plead self-defense?” Lisa asked.

“No, I shot him because he lied and cheated on me, I knew what I was doing,” Anne replied.

“So I suppose insanity isn’t an option,”

“Nope, I knew where the gun was and I used it,” Anne said.

“You act like you're proud of yourself.”

“I am, for once I took charge and didn’t let someone fuck me over. I’ve never said once I didn’t do this and if it happened again, I’d shoot that fucker again.”

“That’s my dad you’re talking about,” Lisa said.

“I know, I’m sorry honey that it turned out like this. Maybe if you had told me years ago I could have divorced the fucker and lived a normal life,” Anne said.

“You’re blaming me?” Lisa asked.

“In part yes, you could have told me and this never would have happened.”

“That’s a pretty big load to dump on me mom, I’m not to blame for what dad was doing,” Lisa snapped back.

“But you are responsible for not telling me what you knew.”

Lisa stepped away from her mother and sat down on the cold hard aluminum bench. She was quiet and stared blankly at the floor.

“Don’t get all sentimental now Lisa, don’t act like your dad was a good man, I don’t think he loved me, or you or Trish for that matter. Did he ever come to your school events? Did he ever make time for anyone but himself? He whored me out at the diner so he could pay for men to have sex with, come on Lisa, don’t act like I’m the bad guy here.”

“We’re all to blame,” Lisa said. “But now he’s dead and there is no going back.”

Candye spoke up, “I have to pee, can one of you call a jailor?”

“Use the diaper,” Anne said, “They put it on for a reason.”

“Yeah, if I tried to piss on the floor, but I’m telling you I have to go to the bathroom, I don’t want to piss on the floor. Please call someone.”

Anne stepped over to the bars and yelled, “Hey, we need someone down here!”

“Did they hear you?” Candye asked.

“How should I know?”

“I feel it coming, I can’t wait much longer,” Candye said crossing her legs and bouncing up and down.

“Quit bouncing, that can’t help,” Anne said.

“Oh fuck,” Candye said, “Too late,” and the piss ran into her diaper and spread across her jail jumpsuit and down to the floor by her feet.

“Those diapers don’t work very well,” Anne said.

Lisa looked up and Candye and replied, “They are designed to be worn under the clothes, not on top, that’s why she’s peeing on the floor. Dumbass guards don’t know how to put a diaper on.”

Then a booming voice from outside the jail cell. “My guards aren’t wet nurses, they’re trained jailors, diapers aren't our thing.” said the police chief. “Looks like I need to get you a mop again.”

“If you treated us like human beings instead of animals this wouldn't happen, who puts a diaper on a grown woman and cuffs her to a pipe? What do you expect? She’s nowhere near the toilet,” Anne said.

“What’s done is done, I’ll get a custodian and a new uniform, don’t you worry your pretty little head now missy,” the chief said.

Anne shook her head at the chief and didn’t reply, her snarky look was enough to get her point across. The police chief remained stone faced, but she was pretty sure she got through to him, especially after throwing in an eye roll when she was done. She almost expected to feel the chief grab her by the throat and beat her head against the bars, but no, he walked away not saying a word.





 18


47 Ford





Judd walked back to the gas station and entered the front door. Standing at the counter was the same women he met two days before, it was Bernice. She didn’t bother to look up when the ding sounded from the door chime, it was like she was deaf. Judd admired the retro look of the place with old pin up pictures on the wall and a stack of 1950’s oil cans stacked on display. “Do you still have my cell phone?” Judd asked looking down at Bernice.

She looked up from her crossword puzzle book and looked Judd in the eye. “It’s still plugged in behind the counter, you can come around and get it.”

Judd walked around the counter and unplugged his phone. He wrapped the cord and stuck it in his pocket. “You rent cars right?” he asked.

“Yes,” she replied.

“What I really need is a ride back to Sparksville, I can’t return the car once I get there, is there anyone here that could give me a ride? I’d pay for their time and gas.”

Bernice didn’t hesitate, she picked up the phone and called to the back, “Send Rachelle out,” she said and hung up the phone.

Judd waited patiently for this Rachelle to appear and when he did he was shocked and amazed. She was a tall, leggy, teenage girl with long brown hair wearing a mini skirt and heels. She looked like she had walked out of a porn magazine.

“Rachelle, this guy needs a ride to Sparksville, get the pick up and take him please,” Bernice said. Rachelle made a face like she was just asked to do the dishes, it was obvious she didn’t want to play cab driver. “Don’t worry about her, she’s a real bitch, a lazy bitch. She’s my granddaughter, love her to death, but she spends all her time on her phone chatting with boys.”

Judd felt his pants bulge and was glad Bernice couldn't see over the counter. “What happened to the lady that kidnapped me?” Judd asked passing time.

“In the freezer,” Bernice said.

“What?” Judd asked.

“Cops came, I told them she took off. Sounded plausible since she had a dead body crammed into her trunk.”

“What are you going to do with the body?” Judd asked.

“Supper tonight,” she replied. “You’re ride is ready,” she said pointing out the window. Rachelle was driving the truck to the front door.”

“How much for the ride?” Judd asked.

“Free, you brought us supper, I think it’s a fair trade.”

“Awesome,” Judd said turning to the front door.

“Whatever you do, don’t try anything with Rachelle, I’m not saying that to protect her, I’m saying that to protect you,” Bernice said looking at the obvious boner sticking his pants out.

Judd got in the passenger’s seat of a 1947 Ford pickup truck. In the driver’s seat was Rachelle who had just put on a darker shade of lipstick. She looked like a pinup model from head to painted toe nails.

“Did grandma tell you not to try to fuck me?” Rachelle asked.

“Something like that,” Judd replied.

“Old bat, I never have any fun with her around.”

“She’s not around now,” Judd said hoping for a clear message that it was alright to try to get up her skirt.

“I don’t fuck just anyone you know, I have standards,” she said driving off onto the highway.

“I’m sure you do, we all do,” Judd said.

“I don’t like guys that try too hard, looks pathetic. I also don’t like guys who are shorter than me.”

“That must be tough, how tall are you? Six foot?” Judd asked.

“Six two,” Rachelle replied.

“That don’t leave a lot of men,” Judd said. “I’m six three,” he added to make sure she knew he qualified.

“Do you smoke?” she asked.

Hoping to get the answer she wanted, he replied, “No, but sometimes if I’m at a party...”

“I hate smokers, smell like shit, brown teeth, gross, I’d never fuck a smoker,” she said.

“Like I said, I don’t smoke,” Judd said.

“You do at parties, why is that? Who are you trying to impress?” Rachelle asked.

Judd watched the road fly by and tried to come up with a good lie. “I was trying to fit in,” he said looking for some sympathy. “Why do you wear the clothes you wear?” he asked.

“Are you some sort of rapist? Going to claim I made you rape me because of what I’m wearing?”

“No, not at all, I’m making a point that we all want to fit in, if you didn’t you could be wearing a potato sack instead of a skirt and bear skins instead of that shirt. Don’t pin me into some group of crazies, you do the same thing,” Judd snapped back pissed, now he knew he wasn’t getting laid.

“What I wear is none of your business,” Rachelle stated as a matter of fact.

“What I do at parties is my business,” Judd replied in the same tone.

For a while both were silent as they headed towards Sparksville. It was an awkward tense quiet.

“Are you a vampire?” Judd asked.

“Yes,” Rachelle replied. Nothing else, she kept her eyes glued to the road.

“What’s that like?”

“It is what it is.”

“How old are you? You look sixteen,” Judd asked.

“If I look sixteen, why are you gawking at me like you want to fuck the shit out of me?”

“Can you answer my question without all the drama?”

“I’m two hundred and forty eight years old,” she replied. “Old enough to know when I’m being toyed with by a creep.”

“How much further till Sparksville?” Judd asked pissed.

“Sixty miles,” Rachelle replied.

“Maybe I’ll take a nap,” Judd said leaning back in his seat.

“Avoid me all you want, your still a creep.”

“Look bitch, you don’t know me.”

“I know your type,” Rachelle replied.

“My type? Now you’re stereotyping me? Well, I know your type too,” Judd replied.

Rachelle began to laugh, “Really, tell me mister, what is my type?”

“You’re a cock tease, looking for attention and getting pissed off when you don’t get it. Surprised you haven’t been raped yet.”

“What makes you think I haven’t been?”

“I was right, told you so,” Judd said.

Just then Judd heard a sound from the bed of the truck, it was the rustling of metal on metal. “What do you have back there?” Judd asked. “He turned to see Sam in the back holding a steel pipe ready to bash in the back window. “Holy shit, watch out!” Judd said as the pipe crashed through the rear window sending glass all over the cab.

Rachelle grabbed the pipe and pulled hard with her super vampire strength. She managed to pull the pipe loose and set it on the floor. “Take the wheel,” she said and put Judd’s hand on the steering wheel. She then rolled down her window and crawled out. With a quick leap, she was in the back of the truck face to face with Sam.

Judd moved over to the driver’s seat and took over control of the truck. The first thing he thought to do was slow down and pull over, but he didn’t know how to work the gears and didn’t want to cause the truck to crash. He had to keep it a sixty miles an hour till Rachelle came back.

In the rear, Rachelle stood tall waiting for Sam to attack again, this time Sam had a metal chain that she swung around like her lasso ready to strike. Round and round the chain spun until Rachelle grabbed hold and pulled the chain and Sam towards her flinging her off the truck onto the highway. Rachelle watched Sam flip and flop and come to a rest as the distance between them increased. “Stupid bitch,” Rachelle said and got back in the truck, this time in the passenger’s side.

“You killed her!” Judd said.

“It was self-defense,” Rachelle replied.

“No, I’m pissed I didn’t get too, I’m jealous.”

“You knew her?”

“Yeah, she kidnapped me and raped me, and tried to get me to feed her hogs,” Judd replied.

“A woman raped you? That’s a joke,” Rachelle said.

“I’m not a bad looking man,” Judd replied, “Some women find me attractive,”

“That thing may have been a woman, but she was no better than her hogs from what I saw,” Rachelle said.

“Shut the fuck up, I may have hated her for what she did, but at least she thought I was attractive enough to do it too.”

“That woman probably has twenty vibrators in her bed drawer and an industrial size package of batteries. She would fuck any man that she could, don’t impress yourself.”

“I’ve had enough of your put downs, now are you going to leave her body back there? That’s leaving the scene of an accident,” Judd said.

“I don’t care.”

“Why don’t you care?”

“So what do you do in Sparksville?” Rachelle asked.

“I’m a writer and photographer at the paper,” Judd replied.

“Really? Have you met anyone famous?”

“Not nationally, I did cover the election last year and met the vice president when he was campaigning.”

“No, I mean like movie stars, or singers.”

“Just locals,” Judd replied.

“What kinds of stories do you write?”

“Local news, food drives, accidents, stuff like that,” Judd replied.

“That sound hideously dull,” Rachelle said.

“It helps pay my bills,” Judd said.

“You have a second job?”

“I do portrait photography on the side, I was doing a shoot when I was kidnapped.”

“Sounds interesting,”

“It was, I was about to do a full nude shoot for this hot girl when these two hillbillies kidnapped us.”

“Did you try to fuck her?” Rachelle asked.

“No, I didn’t, but the hillbillies wanted too.”

“Did they?”

“I don’t think so, but they might have.”

“How did you escape?” Rachelle asked.

“The girl got away and they didn’t want to leave me behind so they tied me up and put me in the car. Then we got pulled over for having that dead body crammed into the trunk and here I am.”

“I see, do you want to fuck now?” Rachelle asked.

“Why now?” Judd asked.

“You were dull before, now I find you interesting and that turns me on.”

“I don’t know now, you look sixteen, but you’re over two hundred, you’re hot and gross at the same time. And you just killed Sam which is sort of a turn off.”

“You got one chance, if you want me I’ll pull over onto a gravel road and let you have your way with me while I’m still interested.”

“How long do I have to decide?” Judd asked.

“I’ll give you ten minutes, and each minute you make me wait, the less I want you inside me.”

“Fine, pull over,” Judd said.





 19


3 Months later





Anne stood before the court at her sentencing hearing, she had plead no contest to second degree murder and was now ready to hear her fate. She stood alone, as she was her own defender, the judge looked down upon her.

“In the case of the state versus Anne Marie, the court has found you guilty on two counts of second degree murder, both charges carry a maximum sentence of forty years to life without parole. It is this court's decision that you serve two forty year sentences consecutively with no parole, at the Sparksville correctional facility. This sentence is to take effect immediately.”

Sitting in the gallery was Judd, now working in the capacity of a reporter/photographer. In the front row was his former model and Anne’s daughter Lisa who was in tears. The bailiff and his staff escorted Anne out of the courtroom and into the hall to the waiting police van parked outside.

The galley cleared and Judd made a point to run into his former model Lisa who he hadn’t spoken to since the kidnapping. “Hi,” he said as if it were yesterday. “Sorry to hear about your mom.”

“Are you writing for the paper?” Lisa asked.

“Yeah, I’m assigned to court cases.”

“What are you going to say about my mother?” Lisa asked.

“Just the facts, what else would I write?” Judd asked.

“I’ve read the articles in the paper, and the editorials, your paper is a piece of shit!”

Judd waited a second before he replied. “I didn’t write those articles, and I’m not an editor, I only cover what happens in the court room.”

“Same thing, you’re all fuckers,” Lisa said looking like she wanted to lash out. “Are you interviewing me now? Is this conversation going in that rag of a paper of yours?”

“No, of course not, if we were doing an interview, I’d ask first,” Judd said. “I just wanted to stop and say hi, it’s been three months since we were kidnapped. I never heard the story of what happened to you.”

By now the hall had cleared and only Judd and Lisa were left. It was an old courthouse, with wood floors and high ceilings. “I should write a book about it, you wouldn’t believe it if I told you,” Lisa said.

“Same here,” You want to get some coffee? I’d love to chat with you about it.”

“No, I have to see my mother, before they put her in prison.”

Judd looked out the window and saw the police van drive down the street. “They took her already, see?” he asked pointing out the window.

Lisa watched the van drive away and head towards the women’s prison. She knew she’d see her mother again, but she was on an emotional roller coaster. “Yeah, we can get some coffee,” Lisa said.

On the way out of the courtroom, Judd and Lisa had to stop when they saw the police escorting a large man in chains down the hall towards the judge’s offices. The man turned and looked at Judd and Lisa and smiled. It gave them both the creeps. For some reason, the man had a familiarity about him that Lisa couldn’t shake.

“Who is that?” Lisa asked.

“He’s on my list for this afternoon in court, his name is Eric Larson, on trial for beating his estranged wife to death.”

“Why did he look at me like that?” Lisa asked.

“Maybe you remind him of her?”

“No, I recognize him, or something about him, the way he walked, or the way his face looked, I can’t put my finger on it,” Lisa said.

“Says here he’s from Denton, you been to Denton?” Judd asked.

“No, but that don’t mean shit, people get around, I know I know him.”

“Come back to court after lunch and sit in on the trial, I’ll be in the front row,” Judd said.





One in the afternoon and Judd and Lisa are sitting in the gallery for the trial of Eric Larson accused of the murder of his wife Estelle.

“All rise,” the bailiff said and everyone rose while the judge took his seat.

“You may be seated,” the judge said. “Call your first witness,” he said to the prosecution.

A young lawyer in a sharp grey suit stood and said, “The prosecution calls Abigayle Johnson to the stand.”

Abigayle walked to the witness stand and took the oath to tell the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth so help her God, she sat down and leaned close to the microphone.

Then the prosecutor stepped in close and asked, “Mrs. Johnson, are you married?”

“Yes,” she replied.

“How long have you been married?”

“About forty five years now,” she replied.

“So that puts you at about what age?”

“I’m seventy two years old,” Mrs. Johnson replied.

“Mrs. Johnson, when exactly did you stop menstruating?”

“Oh, I’d say about 1987,”

Then a voice from the defenders table. “I object your honor, this line of questioning is absurd.”

The judge spoke up, “Where exactly are you going with this Mr. Prosecutor?”

“We are trying to establish that at the murder scene there was a large amount of blood in the carpet and on the walls. We want to show that the blood did not in fact come from the landlady Mrs. Johnson, because she stopped having periods over thirty years ago.”

“Wouldn’t a simple D.N.A. test prove that fact?” the judge asked.

“It would if there was a clean sample, but the blood was highly contaminated. The only other possible source of a quantity of blood that large would have been from Mrs. Johnson’s menses.”

“That is fucking stupid,” the judge said. “Don’t waste my time with such drivel. Now call a witness that can actually help your case or move on so the defense can make a case.”

Pissed, the lawyer stomped back to his table and rifled through his notes. “The prosecution calls Franz Rosenthal to the stand.”

From the rear of the gallery, a short bald man in a t shirt and shorts stepped through the gate and walked up to the witness stand. After swearing in, the prosecutor asked him, “What do you do for a living Mr. Rosenthal?”

“I fix appliances,” Rosenthal replied.

“Were you in the house the day the body of Mrs. Estelle Larson was found?”

“Yes, I was called in to do a repair the day before and scheduled to be there between nine and noon. “

“When did you show up?”

“One thirty,” Rosenthal replied. “I got busy with a dishwasher.”

“What did you find when you entered the house?”

“I found that ape trying to mop up blood from the kitchen floor,” Rosenthal replied.

“Can you identify this Ape as you put it?”

Rosenthal pointed at the defendants table, right at the man that gave Lisa the creeps. “That’s him, right there in the orange jumpsuit.”

“For the record, let it reflect that Mr. Rosenthal is pointing to the defendant, Eric Larson.”

Eric turned and looked at Lisa and stared at her with a grin on his face. She didn’t know why she was singled out, but the defendant made it very clear he was looking at her. Then he looked back at the prosecutor and shook his head.

“Why did he do that?” Lisa whispered to Judd.

“I don’t know, but it was obvious he was looking at you.”

“Now I know I know him from somewhere,” Lisa said. “That mannerisms, the way he looked, fuck I know it.”

“It will come to you, just wait.”

The prosecutor again addressed Rosenthal. “What happened when the defendant saw you enter the house?”

“He freaked and tried to beat me with the mop, I took a few good hits and ran the fuck out of there.”

“Did you ever actually see Mrs. Larson on the floor?”

“No, all I saw was the blood and him trying to hit me with a bloody mop,” Rosenthal replied.

“Thank you, your witness,” the prosecutor said to the defense.

The defense lawyer got up and approached Rosenthal at the witness stand. “Is it true that you were tried in this very court for having child pornography on your computer?”

“Objection!” the prosecutor yelled. “What does that have to do with this case?”

“It shows character your honor the defense lawyer replied.”

“I’ll allow it,” the judge stated.

“Yeah, I was tried, but I wasn’t found guilty of anything. It was a baseless charge brought on by my bitch ex-wife who wanted to drag me through the mud because I found another woman.”

“Not guilty is not the same as innocent,” the defense stated.

“No, but that’s what they found, I’m clean in the eyes of the law,” Rosenthal replied. “Who’s on trial here anyway, me or that fuckbag over there in the orange?”

“I’m the one asking the questions,” the defense stated. “No further questions.”

“You may present your next witness,” the judge said.

“I would like to call Officer John Akimoto to the stand,” the prosecutor said.

Again, from the gallery, a man, this time dressed in uniform approached the witness stand and took the oath. He sat down and waited for the prosecutor to begin.

“Officer Akimoto, are you familiar with the case we are tying today?” the prosecutor asked.

“Yes, I was called to the scene.”

“Where you the first on at the scene?”

“Yes.”

“Please tell us what you observed.”

“When I arrived at the house, I observed the defendant stuffing a body into a sleeping bag.”

“Did you identify the body?”

“Yes, it was the defendant's wife Estelle Larson.”

“Were you able to identify the cause of death?” the prosecutor asked.

“There were several kitchen knives spilled onto the floor from a butcher block, at the time I assumed it was from one of them.”

“What happened when you confronted the defendant?”

“He stopped what he was doing, I had my weapon drawn on him, and he placed his hands behind his head and got down on his knees,” officer Akimoto replied.

“Did he try to resist?”

“No, he laid down and placed his hands behind his back, I cuffed him and waited for backup.”

“Did the defendant say anything to you at that time?”

“No, I don’t believe so,” officer Akimoto replied.

“I’m done with the witness,” the prosecutor stated.

“Your witness,” the judge said to the defense.

“No questions your honor,” the defense said.

“We will recess until after lunch,” Judge said.

Then Lisa saw Eric Larson stand up, still bound in chains and turn to look at her, he mouthed some words she couldn’t understand and smiled at her. She gave him the look that she didn’t understand what he said and he got frustrated. He mouthed the words again and waited for a response, she thought he said, “You thought you could”... and then, “I’m back.” She missed the middle and the words made no sense or context.

“Are you sure you don’t know this guy?” Judd asked.

“Never seen him in my life,” Lisa replied.

“Then why did he just say that you thought you could leave him to die, watch out bitch, I’m back?”





 20


Women’s prison





Anne spent her first night in prison with a large black woman who seemed way too interested in her. She was in the same pod, but housed three cells to her left. At the dinner table, Anne sat alone while this woman and her friends stared at her like a freak at the circus. Anne knew being new would be hard, and planned on being targeted, but not this fast. Then the large black woman walked over and sat across the table from her.

“I saw you on TV,” the woman said.

Anne didn’t reply.

“My name is Vaniqa, I run this place.”

“I see,” Anne stated looking down at the table.

“Look me in the eye,” Vaniqa said. “I have some rules for you, you need to listen up, and I’m not going to tell them to you again, you understand me?”

Anne nodded in agreement.

“First, never rat on an inmate, don't be nosy, don't have loose lips, and never put an inmate on the spot. Second, don’t tell the guards anything that could get yourself or another inmate in trouble, and last, you’re my bitch, and nobody else’s, you got that? I own your ass.”

Anne looked at the other women sitting at the table Vaniqa came from, there were three others and she knew she had to comply.

“Do you have any questions?” Vaniqa asked.

Anne bit her lip and shook her head no.

“First things first, I want you in my cell in half an hour.”

“Why?” Anne asked timidly.

“I need to initiate you, let you know who’s in charge.”

“What does that mean?” Anne asked.

“That means you get to pet my bald cat,” Vaniqa replied.

Anne closed her eyes and unknowingly shook her head. She didn’t realize she was doing it.

“What you shaking your head about girl?” Vaniqa asked. “What do you expect? You better get used to pussy, you’re going to be eating and fucking it a lot. If you’re good, I might lend you out, but for now, you better practice you tongue techniques.”

Vaniqa left the table and joined her fellow inmates. Anne laid her head down in her arms and closed her eyes, she wanted this nightmare to all go away.





Thirty minutes later, Anne knocked on Vaniqa’s cell door. Nobody answered, she knocked again and pushed on the door, it opened and Anne saw a black woman on the floor lying motionless. She was scared shitless and didn’t know what to do, then she felt a hand shove her into the cell and heard the door close behind. When she turned around it was one of the female guards with another standing behind her.

“What’s going on?” Anne asked.

“Looks like you murdered Vaniqa to me,” one of the guards said.

“No, I didn’t murder anyone,” Anne replied. “I just got here.”

“She was going to rape you, you got pissed and snapped her neck, that’s what I saw,” the same guard said.

“I don’t believe this, I’ve been here one day and already I’ve been threatened, almost raped and now accused of the murder of the woman I was supposed to have sex with, what kind of nut house is this?” Anne asked.

“We’re going to turn you over to the warden, come with us,” the guard said.

Anne complied and followed one of the guards out of the cell followed by the other. They walked along the walkway to the exit door that led to the offices. Once they reached the warden’s office, they knocked and they were buzzed in, Anne stood before the warden awaiting her fate.

“Who the fuck is this?” the warden asked. He was a sixty year old something with a suit and tie.

“Caught this bitch killing Vaniqa,” a guard said with a wink.

“Here one day and you’re already killing my inmates?” the warden asked.

“I didn’t touch her,” Anne replied.

“Where did you find her?” the warden asked the guard.

“She was in Vaniqa’s cell, Vaniqa was already dead when we got there.”

“I see,” the warden said. “What was your problem with her?” he asked.

“I had a huge problem with the fact she wanted me to meet her bald cat, but I didn't get that far. She was dead when I got there.”

“I think I should call the police and report an inmate on inmate murder. That should increase your sentence by another forty years.”

“Go ahead, I’m already here for eighty, what’s another forty?” Anne asked.

“Tell you what, I’ll make you a deal,” the warden said. “I could use another white girl around the office, if you scratch my back, I’ll scratch yours.”

“You want me to pet your bald cat too?” Anne asked.

“More like my bald snake if you know what I mean,” the warden replied.

“So let me get this straight, I put out for you, and I don’t go down for the framed murder of a woman I had met thirty minutes ago?”

“Framed?” the warden asked. “That’s a harsh accusation.”

“Whatever, whip it out, let’s do this,” Anne said frustrated.

“I like your spunk,” the warden said unbuttoning his pants. He produced his old wrinkled cock and let it hang. “Come over here,” he said and turned in his chair so Anne could get a good angle. She got down on her knees and took the wardens limp cock in her mouth, for the next ten minutes she worked on it until he blew in her mouth. She didn’t want to swallow his blow so she spit it on the carpet. “You stupid cunt!” the warden yelled. “Not on my carpet, you swallow that shit! Do you understand me!”

Anne leaned back and wiped her lips. She looked at the white cum left on her hand and then back at the warden. “I understand,” she said.

“I want you back here by four, I’m going to punish you for that,” he said. “Now get me a janitor!” he yelled at the guards and they took off leaving Anne behind. “What a bunch of stupid fucks,” he said. “They left you alone with me, that’s a huge no no. Don’t think about doing anything till they get back.”

“Are you afraid of me?” Anne asked.

“I’m not a young man anymore,” the warden replied.

“Yeah, I can see that, your cock is disgusting. Why is it that everyone that lives here wants to rape me?”

“You’re new, you have fresh pussy, no STD’s or other issues. You are like gold, probably why Vaniqa was killed.”

“So you don’t think I did it?” Anne asked.

“Fuck no, but when I knew she was dead, I had me my new white girl,” the warden replied.

“You’re the warden, you can have whatever you want, are you afraid of your own inmates?” Anne asked.

“Fuck yes, those ass wipes would kill me in a second if they had a chance.”

“I bet,” Anne said. “So now what?”

“I want you as my personal inmate assistant, you’ll do chores for me in the office and whatever else I want during the day. I’m a horny old bastard so get ready to be on your knees a lot.”

“What if I refuse?”

“Then I have my guards set you up with the Latino’s, they won’t be nearly as nice as I am, you should think of me as your protection, as long as you’re fucking me, nobody will fuck with you.”

“I’m supposed to feel thankful to you for that?” Anne asked.

“How else would you feel? Would you rather have a shank in your back? You killed your husband and some queer, you’re going to pay for that for the rest of your life. You will constantly have to be looking over your shoulder. It would do you well to have me on your side.”

“Fine, I’ll do whatever you want, my life is shit now anyway,” Anne said.

“Don’t be so depressed, you’ll get used to this life, you’ll actually get to enjoy it later on. Just take your time and get used to it.”

“How many girls have you done this too?” Anne asked. “Made your personal assistant?”

“Six or seven over the years, I’ve only been warden here since 89.”

“Ever knock one up?”

“Several actually,” the warden replied.

“What happened to them?”

“We have our own graveyard north of the fence, I think they are buried there.”

“You killed them?” Anne asked.

“No, I’d never kill an inmate.”

The guards returned with a janitor and were scolded by the warden. They took Anne back down to the commons area of the pod and let her go. The warden decided to pin the death of Vaniqa on someone else and let Anne fester for a while getting used to her surroundings. Once she had some time in prison, she’d be more likely to do whatever he asked.





The next morning Anne woke with her cellmate sucking on her tit. “What the fuck are you doing?” she yelled.

“You weren’t using it,” the woman replied.

“Get the fuck off me!” Anne shouted and pushed the woman onto the floor. “Who are you anyway?”

“Jackie,” Jackie replied.

“When did you get in here? I didn’t even know I had a cellmate.”

“The guards put me in her at three in the morning. I was busy taking care of some of them if you know what I mean.”

“No, I don’t know what you mean.”

“I was fucking them dumb ass, letting them in my fuck hole.”

“Who says “Fuck hole?” Anne asked.

“I don't, get over yourself, bitch,”

“Why does everyone call everyone else a bitch?”

“Are we going to have a stupid conversation or are you going to let me back at that tit?” Jackie asked.

“You were getting laid four hours ago, aren't you sexed out?”

“Oh no, I can go twenty four seven, I am a sex machine.”

“Well, I can’t, I used to do about six hours a day of it and that was too much. I’m not interested in women anyway.”

“Like that matters, you have two choices honey, the male guards or the female inmates and it’s not as easy to get cock here than pussy.”

“I have a pussy, I don’t need yours,” Anne snarked back.

“Let me tell you something sister, you will learn that your privates aren’t so private after all. You will be someone’s bitch and you will put out when told. You call it rape, we call it survival.”

“That’s fine, but I want to go back to bed, so go survive over there on your side of the room,” Anne said.

“Fine, be that way, you won’t be for long. I can guarantee you that.” Jackie said sliding across the floor to the other side of the room.

“Just so you know, I’m here because I shot two people, one was my husband, I’m not afraid of you or anyone else here.”

“You don’t have a gun to hide behind here missy, and there are more of us than there are of you. You had the advantage then, we have it now.”

“Just out of curiosity, what are you in for?” Anne asked.

“Embezzlement,” Jackie replied. “I stole seventy five thousand dollars from the city of Sparksville.”

“How did you do that?”

“Do I look stupid to you? Do you think every woman in here is a crack whore, or a child abuser? I have a degree in accounting, I worked in the city offices for twelve years. I had access to more money than you will ever see.”

“So how did you get caught if you’re so damn smart?” Anne asked.

“My I got in a fight with my baby daddy and he turned me in. If it weren’t for that fucker, I’d still be out there free.





 21


Eastwood





Judd and Lisa were in Subway when they heard the news on the television on the wall, “Eric Larson has escaped from jail transport vehicle and is on the loose,” the reporter said with video of the open van and a guard lying on the ground.

“That’s like three blocks from here,” Judd said looking at the video playback.

“We need to go,” Lisa said, “I have a feeling he’s after me.”

“Where can we go? We’re as well off here as anywhere else.”

“We can hide in the back till they find him,” Lisa said.

Both Lisa and Judd got up from the table and walked over to the counter. There they spoke to one of the sandwich artists, “Can we hide in your back room? There is an escaped killer on the loose,” Lisa said pointing to the television.

“Let me ask my manager,” the clerk said and she disappeared behind into the back room.

A few minutes later the manager stepped out. “What can I do for you?” he asked.

“I want to know if me and my friend can hide in your back room? There is a killer on the loose, about three blocks from here, it’s on the television.”

The manager looked at Lisa like she was nuts. “I don’t think that’s a good idea, we have food stored back here and I don’t want to get turned into the health department for letting people walk around in it.”

“I said there is a killer three blocks away!” Lisa yelled. “And he’s coming after me!”

“Sorry, I can’t help you. But I can get you a refill on your drink if you’d like.”

“I don’t need a fucking refill, I need to hide!”

Then Judd tapped Lisa on the shoulder and got her attention, he pointed to the front door where Eric Larson stood almost scraping his head on the top of the door. This man was huge.

“Lisa,” Eric said low and slow. “Nice to see you again.”

Lisa stood there frozen, she didn’t have a way to get to the back room, she was blocked off by the sandwich counter and there was no other door in sight. “Who are you?” she asked.

Eric stepped into the room and stopped five feet from Lisa and Judd. “You don’t recognize me?” he said with a laugh.

“No, well sort of, you do seem familiar,” she replied.

“It’s me, Toby,” he said to her horror.

“Toby?” she asked. “But you are...”

“Are what? Dead? You left me to die, with that witch, she cut off my tail and killed me.”

“But how?”

“She had a spell of rebirth she didn’t know was cast in that room, when I died I was reborn into this body.”

“Why that body? Why did you kill your wife?” Lisa asked.

“I didn’t know she was my wife at the time, when I woke in this body she was swinging a knife at me, I took it and hacked her up,” Toby said.

“What do you want with me?” Lisa asked.

“It’s your fault this happened to me, because of your greed and total disregard for me, I’m now this horrible monster.”

“I’m so sorry,” Lisa said.

“Sorry? You didn’t act sorry when you had the chance to go home and leave me to die. You could have stayed with me, but no, and you will pay for what you did you selfish piece of shit!”

Judd tried to step forward but was too chicken. He stood still and hoped Toby wouldn’t take out his rage on him. “Who are you?” Judd asked.

“I was her friend, I was her little beaver that tagged along and kept her safe, and then she abandon me to a witch when she had the choice of keeping me alive and staying or killing me and going home.”

“You blame her for wanting to go home?” Judd asked.

“I blame her for putting her home before my life,” Toby said.

“But you were a beaver, not a person!”

Now very pissed, Toby stepped forward and grabbed Judd by the collar and pulled him up close to his face. Toby had very bad breath and a grip like a weight lifter. “I don’t give a fuck if I were a person or not, my life is as important as anyone else’s, do you agree?” Toby asked.

Judd cowered down and said, “Yes.”

Toby then grabbed Lisa and tore her clothes off in front of all the customers, nobody tried to help her. “I liked you naked before, I like you naked now,” Toby said. Lisa stood naked covering her privates with her arms. “Didn’t bother you before, now why cover up?” Toby said with a grin. He took her by the arm and pulled her towards the door. Before he got all the way, he looked back at Judd and said, “Are you going to stop me?” and laughed. Toby was not the same Toby he was before, he was mean, and vengeful.

Judd stood back like a chickenshit watching the girl he was falling for being pulled out of Subway nude. “Did anyone call 911?” he shouted.

“I did,” a voice came from the table by the window.

“Does anyone have a gun?” Judd asked. Three hands raised, one with a pistol. Judd took the gun and walked out the door looking for Lisa and Toby, they were fifty feet away walking down the street. Where they were going was anyone’s guess. Judd looked at the gun, it was a revolver, and he didn’t know how to shoot it so he pointed it up in the air and pulled the trigger to see what would happen. Bam he heard and an echo popped back from the building across the street, it worked fine and was easy to use.

Now that Judd knew how to use the gun, he took off running towards Toby and Lisa. It took less than a minute to catch up. He was winded but managed to yell at Toby, “Stop, I got a gun!”

Toby turned to face Judd, “What part of spell of rebirth don’t you understand?” Toby asked.

“Actually, none of it,” Judd replied.

“I’ll explain it nice and easy for you, you can’t kill me, not with that,” Toby said.

“Then how?”

“Fuck you, now leave me and my girl alone,” Toby said and walked away.

Judd stepped in close and aimed the pistol at Toby’s head, he popped off a shot and watched a chunk of Toby’s forehead rip open and some brains and blood fly out. Toby turned and looked back at Judd pressing his skull back in place. “Do that again and see what I do to you,” Toby said in a Clint Eastwood voice.

Judd then popped off the rest of the cylinder into Toby’s face and ran, he didn’t figure Toby would let go of Lisa, so running was a viable option. Toby pressed his face back together and wiped the blood on his pants.

“Where are you taking me?” Lisa asked, now splattered with blood and brains.

“Up there,” he replied looking up to a tall building.

“Why there?”

“Don’t know, just like the way it looks I guess,” Toby replied pulling on Lisa.

“What happened to you? You weren’t like this before?”

“That was before you abandon me and left me to die,” Toby replied.

“What did you expect? That I’d stay there? That wasn’t my home, I might as well have been dead,” she pleaded.

“Maybe so, but fate made it that I got my tail cut off and then chopped into little pieces while you ran back to momma. Where’s momma now?” Toby asked.

“Prison,” Lisa replied.

“See, you had nothing to come home to all along, you could have stayed with me.”

“How was I supposed to know my mother was going to shoot my dad?”

“I knew it,” Toby said.

“What? How?”

“When you are killed by a witch, it does things to you, I see things, I was there.”

“What do you mean you were there?”

“I put the idea in your mothers head to shoot the prostitute and your dad, she followed my instructions like a sheep.”

“Why?” Lisa asked.

“To punish you, I would do anything to get back for what you did to me, your mother was first, now you.”

Toby now was at the front entrance of the building pushing his way inside. He looked around for an elevator and pressed the up key. The lobby was empty as this seemed to be an apartment building or dormitory. Once inside, they rose to the top and got out. “We need a room,” Toby said.

“These rooms are probably occupied,” Lisa replied.

“Do you think I care?” Toby said. “I’ve been to hell, nothing compares anymore.” Toby picked a room at random and knocked on the door, in a few seconds and elderly woman opened the door.

“Hello, can I help you?” she asked.

Toby grabbed her by her grey hair and flung her against the wall behind him with a thud. She lay there moaning as Toby entered her apartment pulling Lisa in with him. He turned, locked the door and pushed Lisa onto the couch. He threw the remote at her and said, “Watch some old lady shows, you’re going to be here awhile.”

“Not if she gets the cops,” Lisa said.

Toby scratched his chin and thought for a second. He unlocked the front door and walked over to the old lady and kicked her till she was unconscious. He returned to the apartment and said, “Thanks, I almost forgot about her.”

“Oh shit, you didn’t kill her did you?” Lisa asked.

“Maybe, and I wouldn’t have tried if you hadn’t said something, she’s probably dead because of you, got that? You. You might as well of done it yourself,” Toby snapped back.

Feeling horribly guilty, Lisa began to cry. The tears mixed with the blood splatter and ran down onto the plastic covered couch.

“You need a shower,” Toby said. “Go find it and wash up.”

“You need to fuck off and die!” Lisa yelled.

“Yeah, I know, but that’s not going to happen, thanks you I can’t die. Look at my face, it’s all fucked up from that asshole and his gun.”

“I’d take a sledgehammer to your fucking ugly face if I had one,” Lisa said.

“What happened to you? We had some good times, we were buddies, and now you leave me to die and then treat me like I’m the bad guy? You’re a piece of shit lady.”

“I’m sorry, I shouldn’t have left you with the witch, I was wrong, but it’s too late now and I can’t take it back.”

Toby looked in the woman’s refrigerator for food or something to drink. “All she has is prune juice, butter and eggs. How does she live on this shit?”

“Why do you care? It’s not like you can starve or anything.”

“Touché’’ Toby said, “But I could use a beer right now.” Toby walked over to Lisa and looked down at her nude body. She was still hot. “What do you say we take that shower together? My dick is a lot bigger now that I’m human.”

“Never,” Lisa said.

“Never say never,” Toby replied. “Get up.”

Lisa sat motionless.

Toby grabbed her by the arm and pulled her to her feet. “Don’t fuck with me, when I say get up, you get up, hear me?”

Lisa stared into Toby’s shot up face and then looked away. “You can do to me what you want, but I won’t make it easy for you.”

Toby pushed Lisa towards the only closed door in the room. “Open it,” he said.

Lisa opened the door revealing a bathroom. The shower was easy to see and Toby began to smile. “Get the water running and rinse off, I’ll be in, in a minute.”

Lisa stepped into the bathroom and turned on the water. She waited till it warmed up and stepped into the tub pulling the surround in place. The water felt good as the blood and brains were washed from her body. Then she heard the shower curtain pull open and saw out of the corner of her eye Toby step in nude behind her. He reached around and put his arms around her and grabbed a breast with each hand. She felt his erection poke her from behind and knew what she was in for. The dirty little rat she knew from her travels in Lancaster was now going to fuck the shit out of her in the shower. She felt she deserved it though, she did leave him to die.





 22


Elena





Toby got out of the shower after fucking Lisa, he didn’t consider it rape, and he knew she had it coming. After toweling off, he opened the door and stepped into the living room naked. Sitting on the couch was the old woman he thought he had killed smoking a cigarette and drinking a beer. “What the fuck?” Toby asked.

“Nice cock,” the old woman said looking between Toby’s legs.

“Thanks,” Toby replied. “What are you doing here?” he asked.

The old woman took a drag off her cigarette and replied, “I live here asshole, and the question is, what are you doing here?”

“I needed a place to hang for a while, the cops are after me.”

“Saw that on the news, you’re real popular right now. Who’s the girl?”

“Lisa, my new ex-girlfriend,” Toby replied.

“According to the news you kidnapped her from the Subway across the street,” she said.

“That’s their opinion,” Toby said.

“What’s up with your face?”

“Got shot up, pretty bad,” Toby replied.

“Why aren’t you dead?”

“I’m not going to explain myself you to right now, my question is why you aren’t dead? I kicked the shit out of you in the hall.”

“Probably for the same reason you’re still alive, do you know who I am?” she asked.

“No, should I?”

The woman smiled and crossed her legs the other way. “I’m what you would call the Wicked Witch of the East, or West, whatever the fuck it’s supposed to be. My name is Elena.”

“Another fucking witch? I’ve never met one in my life until three months ago and now I’ve met two, what are the odds?” Toby asked.

“Your odds probably increased because you met on before, once you are around a witch, you become drawn to the power we share. You probably didn’t realize why you picked this apartment out of a hundred. Why the top floor? There is no escape if you got caught by the police, this is the worst place you could have picked to hide out. You’re here because I’m here,” Elena said.

Toby crossed his arms, he realized she was probably right. “Ok, so now what? You going to change me back into a beaver?”

“A beaver?” Elena asked with a giggle, then she put two and two together. “You used to be a talking beaver?” she asked more seriously.

“Yes,” Toby replied.

“What did this other witch do to you?”

“She chopped off my tail for some fucked up spell and then killed me for stew,” Toby said.

Elena got a serious look on her face. “Who is this witch that cut off your tail?”

“Madame Jane is her name,” Toby replied.

“Never heard of her, where does she live?”

“Lancaster.”

“I’ve heard of Lancaster, never been there,” Elena said. “What did she say she wanted with your tail?”

“She said she could cast a spell for unlimited power,” Toby replied.

“If that’s the case, why isn’t she in power now?”

“Maybe she is and you don’t know it,” Toby said.

“True, her power may only be where she is, in Lancaster, she may have no power here at all.”

“All I know is that I changed into this and I can’t die, now that I think about it, I’m not sure I like that idea so much.”

“Did she cast a spell on you?”

“Not that I remember, one minute she’s stabbing me with a knife, the next I’m in this body with a dead woman on the floor.”

“So you didn’t kill your wife?”

“My wife? I’ve never been married. I had a girlfriend once, but the bitch cheated on me, I did kill her and her boyfriend, but that’s not against the law if you're a beaver.”

“Interesting,” Elena said rubbing out her smoke in an ashtray.

“Enough back story, now what am I going to do?” Toby asked. “According to you I was drawn here by your power, so do something.”

“Honestly, I don’t need the two of you living in my apartment, I don’t have enough food to feed myself let alone three. Your best bet is to leave here and go back to Lancaster and undo what Madame Jane did in the first place.”

“Easy for you to say, I have no idea how to get back there, and there is no fucking way I can make her do anything for me. The last I knew, she had me for supper.”

Elena shook her head and lit up another cigarette. “You’re shit out of luck my friend, this place is closed, you don’t have to go home, but you can’t stay here.”

“What is this? A bar?” Toby asked.

“I worked in bars all my life,” Elena said. “Don’t knock it.”

“I didn’t,” Toby said.

Then a voice from behind Toby, it was Lisa standing in the bathroom doorjamb. “What’s going on?” she asked.

Toby turned and looked at Lisa, she was wearing a towel. “Get that thing off,” he said and she let it drop to the floor. “Seems we have a landlord now.”

“What do you mean?” Lisa asked.

“Elena here decided not to die, she’s a witch and wants us to leave her apartment.”

Lisa looked at the old lady sitting, and smoking. “I’m sorry, I have no...”

“Don’t worry honey, I don’t blame you for what this asshole did,” Elena said.

Toby was now pissed. “I think we’ll be staying for a while,” he said. Do you have a phone?”

Elena pointed to the kitchen counter. Toby stepped over, still naked, grabbed the land line and tore it from the wall. “Cell phone?” he asked.

“I can’t afford groceries, do you think I can afford a cell?”

Toby walked back into the living room. “Now, let’s get a few things straight, as long as I’m in this apartment, I rule, me and Lisa will be sleeping in your bedroom, you get the couch. If you don’t like the couch, you can sleep on the floor. Got me?” Toby asked Elena.

Elena shook her head as if to say no. Then she snapped her fingers and Toby fell to the floor holding his hands over his nuts writhing in pain.

“What did you do?” Lisa asked.

“Gave him a nut punch, bastard,” Elena replied.

“You can do that? Wow,” Lisa replied.

“I may be old, but I have a lot of tricks. I’ll have this fucker begging me to kiss my old lady ass pretty soon.”

Lisa stood over Toby and looked down on him. “You can’t tell me what to do anymore,” she said with a smile. “I’m going to the police and turn your ass in, and then I’m going to get dressed, you can’t make me run around naked anymore for your own personal viewing pleasure.”

Toby reached out and grabbed Lisa’s leg and pulled her off balance dropping her to the floor. He then put his hands around her neck and began to squeeze.

“Stop him!” Lisa choked out to Elena.

“I’m trying!” she said but nothing. It was as if Toby was now immune to Elena’s witchcraft, or at least he was now able to tolerate the pain.

Toby let up on Lisa and stopped choking her. He crawled on top of her and put one hand around her neck pushing her to the floor. “That won’t happen again,” Toby said. “I wasn’t expecting that, but now that I know what she can do, I can block her. Somehow I gained some power when I was transformed from a beaver to a man. I’m not as weak as you think I am,” Toby said.

“Get off her,” Elena said.

Toby rolled off Lisa and sat facing Elena. “Got anymore tricks?” he asked.

“I got a gun but from the looks of your face that won’t do much good,” Elena replied.

Toby pushed on the wounds on his face, “I think they’re healing,” he said. “Won’t be long till I’m pretty again,” he laughed. “How old are you?” Toby asked Elena.

“Seventy nine, and you?”

“This body? No fucking clue, my old body, five,” Toby replied.

“You have a lot of anger for a five year old,” Elena said.

“That’s beaver years, I’m probably thirty in human years,” Toby replied.

“What do you plan to do with the girl? You can’t keep her locked up in here forever.”

Toby looked at Lisa lying on the floor nude. “Why not? What do I have to lose?”





Two hours later and Toby is starving. “You have any cash?” he asked Elena knowing the answer.

“No, I live on public assistance, my check doesn’t go far,” she replied.

“We have to get some food,” Toby said. “But I can’t leave you two behind.”

“You can’t watch us both,” Elena said. “One of us will get away.”

“I’ll think of something,” Toby said. “What about the neighbors?”

“Leave them alone,” Elena said. “You’ve caused enough trouble, these are nice peaceful people up here, most like me, elderly on fixed incomes.”

“I’m not going to roll over and starve, I have to eat, and so do you, so either help me or shut the fuck up.”

“There is one person who might be able to help,” Elena said. “He lives at the end of the hall, he has money.”

“Can you get it from him?” Toby asked.

“Maybe, he’s always trying to get in my panties, if I play along, he might help me.”

“How soon can you try?” Toby asked.

“Are you going to go down there with me? That might be awkward,” Elena said.

Toby knew she was right, as soon as she left the door she could run straight to the police. “Why didn’t you run to the police instead of coming in here after I kicked the shit out of you?”

“I wanted to handle it myself, I’ve never had a good experience with the police. Lazy fuckers,” Elena replied.

“No, there’s something else, some reason why you didn’t want the police sniffing around here, what is it? You growing pot or something?”

“No, there is no pot in this apartment.”

“You selling drugs? Running a prostitution ring?”

“Nope,” Elena replied.

“Then what is it? Why didn’t you call the cops?”

Elena was silent, Toby knew he was onto something. “What is your secret?” Toby asked. “I’ll tear this fucking place apart if you don’t tell me!” he barked.

Elena sat quiet and looked away.

Toby stood up and walked over to a display case that ran the length of the wall to the bathroom door. He looked at Elena trying to judge her reaction as he moved around the room. He pulled open one of the glass doors and pulled out a porcelain figurine of a dancing girl. He looked at it and back at Elena. “What are you hiding?” he asked.

“I got that from Austria, on a trip, do you like it?” she asked.

“Love it,” Toby replied. He grabbed a different figurine, this one of a knight riding a white horse. “This one is awesome,” he said. “How much are these worth?” he asked.

“I paid maybe ten dollars for each fifty years ago, I don’t know what they are worth now. What are you going to do? Break them unless I answer your question?”

“Fuck no, these are incredible, I’d never break these,” Toby replied.

“Then please be careful with them, they mean a lot to me,”

“I bet,” Toby replied. “If you don’t tell me your little secret, maybe I could sell them.”

“Sell them how? You keep forgetting you can’t leave either of us alone, if you walk out that door, you're fucked.”

“No, I just need to find a way to keep you two from leaving while I’m gone,” Toby said.





 23


Checkers





Six a.m. the guard opened Anne’s cell pod door and said, “Inmate Anne Marie, you’re on work release today, get up and get showered.” The guard closed the door and left Anne laying there groggy.

“What work release?” she asked out loud, her cellmate was asleep and didn’t answer. She got up and walked to the shower where three other female inmates were already lathered up and making out. “Fuck, isn’t six in the morning girls, can’t you do that later?”

“Shut the fuck up,” one of them said. “We’ll do whatever the fuck we want.”

Anne found the shower farthest from the three women and turned on the water, she yelled over to the other three women, “What do you know about a work release today?”

“It’s your turn to clean the warden’s house, if you know what I mean,” one replied.

“Are you kidding me? Doesn’t this guy have a job?” Anne yelled back.

“He calls it a “meeting.” If he likes your, he’ll have you over cleaning his house three times a week.”

“Isn’t sucking his dick in his office good enough?”

“No, he was testing you out, to see if you were any good, if you were smart, you’d of bit that fucker right on the cock.”

“Thanks for telling me now,” Anne said. “How long does this usually take?”

“He likes it slow and low, you’ll be there for three hours at least. He likes to do all kinds of sick shit.”

“I bet, he seems the type, taking advantage of inmates for his own pleasure.”

“Don’t knock it sister, once you become his bitch, you get anything you want around here, fuck, you could get a private cell and all the contraband you want, just make sure when you leave, you leave him happy.”

Anne suds up and washed up. She was tired but the shower was waking her. Now she had a full day of fucking an old man to look forward too, at least it was better than sitting in the pod all day staring at the same magazines all day and getting hit on by the other inmates.





Two hours later, Anne is escorted to the warden’s home. It’s a huge mansion with a pool and three stall garage. One of the guards grabbed a bag from the seat behind her and tossed it to Anne, “Put this on, he likes his girls dressed up.”

Anne pulled the contents of the bag and saw what she expected, the basic uniform of every hooker she ever seen. “You want me to change now?” she asked.

“Yes, and hurry up, I don’t have all day,” the guard said.

Anne stripped in the back of the van and put on what was in the bag. A pair of lacy thong panties, a skirt that didn’t cover her coochie and a bra that was frilly and see through. Over the top was a short top that let the underside of her tits show. Finally was a pair of six inch black heels. She put them on and stepped out of the van pulling and tugging everything into place. The guard walked her to the front door and rang the doorbell. A maid answered the door and let them in. “The warden will be with you in a moment,” she said and left them in the huge front room.

Then the warden walked in wearing only a robe. “I like,” he said and walked over to Anne, he placed his hands firmly on both of her breasts and squeezed. “Damn, those are nice,” he said and looked Anne in the eye for a reaction, he got none, Anne was used to getting laid three times an hour back when she worked at the diner. “I hope you like it in the ass,” he said motioning her to lie on the couch.

“It’s ok,” Anne said.

“I have several kinds of anal lube, are you allergic to any kind?” he asked.

“Don’t remind me, just pick one and get it over,” Anne replied.

“Oh, that’s for last, I have lots of fun things for us to do before then.”

“Like what? Play checkers?” Anne said with a grin.

“No, now let me see your pussy,” the warden said.

Anne lifted what little of a skirt she had and showed the warden her thong.

“Pull it to one side,” he said.

Anne tugged the thong to the right exposing her slit.

“Finger it,” the warden said.

Anne dug her finger inside and rolled it around watching the warden get off on her.

“Very nice, now sit on the couch and spread your legs wide.”

“Can I take off the shoes?”

“No! Never, you keep those on till I’m done with you, now do as I say.”

Anne sat on the couch and spread her legs wide. The warden got down on his knees and looked at her thong almost shaking. He reached over and pulled it to one side and spread her lips apart with his other hand.

“Hold it open, I want to take pictures,” he said. He reached over to the end table and grabbed his phone. “Spread it wide,” he said and took several close up pictures of her open pussy. “Very nice,” he said. “Play with it, I want pictures of that too.”

Anne complied and fingered her pussy while the warden took pictures.

“Deeper,” he said and she dug in.

“Taste it,” he said and she put her finger in her mouth.

“How does it taste?” he asked.

“Taste it yourself,” she said.

“Oh no, I’m not allowed, my wife would kill me,” the warden replied.

“What?”

“I’m not allowed to touch, she has rules.”

“You already did, are you telling me your wife knows you do this?”

“Yes, but as long as I don’t touch it’s alright. Don’t say anything.”

“But you made me give you a blow job in your office.”

“Shhh! don’t say that out loud, if she found out I’d be dead for sure.”

“Where is your wife?” Anne asked.

“Outside on the porch.”

“Why isn’t she inside?”

“She doesn’t like to watch me, she thinks it’s sick,” the warden replied.

“How is it that she lets you watch inmates bang themselves in the first place?” Anne asked.

“She feels guilty, she can’t have sex anymore so she lets me do this,”

“She can’t give you a hand job?” Anne asked.

“Well, she could, but she’d find that beneath her. She doesn’t like touching me down there. She says I’m gross.”

“So why can’t you fuck?”

Then a voice from the sliding door, “Because he’s mine you stupid cunt,” the warden's wife replied.

“I don’t get it, then why let him watch me fuck myself?”

“You’re no different than a porn site to me, only he insists he sees real girls, but crossing the line into sex is not going to happen.”

“You are denying him, why not let him fuck someone else? Are you afraid he’ll leave you?” Anne asked.

“He’s tried several times, hence the rules. He’s lucky he gets what he gets at all after the stunts he’s pulled. Has he had you suck him off in his office yet?” the warden's wife asked.

Anne hesitated.

“I knew it, fucker, I’m going to cut his balls off some day.”

Anne looked at the warden who was acting like a beat down puppy. “Why do you put up with her?” she asked.

“I’d be lost without her,” the warden replied.

“I think your lost anyway, do yourself a favor and stick your cock in me now. Show this bitch you’re a man.”

“Do it and you die!” the warden’s wife yelled.

The warden was at a loss, he had no idea what to do, stand up to his wife and run the chance of losing everything, or buckle under her pressure and sulk away.

Anne rubbed the warden with her heel to get his attention. “I’m wet, and I know you’re hard by now, do it, stick it in me. Blow your wad inside me now!”

“Do it and I’ll get a gun!” the warden’s wife yelled.

The warden, pissed but now determined, took off his robe and mounted Anne on the couch. He plunged his rock hard cock into her and pumped three times before unloading his blow inside her. It was like a dam bursting and Anne took it all.

In the background, the clip clop sound of the warden’s wife’s shoes could be heard on the hardwood floor, she was getting her gun.

“Get off me,” Anne said pushing the warden off of her. She stood up, kicked off her heels and ran to the door where the guards were standing. “Don’t just stand there! She’s getting a gun, Move!”

The guards now realized that the shit was hitting the fan and that their lives were in danger. They opened the door and let Anne out and quickly followed running to the van. Anne took off to the hills and ran up an embankment disappearing into the woods.

Anne heard gunshots and knew the warden was blown to bits, but her main concern now was finding a way through the woods to somewhere safe. She never denied that she killed her husband and the male prostitute, but she felt that this punishment went way beyond what she expected and wasn’t going to run back to the guards just to be hauled back to that corrupt prison. Now she was on her own and had to get to the one person she knew she could kind of count on, her daughter Lisa.





Later that night Anne found a place to stop and sleep for the night. It was cold but she knew it was better than turning herself in. Then she heard a voice call out, “Are you cold?”

Scared shitless, Anne sat up and looked around in the dark. She couldn’t see anyone, was it a guard? “Who said that?” she asked.

“Down here,” the voice said.

Anne looked down at the ground and saw nothing but twigs and leaves. And a toad. “I don’t see anyone.”

The toad spoke up, “I’m right here, what are you? Blind?”

Anne leaned in closer, she was near sighted, “Yeah, now I see you, am I dead?” Anne asked.

“No, now answer the question, are you cold?”

“I’m freezing my tits off,” Anne replied crossing her arms tight shivering.

“I can get you a blanket if you want,” the toad said.

“I need a large one,” Anne said.

“No shit, now do you want the blanket or not?”

“Sure, do I have to fuck you for it too?” Anne asked pissed.

“No,” the toad said shaking its head in disgust. “All you have to do is answer a question, you get it right, you get a blanket, you get it wrong, I get to infect you with toad herpes.”

“I don’t want toad herpes, I won’t take that chance,” Anne replied.

“It will get down to forty degrees here in an hour, I’ll wait,” the toad said.

“What’s the question?” Anne asked.

“You don’t get to hear the question unless you agree to answer it, you can’t back out half way. Failure to answer results in toad herpes.” the toad said.

Anne rubbed her shoulders with her hands, she was cold as fuck. “What’s the question?” she asked.

“What did Obi Wan Kenobi say to the storm troopers when they asked about the droids in Luke’s speeder?” the frog asked.

“What?” Anne asked.

“You heard me.”

“That’s not a real question, ask me something real.”

“That is something real, that was an easy one.”

“What is an Obi Wan?”

“You never saw Star Wars?” the frog asked.

“How did you? You live in the woods?”

“This isn’t about me, now you answer the question or I start up with the toad herpes.”

“Let me think,”

“If you have to think, you don’t know, let’s get this over with now.”





 24


Invisible





Toby opened more cabinet doors looking for whatever Elena was hiding. He didn’t know for sure if it was a real object or not, but something kept her from running to the police when she had the chance. Then he found something, not in the drawers, but on the wall. Up on a shelf, sitting over the loveseat, was a small foot wide standalone shelf with a decorated box in the middle.

Elena noticed that Tony saw the box and her demeanor changed.

“What’s that?’ Tony asked.

“A decorated box,” Elena replied.

“What’s in it?”

Elena didn’t reply.

Tony walked over and took the box from the shelf, it was light, he saw it had a lid and opened it. “What’s this?” he asked.

“What does it look like?”

“Looks like a dead dried up baby, what the fuck?”

“I bought that at a freak show, I don’t know what it is, I liked the box it came in,” Elena said.

“Why keep the dried up kid? Is this what you’ve been hiding all this time? I assume it’s not legal to keep dead babies in your apartment.”

“Let me see it,” Lisa said holding out her hand.

Toby handed the box to Lisa who took a look at it. “How old was it when it died?” she asked.

Elena answered, “Eighteen months.”

“You sound pretty sure of yourself, do you know for sure?”

Elena hung her head and said, “Yes, he was my son.”

“Holy fuck,” Toby said. “That’s pretty fucked up lady,” Toby said. “Why are you keeping your dead kid in a box in your living room?”

“I get my power from him, without him I am nothing.”

“So that explains that, if the cops found out you had a dead baby in a box on your shelf, you might have some explaining to do.”

“Yeah, I might,” Elena said.

Lisa spoke up,” How did he die?” she asked.

“I’m not going to discuss that with you or anyone, it’s been over sixty years, I don’t need to have that dredged up now,” Elena replied.

Toby stood thinking. “Now that I know why I’m here, I got to leave, this place is more like a jail cell then any real cell they would put me in. What if I take Lisa and the kid, you stay here.”

“What are you going to do with my son?” Elena asked.

“You said it gives you power, maybe I can use that,” Toby said.

“You’re going to take my son based on a “maybe?”

“I can’t live here forever, and I can’t take you both with me, this kid may be my key to making it. I’m sure you won’t call the cops if I take it, it will lead back to you.”

“Without my son I’m nothing, if you take him, I will call the cops,” Elena said.

“I’ll take that chance,” Toby said grabbing the box from Lisa. “Let’s go,” he said and headed to the door.

“She still has no clothes on, how do you expect to get anywhere?” Elena asked.

“Why do you care?” Toby asked back.

“I don’t, leave me alone,” Elena replied sadly.

Toby looked back at Lisa, she was slow moving. “Get your ass moving!” Toby snapped.

Lisa headed to the door and followed Toby down the hall to the elevator leaving Elena behind.





Once they reached the lobby, they both got out, Toby with the box in hand and Lisa still nude. Nobody seemed to notice or care. They left the building and stood on the sidewalk looking for a way to travel, they had little money and no sense of where to go.

“You’re so fucking stupid,” Lisa said. “Where to you plan to go?”

“Back to the river,” Toby said. “Back home, I know that area.”

“Do you know how to get there?” Lisa asked.

“I know the general location, if I can get a ride to the river, I can follow it down to my dam.”

“In case you haven’t noticed, you’re not a beaver anymore. You won’t fit.”

“I know I’m not a beaver anymore, but I can build a larger dam,” Toby snapped back.

“You want to kidnap me and force me to live naked in a beaver dam built for two?” Lisa asked. “There is no way we can survive like that.”

“Problem with you is you lived too long in the city. You never tried good country living.”

“And I really don’t want to start now. It gets cold and I need clothes,” Lisa said.

“I’ve never worn clothes till I woke up from a bad dream in that house, honestly, I hate this and can’t wait to get back to nature.”

“You’re not a beaver anymore, you don’t have fur, you’ll freeze in the winter,” Lisa replied.

Not wanting to hear her logic, Toby replied, “Let’s get walking, river can’t be more than ten miles away.”

Together, they two walked down the sidewalk like a couple. A couple of freaks that is. Lisa expected to be stopped by the cops at any time for public indecency, but it was like she was invisible.

“Ten miles is a long fucking way,” Lisa said, her tits rocking back and forth with each step. “And why doesn’t anyone ever notice I’m not wearing any clothes?”

“I think they do, they just don’t want to make a scene or get involved,” Toby replied.

Block after block they walked heading towards the edge of town towards the country where the river crossed.

“When we get to the river, what is your plan?” Lisa asked. “You expect me to swim till we get to your beaver dam?”

“The river isn’t that deep, maybe four feet in a few places, you could wade through, or walk along the bank, and I don’t care.”

“Let’s try to get a ride,” Lisa said. “I keep stepping on shit with my bare feet and they hurt like hell.”

“Fine with me,” Toby said. “You flag someone down.”

Lisa stopped in her tracks and stood looking at traffic as it went by, she put out her thumb hoping people still knew what that meant. Almost immediately a car pulled to the curb and stopped. In the driver’s seat was a forty something year old woman in sunglasses. “You need a ride?” she asked.

“Yeah, me and my friend here need a ride to the river,” Lisa replied.

“Why are you naked?” the woman asked.

“My friend likes me that way I guess,” Lisa replied.

“What size are you?” the woman asked.

“Five,” Lisa replied.

“What size bra?”

“32 B,” Lisa replied. “Why?”

“I got some clothes you can have, but my tits are way bigger than yours.” the woman said pulling up her shirt.

Toby leaned in, “Can we get a ride or not?” he asked rudely.

“Yeah, you get in back, she can ride up front with me,” the woman replied.

Toby got in the back, still holding his box and Lisa got in the front seat. The woman put her hand on Lisa’s thigh and drove the car back onto the street. Lisa thought it was odd that this woman would be touching her like that, but didn't want to rock the boat and give up a free ride. Then the woman’s hand started inching its way towards Lisa’s crotch. Still Lisa didn’t do anything.

“Are you guys going swimming?” the woman asked. She was now rubbing Lisa between the legs.

“Yeah,” Toby replied. “We’re going to spend the day swimming.”

“Sounds like fun, I might get in and join you if you don’t mind.”

“We plan to head on down a few miles, not sure you want to go that far.”

“Oh, you don’t know how far I want to go,” the woman said spreading Lisa’s legs apart. She dug in deep and put two fingers inside Lisa who looked out the window like nothing was going on.

Toby opened the box and looked around to see if there was anything else he had missed. Mixed in with the bones was a card, he pulled it out and read it. It was a business card from way long ago, some sort of salesman selling brushes or some damn thing. There was nothing else in the box but bones and dust. Then he saw something scribbled on the inside of the lid. It read, “Thomas Xavier Roberts, 1941.”

“I found a name and a birthdate on the lid,” Toby said.

By now Lisa was starting to grind with the rubbing she was getting from the driver. She wasn’t paying attention to Toby and ready to blow.

“Did you hear me?” he asked.

The driver spoke up, “She can’t hear you, and she’s going to cum any second.”

Toby looked over the seat and saw what was going on. “Wow, why didn’t you tell me you were doing that?” he asked. “You do that for me next?” he asked.

“I only do women, sorry,” she replied.

“Figures, “Toby said. “How much further to the river?”

“About two miles,” she replied.

Lisa exploded and came hard leaving the drivers fingers clenched in her tight wet pussy. “You going to return the favor?” the driver asked.

Lisa calmed down and replied, “I don’t do chicks.”

“Really?” the driver replied. “Then why did you let me finger you?”

“I didn’t want to walk and as long as you were getting off, I got a free ride,” Lisa replied.

The woman looked over her shoulder at Toby, “I’m so fucking horny right now I’d let you eat me out,” she said.

Toby looked at her and then realized he really didn’t think human females were that attractive. Maybe if she were a beaver. “No thanks, I’ll take care of myself later.”

“What man turns down the chance to eat a woman out?” she asked.

“I’m gay, how does that sound?” Toby asked back.

“I believe that, what man would be walking around with a naked woman instead of fucking her?” she asked with a giggle.

“That’s right, I’m her gay friend, I keep other men from trying to fuck her when she walks around naked.”

“Why do you do that?” the woman asked. “You said he likes you that way, but are you a nudist or something?”

“I am now,” Lisa replied shaking her head.

“What do you mean? Is he making you do this?”

“Yes,”

“I don’t get it,” the woman said.

Toby spoke up, “Don’t listen to her, she is a nudist, just like you thought.”

“No, he’s kidnapped me and is taking me to his beaver dam to be his naked slave girl,” Lisa replied.

Toby spoke up again, “Beaver dam? That is absurd. Don’t listen to her bullshit, she just likes to be naked.”

The car pulled up to the bridge and stopped. “Here we are,” the woman said. “I don’t suppose I’m getting anything out of this so have a nice trip,” she said.

Lisa spoke up, “You got to finger me for ten minutes, that’s something.”

The woman put her fingers in her mouth and tasted Lisa’s pussy juice. “Wanna do it again?” she asked.

“I didn’t want you to do it in the first place, although you did a great job,” Lisa replied.

“What? Are you afraid you might like another woman?”

“I like cock, plain and simple. If I wanted pussy, I could taste my own.”

With that said, both Toby and Lisa got out of the car and watched the woman drive off leaving them behind. The river was brown and moving along at a slow pace reflecting the sun from above.

“I’m getting in,” Toby said, “You can either get in or walk along the side.”





 25


Stitches





The next day Anne walked through the woods looking for a place to stay, like an abandoned farm house, she came across a river and realized she was cut off from the city, unless she tried to swim across. Then she saw a man wading waist deep in the water heading downstream. Then she heard a familiar voice call out to her, “Mom!” It was Lisa, who was walking along the bank on the same side she was.

Anne ran over to her daughter and noticed right away she was naked. “Where’s your clothes?” she asked.

“It’s a long story mom, how did you escape from prison?” Lisa asked.

“I was taken to the warden’s house to give him a private sex show and escaped. They’re probably in the woods looking for me right now. Who’s that guy in the river?” Anne asked.

Lisa looked at Toby who was now making his way over. “His name is Toby,” Lisa replied.

“Friend of yours?”

“Not really, he’s kind of kidnapped me as well.”

“What’s up with us getting captured by men?” Anne laughed. “Why didn’t you run? He’s in the river, you could have got away.”

“He is a very good swimmer, hard to explain, but if I were to have run, he would have got me very quickly.”

Toby got out of the water and stepped up onto the bank. He was fully dressed and his clothes dripped onto the sand as he walked. “Who are you talking too?” he asked.

“It’s my mom!” Lisa replied.

“No way, what’s the odds? What are you doing out here? Fishing?” Toby asked.

“No, I just escaped from prison,” she replied.

“Just you? Anyone else with you?” Toby asked.

“No, just me.”

Lisa spoke up, “Isn’t that great? Mom can come with us!”

Less than enthused, Toby replied, “Yeah, I guess.”

“What’s wrong?’ Lisa asked.

“I don’t have a lot of room, as you like to point out, three will be hard to house.”

“Where do you live?” Anne asked.

“You tell her,” Toby said to Lisa.

Lisa tried to think of a way to explain this to her mother. “Toby lives in a beaver dam.”

“Alright,” Anne said. “Is that the name of a hotel?”

“No, a real beaver dam, see he used to be a beaver, but he and I were sucked into a watery wormhole and transported to a town called Lancaster, where we met a woman who was a witch who killed him because he was a talking beaver which gave her special powers. Then his soul was transported back to Sparksville where he was reborn into the body of a man who had just killed his wife. He found me at a Subway restaurant and kidnapped me, brought me here and there you go.”

“That’s quite the tall tale,” Anne said with a grin. “Now tell me the truth, is this your new boyfriend?”

Toby stepped in close and pushed Anne back. “You listen cunt, she’s telling the truth, that isn’t some tall tale”

Taken aback by Toby’s rudeness, Anne replied, “You expect me to believe you used to be a beaver? A talking beaver?” Then Anne remembered that she had spoken to a toad the night before.

“Yeah, furry and cute, just like you pussy,” he replied with a grin.

“What’s up with you men and sex? Is that all you think about?”

“I think your gross bitch, I wouldn’t fuck your hairy cunt with my dick or anyone else’s. Don’t flatter yourself,” Toby replied. “Now I’m stuck with you so don’t piss me off.”

“Stuck? I’m a grown woman, I can do whatever I fucking want,” Anne replied.

“Don’t listen to him mom, you’re coming with us,” Lisa said.

“From what I hear, I don’t think I’m welcome,” Anne said.

“She has nowhere to go, you have to let her come with us, you can’t let her go back to prison,” Lisa begged Toby.

Toby shook his head and said, “Another mouth to feed, great.”

“So it’s ok?” Lisa asked.

“For now,” Toby replied.

“How far is it to your dam?” Anne asked.

“I’m guessing six or seven miles,” Toby replied. “You will go faster if you get in the river with me.”





Two hours later, the three of them found Toby’s beaver dam and gathered round looking at it. “I don’t remember it being so small,” Toby said. He set his magic box down on the ground.

“There is no way three of us are living here,” Anne said.

“Good, then get the fuck out,” Toby said.

“Toby!” Lisa yelled back, “That’s my mother, show her some respect!”

“She isn’t my mother, I didn’t ask for someone else to take care of,” Toby said.

Anne, feeling left out, spoke up, “I’ll make myself useful, I’ll go look for something we can eat.”

“You want some help?” Lisa asked.

“Yeah,” Anne said.

Toby spoke up, “No fucking way, if you leave, you will take off, Lisa stays with me, and you can go by yourself.”

“Wait, let’s all go together once we figure out how we’re going to make this dam livable,” Lisa said.

Toby reached in and pulled on some of the branches trying to look inside the dam. “This will take a week just to tear apart and two weeks to rebuild”

“So what do you want to do?” Lisa asked.

“First thing, we need to find fresh water to drink,” Toby said.

“What about the river water?” Lisa asked.

“If I were a cow or a deer, yeah, but I want something that don’t look like someone took a shit in,” Toby said.

“What did you drink when you were a beaver?” Anne asked.

“River water, but that’s all I knew, I used to piss in that water,” Toby replied.

“Where do we find clean drinking water?” Anne asked.

“We need to find a farm house with a well,” Toby replied.

“Won’t the farmer be a bit pissed that three strangers are drinking from his well?”

“We find some containers, fill them up at night, nobody will find out.”

Lisa spoke up, “Do you know of any farms around here?”

“No, I spent all my time in the river, beavers don’t get around on land much. We need to quit talking and get to looking, we can’t last long without drinking water,” Toby said motioning for the other two to follow him.

“I hope you know what you’re doing,” Anne said.

“Shut the fuck up and follow me,” Toby said walking back into the woods. “You can’t throw a dead chicken around here without hitting a farm.”

The three walked back into the woods and headed randomly to where the open areas led them keeping track of where they were going. No one had breadcrumbs to leave behind, but they had a general sense of where the river was and could always head back in that direction and from there find Toby’s beaver dam.

For a half hour they walked through the woods stepping on sticks, rocks and whatever could poke them in the feet. Lisa was getting hurt with every step and noticed her right foot was starting to bleed.

“I need to stop,” Lisa said looking at her feet.”

“What’s wrong?” Toby said, “We have a long way to go yet.”

“My foot is bleeding,” she replied lifting up her foot for Toby to see.

Anne spoke up, “If you’d let her wear clothes this wouldn't be a problem.”

Toby stepped over to Anne and backhanded her across the face. “Don’t sass me woman,” he said. “I might decide to snap your neck right here and leave you to rot. One less mouth to feed.”

“Oh yeah tough guy, still won’t fix the problem that Lisa is bleeding and can’t go on, you stupid fuck.”

Toby shook his head in anger. “Let me see that,” he said getting down on one knee. Lisa raised up her foot and Toby could see a good gash across the front pad of her foot next to her big toe. It was bleeding nonstop but not profusely. A good bandage could help, but no one had one. “Fuck,” Toby said.

“What?” Lisa asked.

“You might need stitches, or a good bandage.”

Anne stepped in close and took a look. “This is all your fault,” she said. “You fucking misogynistic pig. Keeping her naked for your own pleasure.”

“I lived all my life naked lady, this isn’t a big deal to me.”

“Then why are you wearing clothes?” Anne asked like a bitch.

“I don’t have to answer to you,” Toby said dropping Lisa’s foot and moving closer to Anne.

Anne stood her ground and didn’t back up. “Go for it asshole,” she said.

Toby cocked his hand back as to punch Anne in the face and hesitated. He looked over to Lisa who was starting to cry and back at Anne. He then put his hand back down. He then grabbed ahold of Anne’s shirt and tried to tear a piece off. He couldn’t.

“What are you doing?” Anne asked.

“I need to wrap her foot,” Toby replied.

Anne rolled her eyes and tore a long piece of her shirt from the bottom and handed it to Toby. “There you go,” she said as snarky as she could.

Toby took the cloth and walked back over to Lisa keeping an eye on Anne. He didn’t think she was going to run, he wanted to intimidate her. He then got back down on one knee and wrapped Lisa’s foot the best he could and tied it off.

Lisa put her foot down and bared weight on it.

“How’s that?” Toby asked. Then he felt a smack in the head and fell to the ground. Looking up he saw Anne holding a three foot long stick.

“Asshole,” Anne said.

“What are you doing mom?” Lisa asked.

“Teaching that fucking beaver a lesson,” Anne replied.

Toby tried to get up but was beat down by repeated strikes from the stick. It was heavy, and very effective. The last strike hit him in the ear and the sting sent Toby straight to the ground holding his head in agony.

“That had to hurt,” Anne said.

“You’re just going to piss him off!” Lisa yelled.

“He pissed me off,” Anne said waiting for Toby to try to get back up.

“He’s going to get up and kill you.”

Anne stepped in close and hit Toby a few more times in the head. By now he was bleeding and disoriented. Every time he tried to get up, he flopped back down losing his balance.

“What did you do?” Lisa asked.

“I hit him in the head a few times pretty well,” Anne said. “He might be down for good.”

“Now what are we going to do?” Lisa asked.

“Let’s get the hell out of here,” Anne said. She took Lisa by the hand and left Toby lying in his own blood on the ground. She kept the big stick in her hand. As fast as they could, they walked away from the river deeper into the woods minding Lisa’s bleeding foot. The woods looked the same in all directions and the further they went, the more lost they felt. All they knew was they had to put some distance between them and Toby.

Then they stopped when they heard a noise, a noise like a low humming engine. And then they smelled smoke, not like that of burning wood, but of burning oil. “Where is that coming from?” Lisa asked.

Both stood and listened close. Anne pointed to her left and said, “Over there,”

“Yeah, I think you’re right,” Lisa said and they two headed off in that direction. More woods and hills until they came to a clearing and saw a backhoe digging a hole along the side of a field. Smoke poured out of the machines exhaust and the motor hummed, only louder.

“Thank God!” Lisa said and took off as fast as she could towards the machine. It was like her foot didn’t hurt at all.





 26


Backhoe





Once Lisa got to the backhoe, she stopped in horror. She recognized the man operating as Paul, the man who captured her and Judd at the photo shoot. He must have been released from jail. She then noticed three bodies lying on the ground waiting to be buried. They made eye contact for a moment and the backhoe stopped. Paul jumped out and ran over to Lisa who was trying her best to run on an injured foot. Paul shoved her to the ground with a thud and came face to face with Anne.

“What the hell are you doing?” Anne yelled at Paul.

“Mom, watch out! This is the guy who kidnapped me and Judd!” Lisa yelled.

“What are you talking about?”

Paul spoke up, “Your girly here was taking naked pictures on my property. I had every right to lock her up,” Paul said.

“You’re mother forced Judd to jerk off into a cup!” Lisa yelled.

“She forced me too, you don’t see me bitching,” Paul replied.

“Where is momma?” Lisa asked. “Who are you burying?”

“Mama's dead, your asshole friend killed her,” Paul replied.

“Good, she needed to be dead, sadistic bitch, who’s on the ground over there?”

“Trespassers,” Paul replied. “Like you are, again!”

“You can’t go around abducting everyone that comes onto your property, there are laws about that kind of stuff.” Lisa said.

“All I know is that I need to dig a wider hole now, I got two more.”

“You aren’t going to get me twice asshole,” Lisa said.

Paul knew he left his gun in the cab of the backhoe. He hesitated and looked back, Lisa caught on right away and lunged at Paul grabbing him by his legs. She then shouted, “Mom, get his gun! Look in the driver’s seat!”

Anne took off and Paul tried to get away but Lisa’s grip was too tight. Anne ran to the backhoe, climbed up inside and grabbed Paul’s rifle. Back on the ground she ran over and pointed it at Paul and yelled, “Don’t move!”

Paul stopped trying to get free and let of Lisa, “You know how that works?” he asked.

Anne pointed the gun over Paul’s head and pulled on the trigger, nothing.

Paul smiled realizing that Anne had no clue the gun was on safety. He wasn’t going to tell her either. With a swift kick of his boot, he pushed Lisa away and stood back up. “What’s the problem lady? Don’t know how to shoot?”

Anne turned the gun looking at the stock and trigger guard trying to figure out why the gun didn’t work. It all looked like a mess to her and she didn’t understand what all the parts did. The gun was useless to her. But she wasn’t going to give it back to Paul.

Paul stepped in towards Anne, Anne backed up and took off running towards the woods leaving Lisa behind on the ground.

“Looks like your momma left you,” Paul said with a smile.

“My mom will be back fuck head!” Lisa yelled. “I’m not worried about that.”

Then an awkward silence as Anne did not return. Paul looked down at Lisa and said, “Where is she?”

Lisa looked over to the woods and saw only trees and grass. She didn’t have an answer.

“Stay there while I run you over,” Paul said. He walked back over to the back hoe and crawled into the cab. He put the machine in reverse and looked over his shoulder trying to line up with Lisa who was trying to get up. Once he had his heading, he popped the clutch and backed up hitting her with the shovel blade. That wasn’t his intention and it knocked her down allowing the wheels to pass on each side of her. “Fuck,” Paul said no longer able to see Lisa who was now underneath the machine. Now he’d have to get back out and pull her somewhere where he could get a better run at her.

But before he could open the door, he saw her taking off to his left towards the house. The backhoe could go about twenty five miles an hour on smooth ground, but this field was plowed with huge ruts that would bog him down. It was time to get back on his feet and run her down.

Then Paul heard the crack of a gunshot and turned around. It was Anne standing at the edge of the woods with a man holding a rifle. From the distance, it looked like the man had blood all over his face, but it was a blur as Paul took off running to save his own hide. He no longer cared about Lisa that shot was too close and he didn’t want to end up in the hold he had just dug.

“Did you hit him?” Anne asked Toby.

“I can’t see straight,” Toby replied.

“Try again!” Anne yelled.

“You try!” Toby yelled, “I got the safety off, now it’s up to you.”

Anne took the rifle and tried to line it up with Paul who was a good two hundred yards away by now. She squeezed off a shot and missed by a mile. “Fuck, I’ve never shot a rifle before.” She did see that Lisa was safe and that Paul was heading off in a different direction.

Together, they walked over to the bodies lying on the ground to see who they were. Neither one recognized them, they looked like





Ten minutes later, Lisa, Anne and Toby were at Paul’s house, Toby broke open the back door and they all entered inside. Lisa shuttered as she recalled being held hostage in this house and didn’t like the idea of being back. But they had to stay somewhere for now and this was the best they could find. At least there would be food and clean water. Then they heard the doorbell ring.

They all looked at each other wondering what to do, then they heard the sound of footsteps from the floor above and a door open. The thought they were thinking was that Paul was in the house answering the door. Toby moved over to the stairs and slowly made his way up to the main floor followed by Anne and Lisa who was holding the rifle. When Toby reached the top of the steps, he peered around the corner and saw Paul talking to the sheriff. Leaning against the wall, out of the sight of the sheriff was another rifle, or a shotgun, Toby didn’t know the difference.

“What’s going on?” Lisa asked from the middle of the stairs.

Toby put his hand up signaling for her to shut her hole. He was trying to listen in on the conversation between the sheriff and Paul. What he heard told him a whole new story.

“Paul, we’re looking for two men and a woman who’ve been reported missing,” the sheriff said to Paul. “They were sighted on your road this morning, did you see them?” the sheriff Axl Jackson asked.

“No, I didn’t see nobody,” Paul replied.

“Now you’re not fucking with me now are you? You’re the kind of redneck fuck that would mess with people like that.”

“I don’t think I like your tone sheriff,” Paul said.

“Let me be straight with you Paul, I never liked you, or your sick mother, I would be more than happy if a tornado swept in and took you, her and this whole fucked up farm to hell. Speaking of which, where is your mother?”

“She passed away in a car accident,” Paul lied knowing that Judd smashed her face into a countertop.

“Glad to hear it, how did you escape?”

“You son of a bitch,” Paul said. “What did we ever do to you?”

“Nothing to me personally, but I know your type, freaks that hide out in your bunkers, think the world’s after you, probably have a statue of Hitler in your living room.”

“You’re making a lot of assumptions sheriff,” Paul said.

“Where do you keep you statue of Hitler then?” the sheriff asked.

“Do you have a warrant?” Paul asked.

“Warrant for what?”

“To be on my property.”

“I don’t need a warrant to be on your property, I’m just here asking questions, why? Are you hiding something?”

The image of the three dead bodies in the back field popped into Paul’s mind. “No, I don’t.”

The sheriff looked at Paul’s facial expression and knew he was lying. Paul’s arms were crossed and he kept looking at the floor. “Mind if I take a look?” the sheriff asked.

“Yes I do,” Paul replied.

“Why? What will I find?”

“Nothing, my momma told me never to let anyone snoop around ever, this is my property, and we paid for it.”

“And it’s my job as sheriff to uphold the law,”

“Fucking government asshole,” Paul said. He was about ready to go for his gun but decided to play it cool.

“I’m on your side Paul, I don’t enforce some of the law, I enforce all the law, if you had a trespasser, and you’d call me, right? Then I’d come out and take care of that for you. I work for all taxpayers.”

“I take care of my own problems,” Paul said.

“What problems? Did you see those three out here? Did you take care of them?”

Paul looked at the sheriff and back at the ground, he shuffled in the doorway and shook his head no. “I don’t know what you’re talking about. I didn’t see anyone. Don’t you listen?”

“I do listen, and what I hear makes me think you’re hiding something. I think I’ll contact the judge about getting a search warrant and checking out your property,” the sheriff said.

“Under what cause? You can’t just make shit up!”

“You are very evasive, that is probable cause in my book, and I think the judge will agree with me.”

“Just because I don’t allow you to search my property? This is America, I have rights!” Paul snapped back.

“So do those three missing people, they have the right to be found. I think you know where they are, I think you might be holding them,” the sheriff said. He put his hand close to his sidearm.

“Do what you want sheriff,” Paul said sternly. “Nobody’s coming on my property period.”

From behind Paul, the sheriff saw a figure move. Spooked, the sheriff took out his pistol and pointed it at the man standing behind Paul. “Who is that?” the sheriff asked.

Paul turned around to see Toby standing behind him. In a panic, Paul reached for his gun, but before he could get to it, Toby pushed Paul out the door and into the sheriff. Toby grabbed the gun and tossed it back further into the room away from Paul’s reach.

Anne and Lisa came up behind Toby and Lisa handed him the rifle. “Grab that gun,” Toby said looking over to where he tossed it.

Then the sound of gunshots cracked from outside and Toby looked to see the sheriff shooting from the porch. It looked like Paul took off running and the sheriff was trying to mow him down. The sheriff then turned to Toby, pistol in hand and yelled, “Put down the gun!”

Toby dropped the rifle on the ground and put his hands up. Get out here on the porch! All of you!” the sheriff yelled.

Toby and the two women walked out onto the porch.

“On the ground, face down, hands behind your back!” the sheriff yelled.

The three complied and the sheriff called for backup on his radio. “Who the fuck are you?” the sheriff asked. “I’m looking for two men and one woman, not one man and two women.”

“I know who you’re looking for!” Anne yelled. “He killed them, they are in the field. He was going to bury them.”

“That fuck wad!” the sheriff yelled in an adrenaline fueled panic. “Who are you?’

Anne didn’t want to say anything, she was a fugitive and talking to the sheriff would land her right back in prison. But she was fucked anyway. “Anne Marie,” she said.

“Anne? I didn’t recognize you without your uniform on and your tit hanging out,” the sheriff said.

Toby said his name and then Lisa. The sheriff knew Lisa, she was the girl he was looking for way back when he entered the diner.

“Why are you naked?” the sheriff asked Lisa. “Are you still taking porn pictures out in the country?”

“No, I didn’t get a chance too, that fuck kidnapped me and Judd.”

“What kind of whore are you?” the sheriff asked. “I know your momma is gutter trash, but I thought maybe her kids would be different.”

“Fuck you,” Lisa said.

“Sorry, I don’t have fifty bucks,” the sheriff replied.





 27


Booby-trap





The smell of smoke filled the air and pops and bangs could be heard from behind the house. The sheriff knew something was up and backed off the porch keeping his pistol pointed at the three laying on their faces.

“What’s going on?” Anne asked in a panic.

“Get up!” the sheriff yelled, “Get away from the house now!”

The three stood up and took off down the steps tripping over each other to get away from what seemed like a burning house. The smoke now poured out the front door and more popping sounds could be heard. Then a crack of a rifle and Anne hit the ground. There was no time to stop, the house was now burning with flames shooting out of the windows and holes that seemed to burst from the roof.

“It’s booby-trapped!” the sheriff yelled. “The house has bombs in it, get back to the road!” he yelled.

Toby stopped and kneeled down to check on Anne, she had a gunshot to the side of her head that trickled a small amount of blood onto the ground. She was motionless and looking vacantly at the open field. Toby knew Paul was going to pick them off one by one.

Lisa ran to the road and looked back wondering why nobody followed her, then she saw her mother lying on the ground with Toby running from her. “What’s wrong with mom?” she yelled.

“She’s been shot! Get to the sheriff’s truck and get inside!” Toby yelled.

More shots from the rifle cracked in the air and the smoke was thick like paint. Neither Toby nor Lisa could see where the sheriff was and felt like sitting ducks, but the metal of the cab gave them some sense of relief, although a high power rifle round would slice through the cab like it wasn’t there.

“We have to get the fuck out of here!” Lisa yelled.

Toby looked at the ignition and saw no keys. “He has the keys, we can’t go anywhere,” he replied.

“Find the sheriff, get the keys!” she yelled.

Then she heard the sound of glass breaking and saw a spot in the windshield where a bullet passed through. Then another. She huddled down into her seat and waited for the next shot. Toby didn’t want to wait, he got out of the truck and ran back to where he had last seen the sheriff. Lying on the ground, with one shot to the chest, Sheriff Axl Jackson lie wounded.

“Help me!” the sheriff pleaded.

“Give me your keys,” Toby said holding out his hand. “I’ll get help.”

“I called for backup already, get me away from here,” the sheriff said.

Toby had no intention of dragging the sheriff across the ground leaving himself exposed. All he wanted was his keys, so he bent down and dug through his pockets.

“What are you doing?” the sheriff asked pushing Toby away.

Toby placed his knee on the sheriff’s arm, keeping him from grabbing him and found his keys in his right pants pocket. Once he had them, he stood up and ran back to the truck. Then he heard a rifle crack and expected to be hit, but nothing. The shot motivated him more and he sprinted back to the truck where he found Lisa lying with a bullet wound to her right shoulder.

“Are you alright?” Toby asked.

Lisa leaned up in her seat and said, “Did you get the keys?”

“Yes.”

“Get us the fuck out of here!” she yelled and laid back down.

Toby started the truck and pulled away leaving the burning house behind him. In the distance he could hear the sounds of sirens and knew help was on the way, but now he was driving a stolen sheriff’s vehicle and left a wounded man behind to die. As soon as the first turn came up, Toby made a right and sped off away from town so he wouldn’t cross paths with the emergency vehicles responding to the sheriff’s call.

“Where are you going?” Lisa asked.

“Anywhere but back to town, we need to get back to my beaver dam,” Toby replied.

“I need to get to a hospital!”

“I just left a man to die, I’m not going to run to town so they can lock me up.” Toby looked at Lisa’s wound. “You’re not bleeding that bad, you’ll live.”

“I can’t live with a bullet in me, it’ll get infected,” Lisa plead.

Toby continued down the road in the direction of the river. Once there he could abandon the truck and follow the river back home.

“Did you hear me?”

Toby slammed on the breaks and stopped the truck on the gravel road. “Get out!” he yelled.

Lisa didn’t move.

“If you want to go so bad, get out now!”

“Why can’t you take me?”

“I told you, you stupid bitch, now get out of shut the fuck up. Make up your mind because I’m going in ten seconds.”

Lisa looked at Toby and grit her teeth, she was pissed but she wasn’t about to walk back to the house. Or was she? She decided it was best to leave and get help so she grabbed the door handle and before she could move it, Toby took off spinning his tires heading back down the gravel road.

“What are you doing?” she asked.

“I didn’t think you’d go,” Toby replied.

“Stop the truck now!”

Toby ignored Lisa and continued down the road at a speed way too fast for the conditions. Hills and gravel out in the country can spell disaster.





Four hours later, Toby and Lisa were back at the beaver dam. They had abandon the truck at the bridge and waded down the river. Lisa made sure she kept her open wound from touching the filthy river water. At the dam, Lisa sat on the bank while Toby found his magic box.

“What are you doing with that?” she asked.

“This thing has power, I need to figure out how to use it,” Toby replied.

“It’s just a box with a dead baby inside, it’s not magic.

Toby pulled the skull out and held it in his hand. He examined the face and turned it around looking for anything unusual. It was small, but not misshapen or odd in anyway. He poured the rest of the bones into the lid making sure he didn’t spill any on the ground. The business card was still there, but otherwise there was nothing else. “Fuck,” he said shaking his head.

“What’s on the bottom of the box?” Lisa said. She could see the bottom when Toby set the box on the ground.

Toby picked up the box and saw writing. It was one sentence in the form of a riddle. “To unlock my power, name three things that have eyes yet cannot see,” he read aloud.

“A needle,” Lisa said.

“What else?” Toby asked.

“Potatoes have eyes,” Lisa replied.

“I need one more.”

Both Toby and Lisa sat on the river bank racking their brains trying to think of a third answer. Neither one could think of anything. “A blind person?” Toby asked. He was sure he was right and waited for the power of the box to be unleashed, but nothing. “That’s a valid answer,” he said.

“Obviously the box disagrees,” Lisa replied. “I don’t think the question is about literal eyes, it has to be something that is called an “eye.”

“I’m hungry,” Toby said. “We need to find some food and water, fuck, we’re right back where we started from, without your mother of course.”

“Yeah, thanks for bringing that up, I’m sure you’re glad she’s gone, one less mouth to feed,” Lisa said.

“Hey, I didn’t kill her, that crazy farmer fuck did. Hey that reminds me, I wonder if he had a water jug or some food in that backhoe.”

“Probably full of chewing tobacco if there is,” Lisa said.

“Better than dying of dehydration.”

“I’m in no mood to walk back to the farmhouse and see those dead bodies on the ground. Plus, he’s still on the loose.”

Toby leaned back on his hands and looked up at the late afternoon sky. “Gonna be dark soon,” he said. “Looks like it might storm.”

Lisa did one of those double takes like a chicken cocking its head. “Did you say storm?”

“Yeah, why?”

“That’s the answer, a storm. Storms have eyes,” Lisa said.

Toby sad back up and picked up the box. He dumped the skeleton back in the box and put the lid back on. “Let me try this. Box, the answer to your riddle is needle, potato and storm.” He waited for the magic and again nothing happened. Pissed, he put the box back down and crossed his arms, but before he could get too far, Lisa noticed something.

“Look at your hand,” She said. “The one that was holding the box.”

Toby looked at his hand and saw long hairs sticking out, long hairs like he had when he was a beaver. “What the hell?” he said looking at his hand. “What’s going on?” he asked.

“You’re turning back into a beaver,” Lisa said. “It’s running down your arm now.”

Toby watched as his arm transformed from human into beaver, hairs grew and his arm grew smaller. With every second he became less human and more a wood eating water based rodent. “No, I liked be human, I don’t want to change back,” he said to his dismay.

In less than five minutes, Toby was totally transformed back into a furry little beaver with two buck teeth for cutting wood. The clothes he was wearing were now laying on the ground next to him. He was in shock and pissed as hell.

“Are you alright?” Lisa asked.

“I’m fine, just very disappointed,” Toby replied. “He looked over at Lisa and saw that her wound was gone, not healed, gone. “Look at your shoulder,” he said.

Lisa looked at where the bullet hit and saw there wound was gone. “I’m healed! The magic box worked!”

Then they heard a familiar voice reply from the edge of the woods, “Thought you could get away?” Paul said.

Both Toby and Lisa looked over and saw Paul standing at the edge of the woods holding a rifle.

“Where’s your friend?” Paul asked.

Lisa looked at Toby and back to Paul. “He left me, ran off,” she replied.

“Chicken shit,” Paul said. “Whose clothes are those?” he asked.

“I don’t know, there were here when I got here,” Lisa replied.

Paul raised his rifle and pointed it at Toby, “Looks like I have lunch figured out,” and took a shot missing Toby by inches. Toby scurried as fast as he could to the river bank and dove in as Paul took two more shots that missed. “Fuck, my sights need adjustment bad,” he said.

For what seemed a long moment, both Paul and Lisa had an awkward silence as neither knew what to say to the other. They didn’t think they’d see each other again.

Then Lisa spoke up. “Now what?” she asked.

“Don’t know, need to think about it for a while, the sheriff’s deputies and the state patrol are out looking for me, so I can’t stay too long, but maybe I rape the shit out of you for the fun of it.”

Lisa crossed her arms and legs giving Paul the idea she was off limits and wasn’t going to let him have his way easy. “How are you going to do that holding the rifle? Do you think I’m going to let you rape me willingly?”

“I could put a few holes in you first, make it hard to fight back, then when I’m done, shoot you in the head and toss you in the river,” Paul replied.

“What a pathetic fuck,” Lisa said.

“Yeah, you run around naked all the time, you must be some sort of whore anyway, I bet you like getting fucked all the time,” Paul said.

“Are you saying I’m asking for it because of how I look?”

“A whore is a whore, just like your momma,” Paul replied.





 28


Bacon





Paul stepped over to Lisa and stood above her with his rifle pointed at her foot. “Couple in the leg should keep you from getting away,” he said. But before he could pull off a shot, Lisa grabbed the magic box and threw it at Paul. It hit him and fell to the ground intact. “What was that?” he asked laughing. “Was that supposed to hurt?”

Lisa was disappointed, she expected the box to do something to Paul, but he continued to stand over her with the rifle. She reached over and picked up the box and turned it over to the bottom to read the riddle again. This time it had changed. Now it asked, “What is black and white and red all over, “She replied out loud, “A sunburn penguin,” and tossed the box at Paul. He immediately caught fire and began to burn to a crisp while Lisa watched. In less than thirty seconds Paul was an ash on the ground with a rifle laying near.

“Nice,” Toby said from the river. His head was above water watching what was going on.

Lisa turned to Toby and stood up. She walked over to the river and stood with her hands on her hips like she was about to explode. “I am so sick of this shit! I just want to go home and have a normal life,” she said.

“Sorry honey, you can head back whenever you want, I’m a beaver again and I can live here like I used to.”

“No! You are going to help me! I’m twenty miles from home, still naked, and starving. I haven’t had a shower in days, or a drink of water and I’m about to pass out of sheer exhaustion.”

“There are a shitload of cops out there looking for the asshole you just torched. Go find one, they’ll take you home,” Toby said. “And you can put on my clothes, I don’t need them anymore.”

Lisa looked at the shirt and pants lying on the ground. They were way too big and filthy, by now she was used to running around with no clothes on and the idea of wearing Toby’s old shirt and pants grossed her out. “No thanks,” she said and stepped into the river.

“It’s gonna be dark soon, you need a place to sleep,” Toby said.

“Can I fit in there?” she asked looking at the beaver dam.

“No, you’ll have to sleep on the bank, it gets pretty cold out at night. You better find something to cover up with.”

“What I need is a fire,” Lisa said.

“And every cop will be here, if that’s what you want.”

“I don’t know if that’s what I want or not,” she replied. “On one hand I want to go back, but I know once I do my life will be on display, probably have reporters and cops bothering me constantly.”

“You wanted to be a star right? This all started when you were going for a photo shoot. Why not milk it? Use the publicity.”

Lisa thought Toby may be onto something, but there was one problem. “I never got any pictures taken, I have nothing to publicize.”

“You can shoot pictures afterwards,” Toby said.

“By then nobody will care.”

“Well, I don’t have a camera so you’re shit out of luck,” Toby said.

“I’m going to at least stay the night here before I make any decisions. And I will need a fire, I’m not freezing my ass off,” Lisa said.

“You hiding a lighter?”

“No.”

“Ever build a fire from scratch before?”

“No.”

“Then tell me how you plan to start a fire,” Toby asked.

“I guess I’m not,” Lisa said.

“Then use my clothes as a blanket.”

Lisa stepped back up onto the river bank and picked up Toby’s clothes. They smelled like week old sweat. “These are so fucking gross,” she said.

“Keep you warm, better to be alive than pretty.”

“I have a better idea,” Lisa said. “Let’s go back to Lancaster.”

Toby swam around on his back for a while before answering. “You want to go back down that death tube?”

“Not really, but at least there they don’t know me and I can start over. They were less judgmental there.”

“The grass isn’t greener on the other side, and you couldn’t wait to get back to Sparksville, remember? You sold me out just to get away.”

“I remember,” Lisa said.

“You have to make the best of where you are, not run away when things get shitty,” Toby said.

“My mom’s gone, and I don’t have anything to keep me here,” Lisa said.

“Do you plan to become a famous model in Lancaster? You could do that here if you put some effort into it.”

“I’m not sure I want to be a model anymore.”

“Doesn’t matter, spend the night, get cleaned up and go home.”

“I probably don’t have a home to go to, I haven’t been to work in a week, probably don’t have a job anymore and can’t pay my rent. I’m basically homeless.”

“Well, I’ve heard of people being raised by wolves in the jungle, I guess you can live in the woods with a beaver,” Toby said.





The next morning Lisa woke to the smell of bacon. There was a fire and a jug of clean water. She looked to see Toby cooking and stirring a pot of beans. “Where did this come from?” Lisa asked.

“Went back to the house and stole it. It was hard, the fire marshal was still out there investigating,” Toby said.

Lisa crawled over and took some bacon off the stick it was hanging from. She ate it quickly and took another till they were all gone. “Don’t bother heating the beans, I like them cold,” she said. For the next twenty minutes, Lisa ate till she was full and licked the bean juice out of the can. She downed a quart of clean water and felt better than she had in days. “Was that really bacon? Or did you cut a chunk off of Paul?” she asked with a smile. She was joking, but in the back of her mind maybe she was right. She looked to Toby to be reassured, he ignored her and chewed on a stick.

“I miss sticks.” Toby said. “You’re human food tastes like oil and shit.”

“Thanks for getting this,” she said.

“Didn’t want you to die out here, don’t want your rotting carcass smelling up the place,” Toby replied.

“That’s so special,” she said with a wink. “Did you happen to find any clothes while you were gone?” Lisa asked.

“No, I like you naked,” Toby replied.

“Why?”

“I’m naked, so you should be too.”

“That’s nature, you’re supposed to be naked,” Lisa said.

“If you were supposed to wear clothes, you’d be born with clothes.”

“I think you like what you see,” Lisa said.

Toby took a look at Lisa and replied, “You have flabby tits and funny shaped nipples. You’re snatch looks like a clam, and overall you look like an ape that shaved.”

“You look like something I took out of a rat trap once, only bigger,” Lisa replied with a smile.

“You’d be better off as a beaver, I don’t have a job, I live in a nice beaver dam, I don’t have to shop for clothes and I eat all the bark I can find.”

“Although I admire your woodsy outdoors attitude, I don’t think bark would taste very good, and from watching you, it looks like it takes an hour to chew,” Lisa said.

“The best kind does, the dry crusty stuff falls apart and usually tastes like termite shit,” Toby replied.

Lisa sat up and looked at the river. “Now what?” she asked.

“What do you mean?”

“I can’t live on stolen bacon forever, I need a plan.”

“I thought we discussed this,” Toby said spitting out a bug.

“We did, and I decided I want to go back to Lancaster and start fresh.”

Toby shook his head. “Have fun with that.”

“You’re coming with me,” she said.

“Sorry, I got what I need here, last thing I need is some stupid woman dragging me into a hole and upsetting my life again.”

“What can I do to change your mind?” Lisa asked.

“If I had nothing else to live for I guess I’d go,” Toby said.

Lisa reached over and grabbed a burning stick from the fire and tossed it onto Toby’s beaver dam. It sparked and smoked and fell in between the other sticks. “There you go, you won’t have any place to live in about an hour.”

Toby swam over to his dam and splashed water with his tail onto the dam until the smoke stopped. “No, got to do better than that,” he said. “Plus, I could rebuild my dam in a week.”

“I’ll pick you up and take you with me,” she said.

“I got claws now bitch, try it,” Toby said with a grin.

“Fuck! I can’t stay here and you won’t go with me, what the hell am I supposed to do?” Lisa asked.

“You’re shit out of luck girlfriend,” Toby said. “You might want to start building a shelter and looking for food.”

Lisa picked up the magic box and had an idea, “I bet this does more than just fix people and turn them back into beavers.”

“Like what?” Toby said swimming on his back.

“Like grant wishes.”

“I doubt it,” Toby said. “It’s not a genie, you can’t just rub it and get what you want.”

“I’ve rubbed lots of things and got what I wanted,” Lisa laughed.

“I bet that joke goes over well at the whore house.”

Lisa took that comment badly. “Fuck you,” She said and rubbed the box. “I wish that Toby would be my slave and do whatever I ask,” she said.

Toby continued to swim.

It was a longshot, but Lisa had to give it a try so she tried it out. “Toby, come up here and get a burning stick and light your dam on fire,” she said.

Without hesitation, Toby swam out of the water and did as she commanded. He picked up a burning stick and tossed it on a dry spot and waited for the whole pile of wood to light up. It took about twenty minutes, but once lit, it burned hot and quick. In less than an hour, the entire dam was burned to the water’s edge.

“Why did I do that?” Toby asked looking at the pile of ashes floating down the river.

“Because I commanded you,” Lisa said still holding the magic box.

“What else can it do? Make you a house? Get you some new clothes?” Toby asked.

“I think it only works on living things, not objects,” Lisa said.

“Try it,” Toby said.

Lisa rubbed the box and said, “I want some clean clothes.” Nothing happened. “I want a place to live,” she said. Still nothing.

“Maybe you said it wrong,” Toby said.

Lisa reworded it, “I wish I had clean clothes.” Nothing happened. “I wish Toby would rub my feet,” she said and Toby waddled over and rubbed her feet. “Yeah, doesn’t work on objects, just living things.”

“I don’t think I should be rubbing your feet, you still have a nasty wound,” Toby said.

Lisa grabbed the box and said, “I wish my foot was healed,” and instantly her foot was healed.

“Better than the hospital, and no charge,” Toby said. “Is there anything else I can do for you?” Toby asked.

“Yeah, get ready to leave this shit hole.”





 29


Waterbed





Lisa broke the surface of the swimming pool followed by Toby to find a large man floating on a Styrofoam lounger near the edge. The man was sipping on a drink and was resting in the shade of the umbrella propped up above him attached to the lounger. Up on the edge of the pool, on the cement was a fat woman in a one piece swimming suit reading a book. Walking along the edge was a butler wearing a tuxedo carrying a tray of snacks back to the house.

“Looks like we have company this time,” Toby said.

Lisa swam to the edge farthest from the man in the floating lounger and got out of the pool followed by Toby. She didn’t know if anyone saw her till she heard a woman's voice call out, “Excuse me, this is a private pool.”

Lisa turned to see the woman with the book looking at her. “Shit,” She said under her breath and tried to play it off like it was no big deal. “Sorry, we won’t do it again,” she said.

“We? Who’s we?” the woman asked.

“Me and my beaver,” Lisa said pointing to Toby who was now walking around the pool edge on the hot concrete.

“You let a rat in my pool?” the woman asked in an outrage. “Henry, get your gun and shoot that rat!” she said.

“No!” He’s not a rat, he’s my friend,” Lisa said.

“You have a rat as a pet? What kind of riff raff are you?”

Lisa walked over to the woman, water dripping from her nude body in the sun. The closer she got, the more interested the woman became. “You do realize there is a cave that leads to your pool don’t you? I can’t be the first person to come through here.”

“No, I had no idea. Henry, did you know about a cave in our pool?” she asked.

Henry, a gross, fat and bald man replied, “No dear.”

“Doesn’t matter anyway, this is my pool and you can’t swim in it without my permission. And under no circumstance can you let your pet rat swim in it either.”

Toby stepped over to the woman, mindful of the hot concrete and stopped in the shade she made. “I’m not a rat, I’m a beaver,” he said.

The woman looked at Toby like he was a freak. “A beaver?” she asked. “Shouldn’t you be in the woods cutting down trees or whatever beavers do?”

“I was about five minutes ago, then we got in the river, got sucked into the cave and got shit out here in your pool.”

“That’s quite the story,” the woman said. “If that’s so, what are you planning to do now?”

“I’d like to go find that witch that cut off my tail and made me into stew,” Toby replied.

The woman looked at Toby’s backside and said, “You have a tail.”

“I know, long story.”

“And you?” the woman asked Lisa.

“I don’t know yet, I want to be a model, but for now I just need a job.”

“A job? Huh, I might be able to help you out with that. Henry, can I hire this girl? We need a maid.”

Henry hated his wife, she spent his money like it was water. But he always gave in because not giving in was far worse. “Sure, anything for my dear wife.”

“Would you like a job as a maid?” the woman asked.

Lisa was put on the spot, but it did save her the trouble of finding clothes and going out job hunting. “Sure, how much does it pay?”

“I can pay you one fifty a week, you can stay in the downstairs bedroom. The rat has to sleep out in back.”

“He’s a beaver,” Lisa said.

“Fine, he’s a beaver, he can stay if he keeps up the yard and pool.”

Toby spoke up, “Do I get one fifty a week too?”

“No, you get to not have me call animal control on you,” the woman asked.

“That’s a nice offer,” Lisa said, “May I ask your name?”

“Theresa,” Theresa replied. Theresa and Henry Snow. Let me show you your room and what you’ll be doing.”

Theresa rolled off her pool lounger like a fat cow. She needed a lift but somehow managed to get her cellulite in an upright position and walk to the house. Once inside she took Lisa downstairs to her room and showed her where she’d be sleeping. “This room is where our last hired girl lived, she left three months ago.”

“Why?” Lisa asked.

“Got knocked up by the gardener, that’s why your rat will be mowing the lawn from now on. She left her uniform, I think it should fit you, what is your shoe size?”

“Eight, nine sometimes,” Lisa replied.

Theresa pulled open the closet door and bend over scooping up a pair of black four inch heels. She looked at the writing on the inside and said, “Eight, perfect.” and handed them to Lisa.

“She worked in these?” Lisa asked.

“Yes, and look in the dresser,” Theresa said.

Lisa walked over to the dresser and pulled open the top drawer, all she found was a pile of thigh high panty hose on one side and a few pair of garters on the other. She pulled open the other drawers and found nothing. “Where are the clothes?” Lisa asked.

“That’s it, heels, stockings and garters, that’s the uniform,” Theresa replied. “On nights we have guests, there is a head band is it in there?”

Lisa pushed the garters and stockings around, “No,” she replied. “I’ll give you some money to get a few new ones.”

“Wait, you expect me to work in this? My feet will kill me,” Lisa said.

“The job’s not hard, all you have to do is some light housekeeping, dust and maybe take out the garbage, the butler does the rest.”

“I don’t get it, what am I here for?” Lisa asked.

“Mostly eye candy, we like to impress our friends and having a maid does that.”

“I get the feeling there is more to the job than you’re letting on,” Lisa said.

“Well, I like the eye candy as well,” Theresa replied.

“Am I thinking what I think I’m thinking?”

“What?”

“That I’m going to end up a private pay live in prostitute?”

“I was hoping to get into that later on, but since you brought it up, yes.”

“And this room is where all the magic is supposed to happen?”

“Oh no, I have a room set aside for that,” Theresa said moving in close to Lisa. Lisa backed up and her calves hit the bed. Theresa gently pushed her back onto the bed and put a knee on the edge moving down on top of the new maid. At first Lisa was sure she’d be crushed, but the bed turned out to be a waterbed and Theresa’s weight didn't seem all that crushing as she laid down on top of her. “Do you know how long it’s been since I’ve been with a girl?” Theresa asked.

Lisa shook her head no.

Theresa licked Lisa’s neck and replied, “Damn too long and went in for an open mouth kiss. Lisa took the kiss and put her tongue in her new boss’s mouth and played with her tongue. At first she thought she’s be grossed out but found making out with her boss exciting. The more the two kissed, the more the bed bounced around and Lisa found herself pulling Theresa’s swimming suit off rolling her back and forth. In a few minutes, both women were nude with Theresa sucking on Lisa’s neck, fingering her between her legs.

“You like that?” Theresa asked.

Lisa put her hand on her bosses hand and pushed her fingers in deeper. “Move them around more,” Lisa said dripping wet.

“You are such a dirty girl,” Theresa said.

“Shut up and kiss me,” Lisa said and lip locked Theresa squeezing a huge boob.

For the next ten minutes, Theresa masturbated Lisa as the two made out, then Theresa changed positions and got on her back. “I want you to eat me, and I want to taste that wet pussy of yours,” she said.

Lisa turned around and laid the opposite way of her boss and rested her full weight on top of her. Theresa spread her legs and Lisa lapped at Theresa’s pussy like it was a lollypop. Theresa did the same to her. Now in ecstasy, the woman licked each other until they both blew their wads and dripped all over the bed with pussy juice. It was then that Lisa realized she’d have to do laundry. She raised her head and asked, “Is laundry my job or the butler’s job?”

“The butler does all the laundry, he knows how to get cum stains out of the sheets,” Theresa replied.

Lisa rolled off her boss and asked, “Where’s my shower?”

“Your shower is just past your bedroom door to the left, I had it installed just for the help. It’s extra wide if you know what I mean,” Theresa said with a smile.

“Do you know where Toby went?” Lisa asked.

“No, but he better not be in the house, if I catch that shedding little rat anywhere inside, he’ll be dead.”

“No need to be hostile, he’s very nice, college educated, probably could do more than yard work if you gave him a chance,” Lisa said.

“Like what?”

“Balance your checkbook, do your taxes, stuff like that,” Lisa replied.

“We’ll start with him fishing the leaves out of the pool and weeding the flowers. I’m not sure he’s tall enough to run the mower, his legs might not reach the pedals.”





Outside, Toby was watching Lisa and Theresa from the window that shown into the bedroom. He watched them go at each other and got a little beaver woody. He turned to Henry who had now floated to his end of the pool. “Did you know your wife was a lesbian?” Toby asked.

Henry looked at Toby and noticed his little beaver hard on. “I hope that isn’t for me,” Henry replied.

“No, I just watched your wife sixty nine my friend for a half hour in the basement bedroom. Are you cool with that?” Toby asked.

“Yeah, I get mine of the side too,” Henry replied sipping on his drink.

“You going to fuck Lisa?”

“No, my wife has her own, I have my own, I fuck the butler,” Henry said.

“The butler?” Toby asked.

“Yeah, I like dick,” Henry said. “Me and Charles have been butt ramming each other for years. He knows how I like it.”

“That’s fucking gross,” Toby said.

“I agree, it really is, but when you’re in the middle of pumping that fine ass, you forget how gross it is and go for gold, plus I keep his prostate in good condition. Not a bad bonus for a man his age.”

“How old is he?” Toby asked.

“I’d say seventy five,” Henry replied.

“How old was he when you hired him?”

“I think he was in his forties back then.”

“So you’ve been butt fucking your butler for thirty-five years?”

“I’m no Stephen Hawkings, but I think your math is correct,” Henry replied.

“So your marriage has been some sort of scam this whole time?”

“You stupid rat, marriage isn’t all sex, I love my wife dearly, I just find her grotesque when it comes to sex. She’s fat, and I mean fat, and her privates look like a greasy taco. I can’t eat Mexican food just for that reason.”

“I see, so do you have a place I can sleep? Is there a shed or something out here?” Toby asked.

“Yes, behind the trees you’ll find a building full of lawn and pool equipment, you can make a bed in there.”

“Thanks, I’ll go check it out.”

“That’s a fine idea, Charles is due to come suck me off in ten minutes, it might be best if you weren’t here.”





 30


Studio





Later that day Lisa and Toby went down to the mini mall to buy the head band Theresa wanted for the maid uniform. On the way they came across a portrait studio and took a look at the pictures in the window.

“These are so pretty,” Lisa said. “I want to be a model damn it, I’ll never get to live my dreams.”

Toby wasn’t as impressed, he didn’t think human women were that good looking. “Don’t bother, it’s all a scam anyway,” he said.

“I want to go in.”

“Why?”

“To see how much it costs to get pictures done,” Lisa replied.

“No, let’s go, we have better things to do,” Toby said like a baby.

Lisa opened the door and stepped inside, Toby ran up and followed before the door slammed and kept him out. The inside of the shop had pictures all over the walls of babies, weddings, family portraits and models. Sitting behind the counter was a fat guy in a white t-shirt looking at a magazine smoking an e cigarette.

“Hello?” Lisa said to the man getting his attention.

“What can I do for you?” he asked looking at the naked girl across the counter.

“I was thinking about getting some modeling pictures done and wanted to know how much that would cost.”

“Prices are on the wall over there,” he said pointing to the wall to his right. “Most of the women I shoot don’t get naked until they book a shoot.”

“Oh, I seem to always be nude, it’s good for an overall tan,” Lisa said walking over to the poster with the prices listed. She was very disappointed to see how expensive it was to hire a professional photographer. “Do you give discounts, or take coupons?” she asked.

“Sorry, price is what’s listed, rent at this mall is outrageous,” he replied. “Takes me half a month just to pay my bills before I see anything for myself.”

“It would take me three months to earn enough to hire you, do you have a smaller package deal?”

“Like what?” he asked.

“Like instead of fifty proofs I get twenty five, and you don’t have to edit them.”

The photographer looked at Lisa and scanned her up and down. “You’ll want editing, you got some nasty acne around your coochie, and you really need to shave, hairy pussy is out these days, this isn’t the seventies.”

Toby spoke up from the door, “Let’s go, I can shoot you sometime, just borrow a camera from your boss.”

“Who let the rat in my shop?” the photographer asked.

“He’s not a rat, he’s my beaver, and he’s trying to take care of me,” Lisa said.

“Yeah, anybody can take a picture, I’ll grant you that, but not everyone can create magic with a lens, that’s where you need someone with talent and experience.”

Lisa looked at Toby and shook her head. “Told you so.”

“Plus you don’t want every picture to look like it was taken by a two year old, he can’t be more than a foot and a half tall,” the photographer said.

“I wish Judd were here, he was going to do the shoot for free,” Lisa said.

“Is this Judd a friend of yours?”

“Yeah, real talented, he did it as a hobby.”

Toby spoke up again, “Let’s go, we have a head band thingy to buy and you don’t have any money.”

“He’s right, I’m broke right now, just started a new job today.”

“Yeah, where at?”

“I’m a private maid for a couple in town,” Lisa explained.

“May I ask who they are?”

“The wife’s name is Theresa and her husband is Henry, I never did get their last name.”

“Snow,” the photographer said. “I shot their daughter’s wedding twenty years ago. Rich old coots.”

“They did seem to have a lot of money.”

“Is he still butt fucking the help?” the photographer asked with a smile.

Toby spoke up, “Yes.”

“Yeah, that was an interesting shoot, he got drunk and they found him screwing the butler in the kitchen. I’ll never forget that,” the photographer said. “So you work for them huh?”

“You make it sound like a bad thing,” Lisa said.

“Oh no, probably a pretty good job, are you living in the house?”

“Yes, in the basement.”

“I heard the wife likes pretty girls, no wonder they hired you.”

“If you think I’m so pretty why don’t you shoot me for free?” Lisa asked.

“I like your style, I might just do that.”

“I have time now,” Lisa said. “You don’t seem too busy.”

“I have a three o’clock coming in, in a half hour, the shoot will take at least ninety minutes, I have a makeup and hair girl do work all my model shoots.”

“What about tomorrow?” Lisa asked.

“I won’t shoot for free, but I will make you a deal, how does that sound?”

“I suppose you want me to fuck you too?”

“If you want, but that wasn’t the deal I was going to make.”

“What’s your idea?”

“I want you to get your boss to agree to let me shoot at the country club they belong too. They have a lot of high priced snobs there and I want to get some better paying clientele,” the photographer said.

“How do I do that? I don’t even know they are members that would sound kind of pretentious of me.”

“Toby spoke up again, “Let’s go before her gets you fired.”

“No, all you have to do is tell them I’m shooting your model pictures and you want them shot out at the country club.”

“Why would I want that?” Lisa asked.

“The grass, the trees, they have three lakes and the best backdrops to shoot anywhere.”

“I think I should wait until I get to know them better, they might think it’s odd that I ask right away.”

“Hell, tell them the truth, tell them you met a photographer and asked about modeling shots and agreed to do them for free for access to the country club.”

“But I’m not a member, they are,” Lisa pleaded. “I can’t give you permission.”

The photographer took a deep breath and let out. He was frustrated and didn’t know what else to say. “In that case, you’ll have to pay full list price, sorry.”

“Can you at least to a few test shots today? So I can show them I’m serious?” Lisa asked.

“Sure, but you need to clean up your crotch, I can Photoshop a lot of stuff, but not a patch of hair like that. And I’ll have to call in Cathy.”

“I can do my own makeup and hair, do you have a station set up here?”

“In the back,” the photographer said. “Light switch is on the right.”

Lisa stepped in the back and turned on the light, Toby scampered up on a stool next to her. She turned on the makeup table light and looked at what she had to work with. First she needed a razor, there was none. Frustrated she called out, “Where can I get a razor?”

The photographer came around the corner and said, “There’s a drugstore three stores down.”

Lisa looked to Toby, “Can you go buy me a razor?” she asked.

“Nobody’s going to sell a razor to a beaver, plus these doors are too hard for me to open. And, she only gave you enough money to buy a hair thingy.”

Frustrated, Lisa laid her head down on the makeup table and began to sob. All she ever wanted was to model and she couldn’t even get a razor to shave her hairy snatch. “I give up,” she said and stood up. “Let’s go,” she said and walked back into the main lobby.

“Where are you going?” the photographer asked.

“I got to buy that fucking head thing, she only gave me ten bucks, I can’t do the shoot, I’m sorry,” she said with a tear in her eye.

“You have plenty of time, just come back when you have the money, she’s paying you to be a maid right?”

Lisa nodded yes.

“When you get paid, come back shaved and ready to shoot, I’ll still be here, I’ve been here in this location for twelve years and I don’t plan on leaving anytime soon.”

“Alright,” Lisa said and headed to the door. She looked down at Toby and said, “Let’s go, we have to buy that stupid fucking head band.”

Lisa and Toby left the photo shop and headed down the sidewalk looking at the stores as she went along. She was supposed to stop at the lingerie store to buy the headband. Then she saw something else, a sex store, the kind that sold dirty movies and sex toys.

“What are you looking at?” Toby asked.

“Look over there, at that store, I want to go in and look around,” Lisa said.

“No, we don’t have enough money to be buying any shit today, let’s get the headband and go back.”

“I don’t start work till tomorrow, I have time,” Lisa said and walked across the street to the sex store. On the outside were large pictures of half-naked women all seeming to be in mid orgasm. They were wearing more than she was. Lisa let Toby in first and they entered the store like a kid in a candy shop. Lisa expected the place to be filled with horny men looking to get off on sex magazines for free, what she saw was two women at the dildo rack having a conversation and another woman looking at a corset.

“This is awesome,” she said.

“Might as well be a hardware store to me, let’s go back, I need to sharpen the lawn mower blades,” Toby said.

Lisa walked over to the lube section and picked up a bottle. “Warms as you touch,” she read. “Cherry flavor.” She spied another bottle that said chocolate and a different brand that had a spray tip.

“What are those?” Toby asked.

“Says flavored lubricant,” Lisa replied.

“Why would anyone need to flavor lube?”

“Some women don’t clean well, they taste bad,” Lisa replied.

“Wouldn’t it be cheaper to take a shower than buy this shit?”

Lisa put down the lube and walked over to a wall with various sex toys hanging from pegs. One was a rubber ass with a realistic pussy. Package said, “twenty pounds of real feel.” Next to that on a pedestal was a computer display playing a demo loop on a masturbation toy. Over and over it explained how you warmed it up, put in your cock, fucked it and cleaned it. It was almost surreal, like they were doing a cooking show.

Lisa picked up a purple dildo and put it to her nose and sniffed it, almost to see if it was a used return. It wasn’t, it had the fresh smell of rubber. Then a nerdy female clerk stepped up and asked, “Is there anything I can help you with?”

“Lisa was taken by surprise by the clerk. She was also surprised someone who looked like her worked in a place like this.”

“Oh, I’m just window shopping for now,” Lisa said.

“That dildo you have there, I have three of them, I use one in the morning, and one at bedtime, the other I keep as a spare. They feel so great and make me cum so hard.”

Hearing those words come out of this woman’s mouth was like listening to a frumpy librarian read from a porn magazine.

“Really, tell me more,” Lisa said.

Toby crossed his little beaver arms in frustration realizing he wasn’t going anywhere soon.





 31


Douche





Lisa walked over to the two women looking at dildo’s hanging from plastic bubble packs on the wall. Neither woman was really attractive, both looked to be in their late forties and were having a great time.

“Hey, can I join in?” Lisa asked.

One of the women, taller, bigger tits, looked at Lisa’s naked body and smiled. “Do you work here?” she asked.

“No, I’ve never been in a store like this and I didn’t want to shop all by myself, my beaver is being an ass right now.”

“Your beaver is an ass?” the tall woman asked.

“Oh, you think I’m talking about my coochie, no, I mean Toby, and he’s over against the wall pouting. He wants to leave.”

“Oh, I didn’t think they let pets in here,” the short woman said.

“He’s not a pet, he’s his own beaver,” Lisa replied. “What are you girls looking at?”

The tall woman pointed at a twelve inch black dildo large enough for an elephant. “I’m thinking about getting that one,” she said.

Lisa leaned in close and looked at the price, “One hundred twenty five dollars?” she asked in amazement. “Does it vibrate?”

“No, its four pounds of latex rubber,” the tall woman said.

“It’s as round as my arm, bigger, how would you fit that inside?” Lisa asked.

“Lube,” she replied.

“Yeah, but still, you’d have to be bored out pretty wide.”

“This isn’t my first time honey, I’ve been riding these things since I was in high school. I didn’t get this wide overnight.”

“Don’t get mad, but why not get a guy? I bet there are lots of men that would love to give you the real thing for free.”

“I don’t want the real thing, I attach this to my stuffed camel and put it on my treadmill and let it fuck me.”

Lisa tried to imagine that in her head. “How do you do that?” she asked.

The woman pulled out her phone and pulled up a picture of the camel with a smaller dildo attached on a treadmill.

“I see,” Lisa said.

“Only thing is that a dildo that size is hard to attach and keep on. It weighs like four pounds, tape won’t hold it on and if you try to put screws in it, it rips apart,” the tall woman said.

“You might have to forget the camel this time,” the short woman said. “Just use the suction cup and attach it to the floor.”

“I tried that once with a dildo half this size, my floors aren’t smooth and the suction cups keep popping off. I end up on my ass with half a rubber dick hanging out of me.”

The short woman pulled another dildo down from the display. “This one has pipe threads so you can attach it to your plumbing it says.”

“I’m not going to call a plumber to install a pipe to mount my new dildo,” the tall woman said.

“Then I don’t know what you’re going to do, you’re shit out of luck.”

Then the clerk came up from behind and spoke up, “We do have a special collection in the basement if you’d like to look ladies.”

“Sure” the short woman said.”

“Follow me,” the clerk said and the three women followed her to the back and down a set of stairs to a special room. All around were very expensive looking sex dolls and rubber body parts. “Take a look over here,” the clerk said pointing to a box on the floor. “You may have seen something like this online, but this product is brand new. It’s like a hobby horse with a fourteen inch dildo that comes up from inside this box and fucks you while you ride it.”

“Does it vibrate too?” the tall woman asked.

“Yes, this product vibrates and penetrates in and out for maximum pleasure. At the press of a button, it shoots out warm artificial blow that will drip out later. Just like in real life.”

“Hey, that reminds me, do you have anything I can use to keep from dripping on the bed after sex?” the short woman asked.

“Yes, it’s called a towel,” the clerk replied.

“I was hoping for something more sophisticated,” she said.

“Nope, a towel is the best product for wiping the splooge out of your crack,” the clerk replied.

Lisa chimed in, “Can we try this out?” she asked.

“Certainly,” the clerk said, “First you must douche so you don’t contaminate the latex phallus, then you may mount the box and try it out.”

“Do you have a douche?” Lisa asked.

“No, this isn’t a pharmacy, it’s a sex store.”

Frustrated, Lisa tried to mount the dildo anyway and was shoved onto the floor by the clerk. She hit her head on a box full of gay porn DVD’s.

“I said no touchy,” the clerk said. “Now you can buy this or get the fuck out.”

“How much is this thing?” Lisa asked.

“Seven hundred and fifty dollars,” the clerk replied.

“Holy shit, that’s outrageous!” Lisa snapped back.

“It’s not for everyone, obviously not for you,” the clerk said like a bitch.

“Yeah, well you can take your rubber dicks and shove them where the sun don’t shine,” Lisa said. “Then she realized that is where they shove them.”

“Look,” the clerk said. “I don’t want to get off on a bad foot here so I will let you have a free sample of a new product that just came in.”

“What is it,” the short woman said with excitement.

“It’s a new disposable dildo, you insert it like in the bathroom at work, and it fucks you for about twenty minutes and dissolves.”

“That don’t sound right, you mean like Alka Seltzer?”

“No, it doesn’t fizz and bubble, it turns into a jelly substance and drools out your pussy, you have to wear a large maxi pad when you are using one of these.”

“Can I see it,” the tall woman asked.

The clerk dug into a box and pulled out three demo models and handed them to each woman. They felt like marshmallows.

“This isn’t hard enough to get in me,” the tall woman said.

The clerk replied, “What you do is roll it in a ball, stick in on the outside of your vagina hole and poke it until it’s all inside. Once it gets warm, it goes into action. Kind of like Mexican jumping beans.”

“You expect me to believe that?” the tall woman asked. “It’s probably made in Mexico and toxic. I’ve never heard of such a thing.”

The clerk shook her head. “I use one every day after lunch. I shove it in like a Tampax, it fucks me for a while and then it runs down my leg. I don’t wear pads.”

“Is that what I see running down your leg now?” Lisa asked pointing to the jelly on the clerk’s leg.

“Yeah, that’s it,” the clerk replied.

“Why don’t you wipe it off?”

“I got panty hose on, it gets stuck in the fibers.”

Lisa rolled hers into a ball and was about to shove it in her vagina when the short woman interrupted her. “What are you doing? That thing isn’t safe.”

“She uses it every day,” Lisa said referring to the clerk.

“Don’t do it, something about it doesn’t seem right.”

Lisa leaned back upright and held the soft dildo in her hand. Then she saw it move on its own. She was warm enough now to get it to do its job when inserted. It felt like a bug in her hand and she dropped it on the floor and stomped on it till it flattened out and the moving parts stopped.

“What makes it move?” Lisa asked. “Is there worms in there?”

The clerk, now frustrated, shook her head and told the women they had to go back upstairs. “If you don’t want the free gift put it back, but I need for you to leave unless you’re making a purchase.”

The short woman reached out and touched the fourteen inch dildo sticking out of the box. “Let me call my husband and see if I can have the money,” she said.

“You want this?” Lisa asked. “What if it breaks down? Is there a warranty? Do they do repairs?”

“All our products have a ninety day warranty, don’t worry about it,” the clerk said. “Let me know what your husband says, but for now you three have to go back upstairs. Lisa and the other two women found their way back to the staircase and headed back upstairs to the main floor. Once there they headed back to the wall of dildo’s and continued to converse about which ones they wanted to buy. Lisa was more pissed now than ever. She didn’t have money for the photo shoot or for a dildo, all she had to look forward to was fucking her fat ugly boss every day.





 32


911





Frustrated, Lisa and Toby left the sex store and headed to the lingerie shop to buy the headband he boss wanted her to get, upon entering the store, Lisa took notice of all the sexy corset’s and wall of shoes that seemed to go on forever. She magnated to the nightgowns and sifted through the racks of teddy’s in blacks, blues and reds. Then a clerk approached her. “May I help you?” the woman asked. She was dressed in a t-shirt that read, “Don’t fuck with momma”, a pair of see through yoga pants and a pair of flats. She was also very pregnant.

“Yes, I’m looking for a head band to go with my work uniform, it has to have a black strap across the top and white frilly lace on the edges.”

“Like a French maid?” the clerk asked.

“Yeah, I suppose that would work,” Lisa replied.

“We sell those, but only as part of a set, you have to get the corset, the garter and the heels as well.”

“Really?” Lisa asked disappointed. “How much is that going to cost?”

The clerk walked Lisa over to the French maid set and checked the price tag. “Seventy five dollars,” she said.

“My boss gave me enough for a head band, this sucks,” Lisa said.

“Sorry, don’t know what to tell you.”

“I’ll have to get one online,” Lisa said.

Toby decided to chime in, “Yeah, fuck this place, if they can’t stock what you need, get it on the internet.” he said with a shit eating grin trying to piss off the clerk.

“Don’t make me no difference,” the clerk said.

“You don’t care that you’re not making a sale?” Toby asked.

“No, and how did a giant rat get in here?”

“What a pathetic fuck,” Toby said. “What does your boss think about your attitude?”

“She comes in here twice a month, fuck, I don’t think I know her name,” the clerk said.

“I could do your job,” Toby said. “And ten times better. You know nothing about customer service. I’d never let a customer leave without getting them what they needed.”

“I told you, the head band only comes with the set.”

“So go in the back, call your supplier and order this girl a head band you stupid cunt,” Toby said.

“Nobody calls me a cunt!” the clerk said holding her belly. She rocked back and forth and closed her eyes for a second making faces like she was constipated.

“What’s wrong?” Lisa asked.

“It’s the baby, I’m due anytime now,” the clerk replied.

“Is there someone you can call to watch the store? You need to get to the hospital,” Lisa said.

“No, the other two girls that work here are on vacation, I’m it,” the clerk said.

“Are you having contractions?” Lisa asked.

“Could be.”

“You better close up the shop and head to the hospital, is there someone you can call to take you?”

My boyfriend is in jail, I’ll have to call a cab.”

Lisa began to panic thinking this woman was going to have her baby right here on the floor. “I’ll call 911,” Lisa said and held out her hand.

“What do you want?” the clerk asked.

“Your phone.”

“It’s under the counter, by the register,” the clerk said.

Lisa ran over and found her phone, she called 911 and came back to the clerk what was now buckled over in pain. Then she saw a puddle of clear fluid on the floor dripping down the clerk’s legs. “Your water broke,” Lisa said. “You need to lie down.”

“Oh no, not now!” the clerk said.

Lisa helped the clerk get to the floor and lie on her back. The clerk laid there in pain holding her belly making whining noises.

“Is there anything I can do?” Lisa asked.

Toby spoke up, “She needs an epidural.”

“What?” Lisa asked.

“That procedure where they put pain medications in her spine.”

“That’s great Toby,” Lisa said. “Does it look like I have one here?”

“No, I’m just saying.”

“Why don’t you go to the front door and wait for the ambulance?”

“You mean like on that show from the seventies, Emergency? With Randolph Mantooth and that Kevin somebody? I loved that show.”

“You live in the woods, how did you ever see that show?” Lisa asked.

“It used to play in the dorm when I was at community college. Came on every day at ten,” Toby replied.

Lisa looked at Toby like he was stupid, then after a long awkward pause, she asked him to go to the door and wait. Then she turned her attention back to the clerk lying on her back on the cold floor. “How are you doing?” she asked.

“It’s coming, I can feel it move,” the clerk said.

“Don’t push, whatever you do, don’t push. I can’t have a baby coming out right now, I’m not qualified to deliver a baby.”

Toby yelled from the door, “They’re here!” and ran back to Lisa. The sounds of sirens got louder and louder until the ambulance stopped at the front door and parked. Then they turned off the sirens but kept the lights flashing. In a moment or two, the ambulance crew rushed inside and ran to the pregnant woman lying on the floor.

“She’s about to blow!” Lisa said.

The woman yelled, “its coming!” and started tugging on her yoga pants trying to pull them off.

One of the ambulance crew grabbed a pocket knife and cut the skin tight yoga pants, ever careful not to cut the woman, removing them so they could get to her vagina. Once the pants were removed, they were discarded to the side. Toby picked them up and tried to shove them in his pocket, then he realized he didn’t have a pocket, he just wanted to keep them for some reason.

One of the ambulance crew got on the radio and called the hospital, he got a message back and shoved a finger in the woman’s vagina, and he pulled it back out and reported something to the person on the other end. “Get the gurney!” the crewman said. We still have time.”

“What are they doing sticking their finger in a pregnant woman?” Toby whispered to Lisa.

“Seeing how far she’s dilated,” Lisa replied.

“I think that’s very inappropriate considering she’s pregnant.”

“What?’ Lisa asked.

“Can’t they find someone not pregnant to finger?” Toby asked.

“They’re not fingering her, they’re checking to see how far along she is.”

“She looks pretty far along to me, look how fat she is,” Toby said.

“You are so fucking stupid, no wonder you didn’t finish college,” Lisa said.

In a flash, the crew had the woman strapped on the gurney and out the door into the waiting ambulance leaving Lisa and Toby behind alone.

“Do you want to clean up this puddle on the floor or should I do it?” Toby asked. “I think it’s a trip hazard.”

“Do you see any cameras” Lisa asked looking around the ceiling.

“Why? You planning on stealing something?”

“Maybe,” Lisa said running behind the counter. She scanned for a monitor and found one, then she saw the button on the recorder that said “play, and stop” She pressed stop and then turned the unit off to make sure it wasn’t recording anything. “There she said and came back around to the front.

“What did you just do?” Toby asked.

“I shut off the camera,” Lisa replied. “Now I’m going shopping.” Lisa quickly dashed from rack to rack pulling off anything she liked that looked like it might fit her. She placed the outfits over her arm and ran to the wall of shoes and picked out three pair. “Grab me a sack from behind the counter,” she said to Toby. Toby grudgingly obeyed and got her a sack and helped her place the clothes and shoes inside. Then they heard a ding from the door and both turned to see a tall, lanky, sexy blonde walk in the door with beautiful eyes and a huge rack of tits.

“Fuck,” Lisa said under her breath, her plan was screwed.

The woman walked over to Lisa and looked at her naked body. She seemed to be judging her and by her expression wasn’t too impressed. “Hi,” she said. “I’m looking for a thong, can you point me in the right direction?”

It was now obvious this woman thought Lisa was a clerk so she decided to play along. “Over there by the nightgowns,” Lisa said pointing.

The woman stepped over to where Lisa was pointing, rocking her tight ass back and forth with each step. In her skin tight jeans, she looked like a lollypop in heels.

Lisa gave Toby the look that said, “Let’s get the fuck out of here,” and they both took off to the front door. Then a loud buzzer went off and Lisa realized the clothes she was stealing was tagged and she was busted. In a panic, she dropped the clothes on the floor and ran out the front door followed by Toby who scampered up beside her. In a full adrenaline buzz, Lisa power walked as fast as she could back towards home, past the sex shop and the photography studio. All she could do is hope nobody saw what happened and could get home and hide. Then she heard a car pull up behind her and a woman call out. “Miss, miss?” the woman asked. Lisa turned and saw it was the same woman from the store she had just spoken too.

“What?” Lisa asked.

The woman held out a bag, the same bag Lisa dropped on the floor before she left. “You forgot your bag,” she said.

Lisa stopped and approached her car, “Thanks but I left those on purpose, I changed my mind.”

“Oh, I thought these were from a different store that you brought in, so these aren’t paid for?” the woman asked.

“No, I just didn’t have time to put them back, I forgot I had an appointment.”

The woman paused for a moment to think and then said, “I guess I could take them back, don’t you work there?” she asked.

“No, I’m a maid,” Lisa replied.

“A maid? I work in housekeeping at the hotel across the street. Funny though, we have to wear clothes, are you working now?”

“Sort of, my boss sent me to pick up a head band, they only sell them in sets with the clothes so now I have to order one online.”

“What kind of headband?” the woman asked.

“Like what a French maid would wear,” Lisa replied.

“I have one from a Halloween costume you can have,” the woman said.

“Does it look cheesy?” Lisa asked.

“I thought it looked good, it was an expensive costume.”

“Ok, when can I get it?” Lisa asked.

“I can take you to my place and get it if you want, I only live a mile from here.”

“Can I bring my beaver?” Lisa asked.

The woman looked at Lisa’s pussy and smiled, “Sure, you can bring whatever you want.”

“She means me,” Toby said looking up into the window.

The woman looked down at Toby and said, “Is that your pet?”

“No, I get so tired of explaining this,” Lisa said. “He’s my friend.”

“Does he shed? I don’t want fur all over my car.”

“I shed a little,” Toby said, “Don’t worry about it, I’ll clean up after myself.”

The woman looked at Toby and admired his cute little eyes. “Alright, you can sit in the back.”

Lisa got in the passenger’s side and Toby scrambled into the back. The woman took off and drove through the mall to the exit and got onto the highway heading towards her place. “Thanks for doing this,” Lisa said.

“No problem, I’m sure I’ll never wear that outfit again, it was my old boss’s idea, and I don’t work for that prick anymore.”

“What did you do before you worked at the hotel?” Lisa asked.

“I was an executive assistant for a housing developer, basically I sucked dick all day,” the woman said.





 33


REO Speedwagon





Back at her apartment complex, the woman led Lisa and Toby up the sidewalk to the front door. “What is your name?” Lisa asked.

“Wendy,” Wendy said.

“Wendy, what’s up with that creepy guy mowing the lawn?” Lisa asked. “He keeps staring at us.”

Wendy looked over at the man making all the noise riding the riding lawnmower cutting the apartment grass. “That’s Sid, the apartment manager, fucking creep is right. Real perv.” The three entered the apartment complex and took the elevator to the third floor where Wendy lived. Once inside her apartment, she looked in her closet for the head band for Lisa.

“What do you mean by perv?” Lisa asked.

“Well, for one thing, every time I try to sunbathe in the back, he seems to need to mow the lawn, I think he thinks it’s a free show.”

“Do you wear a bikini?” Lisa asked.

“At first, but I don't want tan lines so I do take it off eventually,” Wendy replied. “Once he even came over and offered to put lotion on me. Stood there for like ten minutes bothering me. I finally told him to leave me alone.”

“Can you go on the roof? Or find another place to lay out?”

Bored with these two ladies, Toby decided to speak up. “I can take him out for you if you want.”

“Take him out?” Wendy asked.

“Yeah, I’ll teach that fucker a lesson he’ll never forget.”

“And I’ll get kicked out of my apartment, no thanks, this place is pretty nice for the price.”

“He won’t know you said a word, trust me, I can take care of fucks like him.”

Then on the television Lisa saw a picture of someone she recognized, it was Madame Jane, the woman who chopped off Toby’s tail and let her back to Sparksville. The sound was turned down so she ran over to the television and turned it up.

“Today Madame Jane declared it Taco Tuesday in all of Lancaster,” the reporter said. It wasn’t an ad for a taco restaurant, it was a news story.

“What the fuck?” Lisa asked. “How can she declare anything?”

“You’re not from around here?” Wendy asked.

“No, but I did visit once, I met Madame Jane once, she sent me home when I needed to get away from here.”

Wendy looked at Toby and put two and two together, “He’s a talking beaver isn’t he?” she asked rhetorically.

“Yeah,” Lisa said.

“That explains that, but then you still have your tail.”

Toby picked up his tail and petted it, “Got it back is what you mean,” he said.

“Explain,” Wendy said.

“That bitch Madame Jane cut off my tail and made soup out of me, it’s a long story but I came back,” Toby said.

“Well,” Wendy said. “Thanks you to you and your beaver, Madame Jane now has all supreme power. That beaver tail was used in a spell and now we are all under her control. If she says it’s Taco Tuesday, I guarantee you there will be a line of cars down at Taco Bell five miles long.”

“Oh, sorry,” Lisa said. “I didn’t think she was serious,” she said lying to Wendy.

“Maybe we should take your talking beaver to a different witch and get her powers reversed?” Wendy asked looking at Toby.

“Sorry, nobody’s making me into soup twice.”

“Do you know what it’s like living with some megalomaniac bitch with unlimited power? She proclaims all sorts of shit and we have to comply. Do you know what it’s like to have “Dress like a cave person day? Or dress like the fifties day? It’s like she’s having her own personal office party but everyone else has to comply.”

“What happens if you don’t do what she says?” Lisa asked.

“She has her ways, I don’t know how, but she finds out and fucks with you. I know a lady at the hotel I work at that didn’t go to see Reo Speedwagon on Reo Speedwagon day when they played at the mall, and... I can’t talk about it.”

“There is no way this whole town could show up to the mall, there has to be thirty thousand people living here,” Toby said.

“Yep, and you’ve never heard so many people sing along to “Can’t fight this feeling” in your life.”

“Wait a second, I saw Reo Speedwagon in Sparksville ten years ago, how did they get to Lancaster? There’s only one way I know and I doubt they took the death tube to the swimming pool,” Toby said.

“I don’t know, maybe this one’s a tribute band, I don’t go for eighties rock,” Wendy said.

Then there was a knock on the door. “Fuck,” Wendy said and opened it finding Sid on the other side wearing only a pair of short shorts, no shirt or shoes and he was covered in sweat.

“I’m here to fix your kitchen faucet,” Sid said.

“I called you on that three months ago, why are you here now?” Wendy asked.

Sid looked over at Lisa’s naked body and swallowed hard. “I just got time,” Sid replied.

“It takes you two days to mow the lawn, how do you all of a sudden have time to fix my faucet?”

Sid tried to step into the apartment but Wendy blocked his way.

“Do you want it fixed or not?”

Wendy backed up. “Where are your tools?” she asked.

By now, Sid had a raging hard on and his pants were starting to bulge. Lisa took notice and backed up to the couch.

“I’m here to look for now, I’ll bring my tools later,” he said keeping his eyes on Lisa’s tits. “Who is your friend here?” he asked. “Is she moving in?”

“No, she’s here to pick up a headband, now look at the sink and get out.”

Sid saw Toby sitting on the couch picking his toenails. “You know there are no pets allowed, that violates your lease.”

“He’s not my pet, he’s a friend of hers, as soon as she gets the headband, and the rat will go.”

“I’m a beaver,” Toby said examining the stuff he picked out of his foot.

Sid stepped over and took a long look at Lisa. “You single?” he asked.

“No, I’m married, have four kids, my husbands a cop, and a lawyer,” Lisa replied lying her ass off.

“Too bad,” Sid said licking his lips.

“If you don’t mind, you can stop examining me now,” Lisa said.

“Fine, I’ll be back later with my tool box, will you be here?” Sid asked Lisa.

“No, I won’t” Lisa replied.

Sid turned and walked back to the doorway past Lisa. “I’m going to finish the lawn first, make a clean space for you to get a tan,” he said and left pulling the door closed behind him.

“Sorry about that,” Wendy said. “One of these days he’s going to go too far and I’ll be able to call the cops.”

“Aren’t you afraid he’ll use his pass key, come in here and rape you?” Lisa asked.

“No, I got a gun hidden in every room, loaded and ready to shoot. If he tries anything, he’s a dead man.”

“You shouldn’t have to go to all that trouble, why not report him to the owner?”

“I did once, and now my toilet backs up constantly.”

“You think he had something to do with that?”

“I can’t prove it, but why all of a sudden would that start happening?”

Toby spoke up, “You taking bigger shits?”

“No!” Wendy snapped back. “Be nice or I’ll make you wait outside.”

“Maybe we should go now,” Lisa said feeling bad.

“Give me a second, I’ll get that head band for you,” Wendy said. She got back into the closet and found what she was looking for. “There you go,” she said handing the headband to Lisa. “Now I’ll take you two home. But first we have to stop for tacos”

“I got a little cash,” Lisa said. “I don’t get paid till next week, I just started my new job.”

“You can get a taco for ninety nine cents that will ward off her evil spell” Wendy said.

“But I don’t want to wait at drive through all day, how long will it take to get my food?”

“A couple of hours, but not getting it would be worse, take my word for it and come with me.”





Two hours later and Wendy, Lisa and Toby are still parked in a line at Taco Bell that goes on for a half mile.

“This is fucking ridiculous,” Toby said, “I’m getting out and walking home.”

“You’ll regret it,” Wendy said tapping her finger on the steering wheel.

“I’m regretting ever coming back to Lancaster,” Toby said. “If you want to come with me, do it now,” he said to Lisa.

Lisa was bored to death and didn’t want to wait in line any longer. She didn’t want the wrath of Madame Jane either, but she wasn’t around and it was hot inside and outside the car. “I’m going,” Lisa said.

“Don’t say I didn’t warn you,” Wendy said.

Lisa got out of the car and caught up to Toby who was heading back to home. Or at least the place they were staying while they worked. “I don’t think I like it here,” she said.

“The grass is never greener on the other side,” Toby said.

“Yeah, but if you don’t try, you never know.”

“True, what do you think will happen to us if we don’t get a taco?” Lisa asked.

“Maybe our boss is having tacos tonight, if they had the television on, the cook would have made them.”

“Hey, you’re right!” Lisa said, now her mood improved. “We better get back fast, supper should be in about an hour.”

“We have a few miles to walk, let’s pick up the pace,” Toby said.

“We can walk five miles in an hour silly, we don’t have to run.”

“Yeah, but I’m lost, do you know which way it is back home?”

Lisa looked around, they hadn’t been in this part of Lancaster before and the strip mall they were shopping at was nowhere in sight. “We might have to ask for directions,” she said.

“Do you know the address of where we live?”

“No, do you?” she asked.

“Fuck no,” Toby replied. “I don’t even remember their last names.”

“It’s Theresa and Henry something,” Lisa said. “I think its Snow.”

“Anyway, we need to find the house, I have a feeling if we don’t eat tacos today, and we’ll be fucked.”





Toby and Lisa walked quickly trying to find landmarks that would lead them home. Cars were parked in the streets in line for taco’s blocking their view and they became more and more confused. Finally Toby decided to ask someone what would happen if they didn’t eat a taco today. He approached a passenger in car with a family inside. “Hey,” Toby said getting a young man's attention. He rolled down his window and said, “What can I do for you?”

“I’m not from around here, what’s the big deal with the lines to Taco Bell?”

“You have till midnight to eat a taco or you're fucked,” the man said.

“Can you be more specific? “Fucked” is sort of a general term,” Toby asked.

“It’s different for everyone, I can’t tell you what would happen to you. You might lose your fur, or get mad beaver disease, who knows?”

“I know a guy that had mad beaver disease, he ran around all day beating his head on trees foaming at the mouth,” Toby said. “It was horrible.”

“We better get back to Taco Bell then,” Lisa said.

“You won’t have time, by the time you get back in line it will be too late,” the man said.

“What about Wendy? She’s still in line?” Toby said.

“Yeah, but where? Now I’m more lost than ever, and we won’t make it home or to Taco Bell in time, we’re fucked!”

“We have to try, maybe we can go to a grocery store and make our own tacos from scratch,” Toby said.

“Good luck with that, every store in town is sold out by now,” the man said. “May God have mercy on your soul.”





 34


Tale of the tail





Ten till midnight and Lisa and Toby are still lost, they decided to follow the line of cars to the Taco Bell and see if they could get help, what the found was another line of people standing outside waiting to get in, a line of police cars and a news crew doing interviews across the street. Toby decided it would be a good idea to talk to one of the news crew and see what was really going on, he and Lisa crossed the street and approached a man sitting in a folding chair with a clipboard in his hand.

“Excuse me,” Toby said. “What’s with all the police and reporters and shit?”

“Are you kidding me?” the man asked. “The shit’s about to hit the fan and you act like you don’t know what’s going on?”

“Who are you?” Toby asked.

“I’m the field producer, who are you?”

“My name is Toby, this is Lisa, and we’re not from around here.”

“You must have come from a long way away, everyone knows what will happen at midnight,” the producer replied.

“What? I heard that today is taco Tuesday and that if I don’t eat a taco by midnight something will happen, but nobody said what.”

“Nobody knows for sure, Madame Jane hasn’t said anything, but if it’s like the REO Speedwagon fiasco, you don’t want to know.”

“What do you mean?” Toby asked.

“Everyone who failed to show up to the REO Concert got diarrhea for a week. She put a spell on them, filled the hospitals, people missed work and overall was disgusting,” the producer said.

“What’s this bitch’s problem?” Toby asked.

“She’s power mad, she pulls these stunts just to keep us in line.”

“So no taco and I have the shits for a week? I once ate a taco in Tijuana and it gave me the shits for a week, ironic.”

“Yeah, and from the looks of that line, there are going to be a lot of people who won’t make the deadline. I think that store has had five semi’s unload today.”

“How much time till midnight?” Toby asked.

The producer looked at his watch, “About ninety seconds,” he replied.

“Do you have a cigarette?” Toby asked.

“No, but Jenny might, she’s on camera right now to see what will happen at midnight. If you still have lungs after then, she’ll bum you one.”

Lisa sat on the grass and rested her head in her palms. She had nowhere to go and this place was as good as any other.

Toby waited patiently as the time ticked down to midnight, and when the clock hit twelve he heard Lisa yell out, “Ouch!” and saw her stand up and look at her backside. When she turned around she was sporting at two foot long tail.

“What the fuck?” she asked swinging her new appendage around.

Toby took a look and was horrified to see this skin tube swinging behind Lisa. “You got a tail,” Toby said pointing at it as it flailed around.

“I know, and it’s disgusting,” Lisa said.

“So that’s it? Everyone who didn’t eat a taco today now has a tail?” Toby asked.

Then the sound of horrified voices filled the air as the people waiting in line and the people in their cars now realized that they now had tails. The reporter, who was still live on the air perked up and dragged the camera operator across the street so she could do an interview with one of the victims.

“What did it do to you?” Lisa asked Toby.

Toby spun around and looked at himself from all directions, he didn’t notice any change at all. “Must only be for humans,” Toby said. “Beavers don’t usually watch television or eat tacos, more of a twig and bark eater.”

“This is not fair!” Lisa snapped. “I couldn’t have got to the taco place in time if I wanted, she did this on purpose just to fuck with people. Where does this bitch live? I’m going to kick her ass!” Lisa yelled.

“She lives downtown, upstairs from the gas company,” the producer said.

“What? Someone with all that power and she doesn’t live in some creepy castle or huge mansion?” Lisa asked.

“No, just a regular apartment.”

“Can you point me in the right direction? I have some words for her,” Lisa said.

The producer wrote down the directions on some paper and gave it to Lisa, she and Toby then took off walking downtown to Madame Jane’s apartment. She had no idea if she’d get to see her, but she wasn’t going to live with a tail for long.





An hour later, Lisa and Toby arrived at the building where Madame Jane lived, on the ground floor was the gas company, and off to the right was a door that led to a steep staircase to the upper floor. There was a light on above the gas company, and no one around at all.

“Where is everybody?” Lisa asked. “I’d guess more people than me would want to have a stern word with her.”

“Maybe she’s not home, just because the light’s on doesn’t mean she’s here,” Toby replied.

Lisa opened the door and began the steep climb upstairs followed by Toby. It was a tough one for such a little animal and he was winded when he got to the top. Once they got to the top, there was a landing and a door to the left with a peephole. Lisa knocked on the door and waited for a response.

It didn’t take long till she heard the door click and open, they were met by Madame Jane herself. She didn’t recognize Lisa, but took notice of Toby right away standing by Lisa’s knee.

“What are you and what do you want?” Madame Jane asked.

“Lisa, remember me? I gave up my talking beaver so you would send me home?”

“Yes, I do remember, and I see you found another beaver, does this one talk as well?” Madame Jane asked.

“Ask him yourself,” Lisa replied pissed.

“Why are you so angry?”

Lisa spun around and showed Madame Jane her new tail. “I don’t like this, I came to ask you to remove it.”

“Wait a minute, what are you doing back in Lancaster?”

“I thought things would be better here, I was wrong, dead wrong, now what will it take for you to take this tail off me?”

“I’ll take the beaver,” Madame Jane replied.

“No, I made that mistake the last time, the beaver stays with me, what else will you take?”

“I don’t need anything from you girl, I have supreme power, I could take the beaver if I wish.”

Realizing she was fucked, Lisa needed a backup plan, she didn’t have one. So she decided to bluff. “I’ll use his tail to gain supreme power and then I’ll be running things,” Lisa said.

“Are you a witch?”

“I am now, I took classes when I went back to Sparksville the last time,” Lisa replied.

“Classes?” Madame Jane asked giggling. “There are no classes that teach how to be a witch, it’s something handed down from mother to daughter.”

“No, they offer it at the community college, it’s a two credit hour class,” Lisa said lying.

“If that’s so, show me your witchcraft,” Madame Jane said.

Now really fucked, Lisa had to think fast. Nothing came to her, nothing. “You can’t tell me what to do, I will come back later and cast a spell on you that will make you wish you never met me, or put a tail on my ass!”

Madame Jane shook her head and looked at Lisa like she knew she was a big fat liar. “Silly girl, you do that, go to the library, look up a spell or two and come back on your broom. You might want to put some clothes on and cover up that hideous tail, makes you look like a kangaroo.”

“Fuck you,” Lisa said and turned away.

Madame Jane chuckled and slammed the door leaving Lisa and Toby to descend down the steep staircase. “Fucking bitch,” Lisa said being careful not to trip and roll down the stairs.

“You’re not cutting off my tail,” Toby said. “I’m not going through that again.”

“No, I don’t plan on cutting off your tail, but I don’t plan on having one much longer just because that bitch thinks she can fuck with me and anybody else she wants. I’ll cut the fucker off myself if I have too.”

The duo left the building and walked down the sidewalk in the dark. They had no place to go, and still didn’t know where home was. Lisa needed a new plan and a place to stay, but where in Lancaster past midnight? Then they heard a voice call to them from a dark alley. Lisa stopped and Toby bumped into her leg.

“What?” she asked.

“Come here,” the voice called from the dark.

“Alright,” Lisa said and headed into the dark alley.

“What are you doing?” Toby asked. “You don’t know who that is!”

“You only live once,” Lisa said as she sashayed into the darkness nude and with a tail. Once she got used to the dark, she saw who, or what was talking to her. It was a large rat holding a plastic bag filled with white powder. “What do you want?” Lisa asked.

“You want to buy some drugs? I got drugs, lots of drugs,” the rat said.

“What kind do you have?” Lisa asked.

“I smashed them all up and put them in a bag, it’s a mixed bag of drugs,” the rat said.

“Well, I don’t feel sick, so I don’t think I need any drugs, thank you,” Lisa said.

“No, these drugs don’t make you feel better, no, I mean they do make you feel better, but they aren’t for sick people,” the rat said.

Then Toby spoke up, “Are you high?” he asked the rat.

“Maybe, I don’t know,” the rat replied.

“We better get out of here, I don’t like being in dark alleys at night,” Toby said.

“How much?” Lisa asked.

Shocked, Toby blurted out, “What the fuck? Why are you asking that?”

“I’m curious,” Lisa said.

The rat replied, “Fifty bucks a cap full.”

“Cap full? What does that mean? Is that some sort of drug code?” Toby asked.

“No, a bottle cap full,” the rat replied.

“Can I try some first?” Lisa asked.

“Sure, but only a little, I can’t give a lot away for free.”

Lisa bent over and the rat opened the bag for her to put her finger inside, she took a pinch and put it on her tongue. She made a face like she had just sucked a lemon, “That tastes like iodine and vinegar.”

“You don’t eat it you stupid bitch, you smoke it, or shoot it in your eyeball,” the rat said.

“I don’t smoke,” Lisa said, “I want to be a model and smoking makes teeth turn yellow.”

“Then you got to shoot it up.”

“I don’t have a needle, sorry,” she said. “But thanks for the offer.”

“Wait, I got something else you might like,” the rat said scurrying into a hole. In a minute, he returned with a box and held it up to Lisa to see.

“What’s this? Lisa asked.

“It’s a magic box, you can do all sorts of shit with it,” the rat replied.

“If it’s magic, why sell it to me? You could use it to get yourself out of this ally and quit selling dope to strangers.”

Toby chimed in, “What makes you think that box is magic? I’ve seen magic boxes, I’m sort of an expert.”

The rat held the box closer to Toby so he could see it. The box was plain cardboard, brown with a lid, no decoration. Satisfied, Toby said, “Nope, just a cardboard box, nothing magical about it at all.”

Then the rat opened the lid and blue smoke rose out hovering above the box. “See,” the rat said, “Magic.”

“Looks like a trick to me,” Toby said. “How much do you want for it?” he asked.

“If she wants it, one hundred dollars, I don’t sell to livestock,” the rat replied.





 35


Magic Box





“Well I don’t have one hundred dollars,” Lisa said.

“What else you got sister?” the rat asked.

“I got a head band, and seventy five cents in change,” she replied.

“I could trick you out and take it in trade.”

“Trick me out? I’m no prostitute, I’m a model,” Lisa said.

“Whatever, you want the magic box, you fuck a few customers of mine, I’ll take it out on trade.”

“You must think of me like a used car, and these friends of yours, are they rats like you?”

“No you stupid cunt, they’re people, just like you. No rat would fuck your nasty stink hole.”

Lisa shuffled and swung her tail back and forth. “How long would this take, I don’t have all night.”

Confused and shocked, Toby chimed in, “What the hell are you doing girl? There is no way your fucking some stranger in a dark alley so you can get some stupid magic box that’s probably fake.”

“Fake my ass!” the rat said sticking his nose in Toby’s face trying to provoke him.

“Prove that box does more than blow blue smoke,” Toby said.

“I don’t have to prove nothing to you, you freak of nature.”

“Me? You’re calling me a freak of nature? Who ever heard of a rat that could do math?” Toby said.

“I went to high school,” the rat said.

“Really? I was homeschooled and went to community college,” Toby said. “I was in the top forty percent of my class.”

“Stay out of this buck tooth, I’m dealing with the lady.”

“She’s a friend of mine, I’ll look out for her if I want, now make some magic or we’re out of here.”

“Is that right?” the rat said. “Well, I’ll sell my magic box to someone with a little more faith, I don’t need you chumps wasting my time,” the rat said.

“Faith? Really?” Toby laughed. “Faith is you tricking out my friend to some dirtbag and then finding out your magic box is rigged with a smoke bomb you stole at a fireworks stand.”

Lisa listened to both men argue and decided to speak up. “I’m alright with it,” she said.

“With what?” Toby asked.

“Fucking some random stranger for the box, I have a good feeling about it.”

“Fucking some random stranger,” Toby said under his breath. “I think that tail has done something to you, you never would have done this before.”

“No, probably not, but what do I have to lose? I have no home, no money and I think meeting this rat in this dark alley was fate. I think I was meant to be here, right now to get that box.”

“Wait here, I’ll go get someone for you to fuck,” the rat said and then scurried back into a hole with the magic box.

“How long should we wait?” Toby asked.

“I’ll give him fifteen minutes, how many horny guys can there be past midnight?”

Then they heard a noise from the far end of the alley as two men approached. The closer they got, the more disgusting they looked. Then they saw the rat scurry up and stop almost falling over itself. “I got two, they’re splitting you between them,” the rat said.

Toby barked back, “You didn’t say nothing about two! She never agreed to two.”

“Its fifty bucks a fuck, it would have taken two anyway, sorry I didn’t tell you,” the rat said.

“It’s alright,” Lisa said, I can take one in the mouth and the other in the rear.”

“You do butt sex?” Toby asked.

“I have, but I meant in my pussy, I’ll get down on all fours and do them both at the same time, it will go faster.”

Then the two gross men stepped up to Lisa and stopped. “Is this her?” one of them asked.

“Yeah,” the rat said.

“I want to go first,” the man said.

Lisa popped in, “Can you both go at the same time? I don’t want to be here all night.”

“You only got one pussy,” the man said.

“I know, I’ll have to give one of you a blow job instead.”

The men looked at each other and nodded their heads in agreement. “Who gets the blow job?” he asked.

“Who wants it?” she asked.

Both men raised their hands at the same time.

“That won’t work, I need one of you to fuck me in my pussy, who wants my pussy?” Lisa asked.

Both men raised their hands at the same time.

“This is going nowhere,” Toby said. “They need to pick straws or something.”

“How about rock, paper, scissors, the winner gets to pick,” Lisa said.

The men agreed.

“Ready? One, two, three, rock, paper, scissors,” she said and the man on the right won with rock beating scissors.

“Alright, do you want pussy or a blow job?” Lisa asked.

“I’ll take the blow job,” he said.

“Alright, I’m going to get down on all fours, doggy style, you come up from behind, move my tail out of the way and fuck me, you get down in front so I can suck you off,” she said.

Lisa got down on all fours and took both men in each hole. It was like being on a see saw rocked back and forth while she sucked and was fucked. In less than five minutes, both men blew their wads and pulled out. Each one then paid the rat fifty dollars and left.

Lisa stood up and spit out the cum she had left in her mouth, and wiped off the dripping splooge from her leg with a dirty rag she found in a trashcan. “Can I have my magic box now?” Lisa asked.

The rat took off into its hole and never came back out.

Pissed and frustrated, Toby said, “I told you so.”

Lisa stormed out of the alley back onto the sidewalk. It was a very dark night except for the streetlights at the end of each block. “Son of a bitch!” she said. “Why did I trust a rat?” she asked rhetorically.

“You both have tails, maybe you felt a kinship to them,” Toby replied.

Lisa flicked her tail and caught it in her hand and looked at it. “Do you think this looks like a rat tail? Why couldn’t I have got a pony tail?”

“It looks disgusting,” Toby replied. “We need to find a way to reverse the spell and get rid of it.”

“We could have it I had that magic...”

“Stop it! I told you that thing was a scam, now shut up and listen to me for once!” Toby yelled ripping Lisa apart. “The only way I can think of reversing that spell is to get Madame fuckwad to do it herself. Problem is she don’t think she needs too. We seem to have a power hungry witch on our hands and I don’t know how to stop her.”

“Should we go back up to her apartment?” Lisa asked.

“Not tonight, we need to come up with a plan first,” Toby replied.

“So what do we do now?” Lisa asked.

“I guess we find a dumpster and call it home for now.”

“I’m not sleeping in or under any dumpster, you may be a rodent, I’m not.”

“Then I suggest finding our way back to our employer’s house soon. I’d suggest a phone book, but nobody uses them anymore.”

Then Lisa saw a cop car drive by, she waved and it pulled over.

“Ma’am, you do realize public nudity is a misdemeanor” the cop asked.

Lisa thought quick on her feet and came up with a convincing lie, “Two guys in the alley attacked me and took my clothes,” she said. “I’m trying to get back to where I work, but I’m new in town and I’m lost.” She even managed to shed a tear.

“We’ll need to get a report and investigate,” the officer said. This isn’t what Lisa wanted to hear, she just wanted directions and be on her way, now she’s stuck, involved in a false report.

“It’s not a big deal, I didn’t get hurt, and can you just tell me how to get home?” she asked.

“Assault and attempted rape is a big deal ma’am, we take our jobs seriously,” the officer said.

“I’m fine, really, I need to go home.”

“No, I’ll need your statement and then take you to the hospital for an exam.”

Now Lisa was fucked, all she wanted to do was go home and now she had to come up with a good lie and spend the rest of the night in the emergency room while some doctor checked her with a rape kit. “Tell you what, I’m going to go back to the alley for a minute, I think I left my purse,” She lied.

“Get in the car ma’am,” the officer said. “I’ll take you to the hospital and call for backup to check the crime scene,” the officer said. “Is that your rat?” he asked looking at Toby.

“Yes, he’s my rat,” Lisa replied feeling defeated. She got in the back of the cruiser and closed the door.





At the hospital, Lisa was taken to an exam room and told to sit on an exam table. A nurse took her vital signs and charted them on a computer. “Are you pregnant?” the nurse asked.

“No,” Lisa replied.

“Do you use birth control?”

“Yes.”

“What kind?”

“Depo.”

“Have you ever had any sexually transmitted diseases?’

“Yes.”

“What kind?”

“Vaginal warts,” Lisa replied and the questions went on for ten minutes.

“The doctor will be in to see you in a few minutes,” the nurse said and closed the door.

Lisa sat on the exam table, very uncomfortable with her new tail. Ten minutes went by then the door opened.

“Miss Lisa Marie?” the doctor asked. He was of Middle Eastern descent. “You are here for a rape exam?” the doctor asked.

“Yes, but I don’t need one, see, I had consensual sex with a guy I picked up at the bar today so whatever you find won’t be accurate.”

“You pick up men in bars?” the doctor asked.

“Yes, what’s it to you?” she asked.

“I find that behavior quite disturbing.”

“People do it all the time.”

“Yes, and I find that disturbing as well. Let me see your vagina,” he said. “Please put your feet in the stirrups.”

“This is not necessary,” Lisa said.

“I am mandated by the court to perform the procedure, sorry, if you don’t comply, I will have you chemically sedated.”

Frustrated, Lisa laid back and put her feet in the stirrups like she was told. The doctor poked his finger inside her and pushed around.

“I see lots of seminal fluid in your vagina, it looks fresh, and how long ago did you bang this guy from the bar?”

“Nine or ten,” Lisa replied.

“There is a lot of blow in here for two in the morning. Either this guy had a lot of semen, or you’re lying to me.”

“I have nothing to hide, now collect your samples or do whatever the fuck you’re going to do so I can go home!”

“I’ll need pictures,” he said and picked up the phone. “X Ray, send up the portable CT scan,” he said and hung up.





 36


Three weeks later





Three weeks later, Lisa wakes up from a coma and is lying in a hospital bed with tubes and wires coming out from all over. She is dazed and confused and sees the blurry image of a woman standing over her.

“Miss Marie? Are you alright?” the woman asked.

Groggy, Lisa replied, “Yes, what’s going on?”

“Let me get the doctor,” the woman said and left the room.

As Lisa laid in the bed, she became more lucid and took in her surroundings. She was in a hospital room with an impressive amount of electronic gear flashing and blinking all around her. She saw she had an I.V. in her hand and a tube running around her head giving her oxygen through her nose. She had no clue how she ended up here. Then a short skinny Asian man in a lab coat came in holding a clip board with a stethoscope hanging around his neck. He stopped at the side of the bed and looked down at Lisa.

“How are you feeling today?” the man said, the name Dr. Chang was embroidered on his coat.

“I feel fine, what’s going on?” Lisa asked.

Just then two men wearing suits came in the room, each carrying a briefcase.

“These men will explain everything,” Dr. Chang said. He stepped back and checked the monitors while the other two men opened their cases and gathered papers.

“Hello Miss Marie,” the first man said, “My name is Larry and this is my partner Frank, we are lawyers with the hospital.”

“What are lawyers doing in my room?”

“We’re getting to that. Three weeks ago you came to the E.R. for a rape exam, it seems that the doctor working that night made a possible error and gave you an injection of a drug that you were either allergic to or highly sensitive to, we don’t know.”

“Alright, so why are you here? Doesn’t that sort of thing happen all the time?”

“Yes it does, and that’s not the issue.”

“What is the issue?” Lisa asked.

“Once you had your reaction, you went into a coma and you’ve been here ever since,” Larry said.

“I still don’t see why lawyers are involved.”

“Well, something happened while you were in the coma.”

“What?” Lisa said with very open eyes.

“One of our staff decided to lend you out as a cpr dummy and you sustained damages.”

“What kind of damages?”

“Three broken ribs and a bruised C4 vertebrae,” Larry said.

“Oh my fucking God!” Lisa said.

“That’s not all,” Larry said.

“What else did you fucking do to me?”

Larry swallowed hard and tried to smile. “There was also a nursing class that used you to demonstrate several procedures to student nurses. One was the insertion and removal of a Foley catheter. Seems they didn’t use good sterile procedure and you got a bladder infection, and then vaginitis.”

“What’s vaginitis?” Lisa asked.

“According to what the doctor sent me, it’s a bacterial or viral infection of the vagina.”

“And how the hell did that happen?” Lisa asked.

Larry had a hard time looking at Lisa now. “Seems one of the students couldn’t get the tip of the catheter into your urethra, so she lubed the tip by licking the end of the catheter and slid the end accidently into your vagina. This student had strep throat and gave you an infection. It was treated with a broad spectrum antibiotic and from what Dr. Chang has told me, is pretty much cleared up.”

“Is that all?” Lisa asked.

“Yes, I think so,” Larry replied.

“So what are you doing here? Do you want me to sign my rights away?”

“Yes, but we are willing to offer you a settlement if you don’t sue the hospital.”

“How much?”

“Twenty five hundred,” Larry said.

“Are you shitting me?” Lisa asked. “Let’s talk some real numbers, I want one point three million dollars,” she said glaring at Larry.

Larry wrote down what Lisa said. “I’ve been authorized to offer up to five thousand dollars,” Larry said.

“I don’t fucking think so.”

“That’s all I have today, we will be in touch,” Larry said. The lawyers gathered up their papers and left the room.

“Can you believe that?” Lisa asked. Dr. Chang acted like he didn’t hear her.

“Hey, does this kind of shit happen a lot around here?” Lisa asked.

Dr. Chang walked to the bedside and said, “I once left a whole box of gloves in a patient after a surgery, people are people, we make mistakes.”

“They used me as a demonstration dummy, who does that?” Lisa asked.

“Obviously our staff,” Dr. Chang said.

Then Lisa remembered Toby. “Where’s my beaver?” she asked.

“That’s still intact, we didn’t remove that,” Dr. Chang replied.

“No, I mean Toby.”

“You call your vagina Toby?”

“No, I mean my friend Toby, he’s a beaver, and he was here when I came to the E.R. three weeks ago.”

“I have no idea, we don’t allow pets in the hospital.”

“He’s not a pet, he’s my friend,” Lisa snapped back.

“You’ll have to talk to the social worker, I’m just a doctor, do you have any concerns I should know about before I go?”

“When do I get to leave?” Lisa asked.

“You can leave whenever you want,” Dr. Chang replied.

“What about all these wires and crap?”

“I’ll send a nurse in, you’ll have paperwork to sign at discharge.”





Two hours later a tall blond woman entered the room. She had perfect makeup, curves from top to bottom and tits that looked like two water balloons stuffed under her shirt. “Hi, I’m Cindy, I hear you want to go home?”

“Yeah, I’m sick of this place,” Lisa said.

“I see, let me take all these things off you and get you on your way.”

Cindy, removed the I.V. and the oxygen and pulled up Lisa’s gown.

“What are you doing?” Lisa asked.

“I’m doing your exit exam, for my charting.”

“Alright,” Lisa said as Cindy ran her hands up and down all over her naked body.

“Does any of this hurt?” Cindy asked.

“No,” Lisa replied.

“I need to check your vagina to see if the infection is cleared up, can you raise your knees and spread your legs?”

Lisa did as asked and the woman placed her fingers inside Lisa’s vagina. She then began to move her fingers in and out and stroke her clit with her thumb.

“What are you doing?” Lisa asked. “Is that proper procedure?”

“Cindy pulled her fingers out and smelled them, then tasted them. “I don’t smell anything funny, I think you’re all healed up.”

“That’s how you test for infections?” Lisa asked.

“I used to work in the lab,” Cindy said.

“What does that say on your name tag?” Lisa asked. The name tag was turned so it was difficult to read.

Cindy turned the name tag backwards so it couldn’t be read. “It says Cindy Loo, Registered Nurse.”

“Let me read it,” Lisa said.

“I have to be going now,” Cindy said.

“Why all of a sudden?”

“My beeper is going off.”

“What beeper? I don’t hear anything.”

“Bye,” Cindy said and darted for the door.

Lisa hit her call button and waited for a response. Then a young woman wearing scrubs came in the room. “What can I do for you?” she asked.

“Where did that nurse go that was just in here?” Lisa asked.

“What nurse?” the woman asked.

“Tall, blonde, big tits?’

“We have no nurses that look like that,” the woman replied.

“Then who just molested me?” Lisa asked.

“Oh, that’s Cindy,” the woman replied.

“You know this woman?”

“Yeah, she works in housekeeping.”

“Housekeeping?” Lisa asked pissed. “She just took off all my stuff and fingered me.”

“Yeah, she does that.”

“What kind of fucked up hospital is this? How does a housekeeper take off I.V.’s and then molest a patient?’

“I don’t know, I don’t work here,” the woman said.

“You don’t work here? Then what the fuck are you doing in my room?” Lisa snapped back.

“I just like the pretty flowers,” the woman said and stood there like a freak.

“Is there a psych ward near here?” Lisa asked.

“This is the psych ward,” the woman replied.

“What?”

“You are in the psych ward of the hospital, you’re nuts.”

“No, I’m not,” Lisa said sliding her feet onto the floor. “I’m also not staying here any longer.” Lisa stood up and took a step when she was stopped suddenly by a tug on her backside. She turned around to see that she was tethered to the bed with a cord that came out her ass. “What’s this?” she asked looking behind her.

“That’s a butt plug restraint, they use that to keep you from leaving,” the woman replied.

“They shoved a butt plug in my ass? How was I taking a shit?” Lisa asked.

“I don’t know, I don’t work here, but I do like your pretty flowers,” the woman replied.

“How do I get this out?”

“It takes a key.”

“Where do I get a key?”

“I’ll go get you a nurse,” the woman said and turned to leave.

“Wait! Don’t go yet, I don’t want anyone to know I’m trying to leave.”

“Sure, but there isn’t much I can do.”

“Let me think, is there any way you can get me something to pry this out with? Like a butter knife?”

“Oh, you don’t want to do that, the more you try to pull it out, the bigger it gets. It has a motor,” the woman said.

“Fucking great, I’m tied to the bed with a butt plug restraint, in a psych ward and was used as a test dummy.”

“Who told you that?” the woman asked.

“Larry the lawyer and his partner,” Lisa replied.

“Oh, Larry isn’t a lawyer, he’s a patient here. His partner is his brother Jimmy. They think they’re lawyers, actually they were conjoined twins that were separated during a car accident. The trauma of being physically separated fucked with their minds and now they live here.”

“How about Dr. Chang, is he for real?” Lisa asked.

“No, he’s a poop eater,” the woman replied.

“How about you? Are you for real?”

“Yeah, I’m your doctor.”





 37


Window Licker





“The fuck you are,” Lisa said and yanked on the butt plug till it popped out leaving the restraint sitting on the bed. She rubbed her ass under her tail and soothed the pain. Just then she heard the sound of a familiar voice calling her name, it was Toby!

“I’m in here!” Lisa yelled.

A few seconds later Toby appeared in the doorway, he walked inside and looked at Lisa. “I’ve come to break you out!”

“How did you know they were keeping me here?” Lisa asked.

“I didn’t, I overheard two guys outside talking about you. They were wearing suits and had briefcases, looked like lawyers.”

“So they were real lawyers?” Lisa asked the woman standing next to Toby.

“Yes, but they’re still nuts,” the woman replied.

“Yeah, they were being loaded into a white van with bars on the windows,” Toby said. “One of them was trying to lick the window so I wasn’t exactly sure they were telling the truth about you, but after three weeks I was tired of waiting.”

“You waited for me? How nice,” Lisa said.

“Yeah, they made me leave the hospital so I slept on the bench outside. I had to fight off the bums for a place to sleep, you know what that’s like?” Toby asked.

“No, I’m not a bum,” she replied.

“Anyway, I got a gun and I’m breaking you out of this nut house, you ready?”

“What gun? I don’t see a gun,” Lisa said.

“I’d concealed, now let’s go.”

Lisa walked past the woman and followed Toby out into the hall. For the most part it was quiet except for the occasional poop eater and head banger.

“Watch out for the guys in white, they have the authority to kill,” Toby said. “Most of them are ex-military, hired to keep this place in line.” Toby gestured for Lisa to duck down low as they both scurried down the hall. Lisa’s hospital gown flopped in the breeze exposing her ass to the world.

“How far is it?” Lisa whispered.

“We have to get down six floors, we may have to scale on the outside of the building.”

“How? Did you bring ropes and gear to do that?” Lisa asked.

“No, you’ll have to use your toenails,” Toby said.

“I don’t think that will work, I’m scared of heights,” Lisa said.

“Then we’ll have to secure an elevator and leave that way. Ever kill a man before?” Toby asked.

“No, why?”

“If they spot us trying to leave us, we’ll have to use lethal force.” Toby said.

“Isn’t that a bit extreme?”

“Do you want to live with poop eaters and window lickers?” Toby asked.

“No.”

“Then get ready to kill if you have too, all you have to do is grab them by the jaw and snap their neck.”

“Why not use your gun?” Lisa asked.

“Too noisy, we have a long way to go and a short time to get there,” Toby said.

“Why are you reciting lines from “Smokey and the Bandit?”

“Liked that movie, sorry,” Toby said. “Now get rid of the gown, we need to be covert.”

“How is being naked covert?” Lisa asked.

“This is a nut house ward, they expect the residents to be naked.”

“Good point,” Lisa said and she took off her gown and was naked again. “I wish I could get this tail removed, we are in a hospital.”

“No time for that now, see that elevator over there?” Toby asked. “On my signal, we run for it. Ready, go!” he said and the two ran to the elevator. Toby pressed the down button and they stood there waiting for the elevator to get to the sixth floor. The lights lit up, the elevator made noise, but it took forever for the door to open. More nervous than ever, Toby decided to scan the room for enemy combatants. What he saw was a staff member standing by the television watching the screen and on the couch was a woman sniffing her hair. “Keep an eye on the woman,” Toby said. “I don’t trust her.”

“What about the staff guy?” Lisa asked.

“He’s busy watching television, he won’t be a problem.”

The door slid open and Lisa and Toby turned to get in, until they saw a lady with a food service cart.

“You can come in,” the woman said, “There is plenty of room.”

Toby and Lisa stepped onto the elevator and the door shut behind them. Toby clicked the button for the ground floor.

“What are you two up too?” the nice lady asked making conversation.

“We got lost looking for a friend,” Toby said. “Got off on the wrong floor.”

“What section is your friend in?” the woman asked.

Toby had to think on his feet, he didn’t want to have to kill this poor old food service lady. “He has some sort of disease he picked up from a hooker he met last week, I think they’re doing some procedure to remove her shoe from his ass.”

“That would be general surgery, third floor, you just passed it,” the woman said.

Now more nervous than ever, and caught in a lie, Toby jumped the old lady and grabbed her by the neck and snapped it. She fell face first onto her table and collapsed onto the floor of the elevator.

“Why did you do that?” Lisa asked.

“She was getting too nosey, I had to think fast,” Toby replied.

“You killed her for nothing.”

Toby tried to kick her body behind the mobile food table but she was too heavy for his little beaver body. “When the door opens, make a run for the front door of the hospital. If anyone tries to stop you, I’ll put a bullet in their brain, got it?” Toby asked.

The door opened with a ding and to their surprise, a full tactical team, decked out in black was waiting for them with guns pointed.

“On the ground!” was all Toby heard and down he went, face first arms and legs spread. “You too!” the cop yelled at Lisa and she dropped to her knees. A cop ran up and pushed Lisa down to the ground, placed a knee on her butt and cuffed her. He then picked her up and hauled her down the lobby, out the door and into a waiting tactical vehicle. Toby was right behind.





An hour later Lisa found herself being booked at the Lancaster law enforcement center. She had a mug shots, and fingerprints recorded and was placed in an interview room alone and still naked. Then the door opened and two officers walked in, one male, one female, both in polo shirts and slacks, each with a notepad and a badge.

Lisa looked at the male officer across the table she was sitting at and crossed her arms. She was already anticipating a confrontation and was getting ready for battle.

“Hello,” the male said, “My name is Detective Smith and this is my partner Detective Dombrowsky. We’re here to interview you about the murder of Madame Jane, but first I need to read you your rights. You have the right to remain silent, everything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law, and you have the right to an attorney, if you can’t afford an attorney, one will be provided for you, and do you understand these rights as I’ve explained them?”

“Madame Jane is dead?” Lisa asked.

“Yes or no, do you understand these rights?”

“Yes.”

Where were you on the night of August third?” Smith asked.

Lisa stared at Smith and thought hard. She had no idea. “I have no idea,” she replied.

“Do you know, or associate with a beaver named Toby Amparo?”

“He has a last name?” Lisa asked.

“Is that a yes or a no?”

“I know a beaver named Toby, I don’t know what his last name is,” Lisa replied. “Why are you accusing me of killing Madame Jane? I had no idea she was dead.”

Smith and Dombrowsky made notes on their pads. “What is the last memory you do have before being arrested?”

“Just waking up in the hospital, before that I was in the emergency room getting a rape check done.”

“When was that?”

“I don’t keep a calendar, I don’t have pockets,” Lisa replied.

“We did some checking and according to the hospital records, you were at the emergency room on September seventeenth, a full three weeks prior to waking up in the hospital. Do you have any recollection of what transpired during those three weeks?”

“No,” Lisa said.

“Are you claiming amnesia?” Smith asked.

“I’m not claiming anything, last I knew a doctor was shoving a Q tip up my crack and the next you guys are hauling me down the station for a murder I didn’t commit.”

The two detectives again wrote down notes in their notepads.

“We know you killed Madame Jane, that’s an undisputed fact,” Dombrowsky stated. “Amparo ratted you out.”

“Please call him Toby, Amparo sounds funny,” Lisa asked.

“Fine, Toby turned you in, and we have video evidence to back his claim, as well as blood and fingerprint evidence.”

“Say what you want, Toby didn’t say shit,” Lisa said.

“He’s not your friend, when the shit hits the fan, it’s everyone for themselves and he made a deal with the district attorney in exchange for his testimony.”

“Alright, humor me, what did he say I did?”

“He said you and him broke into Madame Jane’s apartment, threatened to kill her if she didn’t remove your tail. She refused, you attacked her with a kitchen knife and in the struggle, you stabbed her in the chest and she managed to toss you out the second story window. She succumbed to her injuries and died at the scene twenty minutes later,” Dombrowsky said.

“Sorry, never happened,” Lisa said.

“We can show you the video of you entering the residence and of you falling out the window. Do you want to see it?”

“No, I think this interview is over,” Lisa said.

“We have a few more questions for you,” Smith chimed in.

“What part of “You have the right to remain silent” don’t you understand?” Lisa asked.

“Toby also said that you planned the murder in advance, is that true?” Dombrowsky asked.

“Even if that were true, what difference does that make?”

“The difference between life in prison and lethal injection,” Smith replied.

“Like I said, I have no memory of anything. If I did, I wouldn’t tell you anyway, what do you think I am? Stupid?”

“You did leave a lot of evidence at the scene, it was the work of an amateur. I’m not saying you're stupid, but a pair of gloves might have helped.”

“See, you answered your own question, if I had indeed committed this crime, and I planned it out in advance, I would have brought gloves, the fact that there are no gloves shows there was no planning.”

“Is that a confession?” Dombrowsky asked.

“No, I’m playing your stupid game. Punching holes in your ridiculous theory. If I fell from the second story window, where are my injuries?”

Detective Dombrowsky lifted a page from her notebook and pulled out a scan of an x ray and placed it on the table. “This is your X ray taken that night, you have three fractured ribs.”

Lisa leaned over and took a look at the X ray, her name was on it as well as the name of the hospital. She could clearly see the fractures in the ribs.

“This is a fake,” Lisa said.

“I thought you might say that,” Dombrowsky replied. “People like you will never believe anything. No amount of evidence will ever convince you. We have Amparo’s statement, and more than enough physical evidence to convict, is there anything else you’d like to say before we conclude the interview?”

“Yeah, piss off,” Lisa replied.





 38


Trial





“Call your first witness,” the judge said.

“The prosecution calls Toby Amparo to the stand,” the prosecutor stated.

Toby heard his name and scampered up to the witness box. The bailiff swore him in and the prosecutor approached.

“Mr. Amparo, may you state your species for the record?” the prosecutor asked.

“You can call me Toby, nobody calls me Amparo, not even my parole officer. I’m a beaver,” Toby replied.

“How long have you known the defendant?”

“Oh, six, eight weeks now?” Toby replied.

“How would you describe your relationship with the defendant?”

“We never had sex if that’s what you’re getting at, oh, no, actually we did once in a shower.”

“So you were romantically involved? Lovers per se?” the prosecutor asked.

“No, more like fuck buddies,” Toby replied.

Lisa stewed in her chair knowing full and well that Toby was lying and that they were not “fuck buddies.”

“So you didn’t have a dating relationship with her.”

“Are you asking me or telling me?” Toby asked.

“Asking.”

“No, we didn’t date, not my type, way too bitchy if you ask me.”

“In you time with her, did you notice a proclivity towards violence?” the prosecutor asked.

“Oh fuck yeah, this is one hot headed bitch, I had to walk on eggshells around her or get my ass reamed. Did I tell you about the time she gave me to Madame Jane? Oh, she left me behind, knowing full well that cunt was going to cut off my tail and make stew out of me.”

“She allowed Madame Jane to kill you? But you are still alive?”

“Long story, but I’m back, and that bitch over there let me die!” Toby yelled. The bailiff stepped in close in case he had to restrain Toby.

“Did you ever hear Miss Marie threaten to kill Madame Jane?”

“Yes, the night she murdered her, she said she wished she was dead, she said nobody puts a tail on her.” Toby replied.

“Did you go to her apartment with the intent of killing her?”

“I didn’t, she did,” Toby said looking at Lisa.

“Did you bring any weapons with you?”

“No, Lisa didn’t have any pockets, she planned on using a kitchen knife.”

“She told you this?”

“We discussed it over supper,” Toby replied. “She used her steak knife to demonstrate how she was going to stab that bitch, her words not mine, and make her pay.”

“Did you try to stop her?” the prosecutor asked.

“I was scared for my life, she had turned into a psycho bitch from hell and I thought she’s cut me up next if I didn’t do what she said.”

“So you were an unwitting pawn in her evil scheme?”

“Yes, unwitting is a good choice of word,” Toby replied.

“No more questions your honor,” the prosecutor said.

The judge spoke up, “Defense, your witness,” and picked his nose.

The defense lawyer stood up and walked over to Toby shaking his head in disbelief. “Do you expect these fine jurors to believe that crock of shit you just spooned them?”

“That’s sort of a loaded question don’t you think asshole?” Toby replied.

“Is it true, Mr. Amparo that you are indeed a rat?”

“It is true that I am a member of the rodent family, but no, I’m not a rat, I’m a beaver.”

“Isn’t that just splitting hairs? Beaver, rat, same thing.”

“No, not the same thing you douche bag,” Toby replied. “Do you have a question or are you going to call me names all day?”

The defense addressed the court, “Your honor, may I have permission to treat this witness as “hostile.”

“Why? You just called him a rat, I think he has the right to defend himself,” the judge replied.

“But your honor, this thing, this rotten stinking flea infested animal, is going to lie, it’s in its nature.”

The judge replied, “My wife’s uncle is a squirrel, technically a rodent and has been a fine upstanding citizen all his life. He has his own dental practice and has never had even a speeding ticket. I find your gross overgeneralizations appalling.”

“I hope you didn’t take my comments wrong your honor, I consider squirrels to be cute, fun loving creatures that populate our parks and make our lives better,” the defense said kissing ass.

“Nice save, now get on with something of substance or let this witness go,” the judge said.

The defense scratched his chin and thought for a second. He turned to Toby and asked, “Is it not true, that you are in fact, the ring leader and it was your idea to murder Madame Jane because she had killed you once before?”

“I was pissed, I’ll grant you that, but no, it wasn’t my idea to kill her, that stupid bitch and her narcissism, couldn't hack having a tail, something that I’ve had all my life and wanted to get petty revenge. I got my life back, I am fine, I may not like that bitch for making stew out of me, but I got my life back, Lisa didn’t”

“She could have had the tail removed, why kill her?” the defense asked.

“I don’t know what goes on in her mind, everyone makes choices,” Toby replied.

“Once again I ask, why should she kill her?”

The prosecution stood and said, “Objection, the witness can’t speak for the defendant.”

“Sustained,” the judge said. “Next question.”

The defense walked back to his table and looked at his notes. He turned and asked, “You say you feared for your life, why not run to the police?”

Toby took a second to answer. “The police don’t take kindly to rodents,” Toby replied. “I didn’t think they’d do anything.”

“I see, then why didn’t you just leave?”

“What do you mean?”

“Walk away, you’re not married to her, you claim you were just “fuck buddies.” You could have left at any time. Does this woman have some sort of strange powers over you?”

“Stop trying to pin this on me, she’s the one with the fingerprints on the knife, not me,” Toby said.

“What’s to say you didn’t plant those prints?” the defense asked.

“That’s a stretch,” Toby replied.

“There is a seven minute gap on the video from when you entered the building to when she fell from the second story window. You had plenty of time to plant evidence.”

“I had no idea we were being taped,” Toby said.

“That’s irrelevant, you still had plenty of time to frame my client and then shove her out the window.”

“You think I’m strong enough to pick her up and shove her out the window? She weighs like a hundred and fifty pounds. I’m a foot and a half tall and weigh forty pounds,” Toby said.

“Let me ask you this, what do beavers do?” the defense asked.

“Eat and make little beavers?” Toby replied.

“What else?”

“I like to play my banjo.”

“What are beavers known for?”

“The sixties space program?”

“No! Building dams!” the defense yelled.

“Yeah, I suppose,” Toby replied.

“Beavers cut down trees and make dams out of them, I would think it wouldn't be too much of a stretch to say that an animal capable of moving a tree could move a woman.”

“Using that logic I would have to agree,” Toby said.

“Good, now why don’t you do the court a favor and confess right now so we can get this circus over?”

“I confess I moved a few trees in my day, that is,” Toby said.

The defense shook his head in disgust and went back to his notes. “I have nothing else for this witness,” the defense said and Toby took his regular seat.

The judge spoke up again, “Prosecution, call your next witness.”

“The prosecution calls Officer Dustin Ramos to the stand,” the prosecutor said.

The court was silent as the uniformed officer took his place in the witness box.

“Officer Ramos, what was your duty the night of the murder?”

“I was on patrol,” Ramos replied.

“What did you observe when you came to the crime scene?”

“I saw a woman lying on the sidewalk, and then when I went upstairs I saw Madame Jane sitting in a chair bleeding from a chest wound.”

“Was she still alive?”

“Yes, but she was acting strange, like she was in shock or something.”

“Was there a lot of blood?”

“Oh yeah, the chair, the carpet, covered in blood,” Ramos replied.

“Did she say anything to you?”

“Yeah, she told me to take the knife out.”

“Did you?”

“No, it was already out, the rat had it.”

“That’s all she said?”

“Well, she did say something else, but I didn’t understand what it was, it sounded like she was asking for tail.”

“Tail?”

“Usually when someone wants tail, they mean they want to get laid. I don’t think she wanted to get laid then. But I’m sure she was grumbling something about getting tail, or more tail, I can’t remember.”

“Then what happened?” the prosecution asked.

“She rolled her head to the side and croaked,” Ramos replied.

“Where was the beaver when this was going on?”

“He was playing with the knife,” Ramos replied.

“What? Playing with the knife?”’

“Yeah, when I got there, he was walking in the room with a knife in his hand.”

“Walking from where?”

“The staircase leading to the street,” Ramos replied.

“Did you think it odd that the beaver would have the murder weapon in his hand?”

“Oh sure, I asked him where he got it.”

“And what did he say?”

“He said it fell out the window and he wanted to get it for me.”

“How often does that happen?” the prosecutor asked.

“In my career? Never,” Ramos replied.

“Did you think for a second that the beaver was down on the street planting fingerprint evidence on the murder weapon?”

“No, didn’t cross my mind,” Ramos replied.

“How long have you been a cop?”

“Eighteen months,” Ramos replied.

“Did they teach you anything about crime scene evidence handling at the academy?

“Yeah, why? Did I do something wrong?” Ramos asked.

“I would like to call for a recess you honor,” the prosecutor stated.

“On what grounds?” the judge asked.

“I think I’m getting sick,” the prosecutor replied realizing he might have just sunk his own case with his line of questioning. Now he had to find a way to dig himself back out of the hole. But maybe it was too late, things weren’t looking too good for Toby. It would be a matter of time before the jury had the case and a decision was handed down.





 39


Preacher





Toby sat in a cell on death row. With what amounted to as a confession on the witness stand, the judge threw out the case against Lisa and Toby was put on trial. He was quickly found guilty of the first degree murder of Madame Jane. Today was his execution day and he was meeting with a preacher.

“How are you feeling today?” the preacher asked.

“I feel like shit, what kind of question was that?” Toby snapped back.

“Sorry, just trying to make conversation. Have you made peace with your maker?”

“I’ve died before, I’m not worried,” Toby replied.

“I heard about that, you were made into stew and then reborn into the body of a killer?”

“Yep, thanks for the recap, what do you want?”

“I’m here in case you need comfort” the preacher said.

“Comfort is two Asian hookers giving me a massage with benefits?”

“I could possible arrange the message if you’d like.”

“No way, I’ve heard of a last meal, but never a last blow job,” Toby said.

“I could do that for you if you like,” the preacher said. “I’ve had training.”

“Toby gagged and wretched. “No thanks, you’re not my type.”

“Just trying to help,” the preacher replied.

“So now what?” Toby asked. “Are you going to feed me some bull from your bible?”

“No, I’m here to make you feel safe on your journey, in case you need someone to talk too.”

“Well, I do have about three hours, what do you want to talk about?” Toby asked.

“This is about you my son, not me, what do you want to talk about?”

Toby thought hard for a moment. “How do they get girls to do that cheap ass porn stuff?” he asked.

“What?” the preacher asked.

“Yeah, you can go to these internet porn sites and see these girls banging themselves on a couch or doing lesbian shit, how do they get them to do that?”

“I would assume they pay them?” the preacher asked.

“Yeah I know that, but how do they find these girls? At the grocery store?” Toby asked.

“You’re asking the wrong person,” the preacher said. “I don’t look at porn.”

“Bullshit, everyone looks at porn, hell my grandma looks at porn,” Toby said. “And she lives in the woods.”

“I’d rather not discuss this,” the preacher said.

“You want me to be comfortable, then I’m talking porn.”

“Well, I don’t have much to say about that.”

“Don’t you like sex?” Toby asked.

“Yes, I do have two children.”

“Don’t tell me you’ve had sex twice.”

“Of course not, me and my wife have a normal married sex life,” the preacher said.

“Is she hot?”

“My wife?”

“Yeah, what does she look like?” Toby asked.

“She’s an average looking woman,” the preacher replied.

“Does she have big tits?” Toby asked.

“Average I would say.”

“How about her ass?” Toby asked.

“I’m not discussing my wife’s ass with you.”

“Oh, I see, must be pretty fat,” Toby said.

“My wife isn’t skinny, but she’s not fat either,” the preacher said.

“Does she shave?” Toby asked.

“She shaves her legs, yes,” the preacher replied.

“No, I mean her snatch, does she have a bald pussy?”

“No, she is natural down there.”

“So you get pubes in your teeth?” Toby asked.

“What are you implying?”

“You don’t go down on her?” Toby asked.

“Absolutely not, that is disgusting,” the preacher replied.

“You were willing to go down on me ten minutes ago, must not be that disgusting.”

“It’s part of my comfort cares, I having training on how to do that,” the preacher said.

“They teach you how to give blow jobs in preacher school?” Toby asked.

“Yes, but it’s not like what you think, we don’t think of it as sexual, we think of it as comforting.”

“That’s fucked up. They don’t teach you to comfort women?” Toby asked.

“No, not like that, most women don’t desire sex like men, women can be comforted emotionally.”

“So, back to your wife, does she take it in the ass?”

“I would never do that, you can’t make babies that way.”

“You only have sex to make babies? How dull is that?” Toby asked.

“Don’t try to make it sound like I have sex all the time, we only do it twice a month.”

“Maybe you only have sex twice a month, but I bet she’s getting it on the side.”

“Why do you say that?” the preacher asked.

Women are far hornier than you give them credit for. I bet she gets laid three times a week, does she work?”

“Yes.”

“Where?”

“She works here at the prison, in the office,” the preacher replied.

“How often do you see her?”

“I spend most of my time at the church, I see her when she gets home.”

“Does she ever get frisky?”

“No.”

“Do you?”

“Yes, on the days we have scheduled for sex.”

“How does she act on those days?”

“She does what a good wife is supposed to do. She undresses, lies on her back and spreads her legs.”

“That’s it?” Toby asked.

“Yes, what’s wrong with that?”

“How do you get hard?”

“This discussion is over!” the preacher stated. “Now do you want a blow job or not?”

“Not, now have you ever found anything that would lead you to think your wife was getting it on the side?” Toby asked.

The preacher was silent.

“Yep, I knew it, what did you find? Letters? A dildo under her mattress? Sex marks?”

“She got pregnant! There you go, are you happy?” the preacher yelled.

“Oh shit, didn’t mean to piss you off.”

“Six times!” the preacher yelled again. “Six fucking times! Then she had me pay for her abortions!”

“Now calm down, I don’t want you going all nuts on me,” Toby said.

The preacher leaned back and rested his head on the wall. He closed his eyes and made a fist. “I want to kill that cunt so bad I can taste it. Tell me what it was like to kill Madame Jane, I’ll never know the sweet joy of ending a life. I think about choking her out and cutting her up almost every day, tell me how that feels?”

“Feels awesome, try it sometime,” Toby said.

“No, describe it to me, I need more than “awesome.” the preacher said.

“I stuck her with a knife, it felt great,” Toby said. “I got the bitch back for making me into soup. I got my sweet revenge.”

“The girl, why did you toss her out the window?” the preacher asked.

“I didn’t, Madame Jane did trying to defend herself. She thought Lisa was going to come after her when I pulled the knife. Once Lisa was on the ground, I stabbed the cunt in the chest. It was such a rush!” Toby said.

“I envy you so much,” the preacher said. “I wish I had the balls to do that.”

“Do it, what’s the worst they can do? Kill you?” Toby said with a smile.

“If I get you out, would you do it for me?” the preacher asked.

“Get me out? I’m on death row,” Toby said.

“I have ways, since I’m in the ministry, I have access to people and places no one else does.”

“What do I get out of it? I get a needle in the arm either way,” Toby said.

“You get the satisfaction that you helped another man in need.”

“So you get off free? I don’t think I’ll get much satisfaction killing a woman I don’t even know.”

“Fine, you’ll be dead in three hours anyway,” the preacher said and stood up. He called for the guard and waited to be escorted out. “May God have mercy on your soul,” the preacher said and he left Toby to himself to stew.





Three hours later Toby was hauled out of his cell by prison guards to be taken to the electric chair, although the chair had been outlawed, there was no veterinarian available to do the lethal injection so an alternative method needed to be found so they dusted off the old chair and hooked it up again.

Toby took the long walk down the dark and foreboding hallway to the execution gallery. His footsteps echoed off the walls and his shadow cast a hard reflection on the floor.

“How’s it feel knowing you’re about to die?” one of the guards asked.

“Well, from my experience, I’d say it sucks,” Toby replied.

“Yeah, I heard about that, you’re the amazing retro rabbit.”

“I’m not a rabbit dumb ass, I’m a beaver, and I have no idea what you mean by “retro?”

“I know, but it sounded good,” the guard replied.

Once in the chamber, Toby was strapped down to the chair and a metal cap was placed on his head. A prison official stepped in and announced to the spectators, “We are here to witness the execution of Toby Amparo, convicted of the murder of Madame Jane. It is with the full authority of the court and this state that we conduct this execution, by law, on this date. Is there any last words the condemned would like to say at this time?”

“Toby shuffled in his seat and thought for a moment, then he said, “You know what I can’t stand? And I don’t know if it’s just me, but when they put a show on television about rich people, stupid people watch it like they were diabetics eating candy. I mean, who wants to watch someone driving a better car than you? Or living in a better house?

People are so stupid, it takes very little to entertain them and they will take whatever you spoon feed them. And what’s up with all this celebrity worship? Who gives a flying fuck what these people do on their off time? They take shits just like the rest of us, they all do the same shit, just because they got a lucky break doesn’t make them special.

Maybe it’s a good thing I’m leaving this Earth, just to get away from the stupid people who will go to theme park on a Saturday so they can wait in line an hour to go on a ride. To get away from people who buy t-shirts and coffee mugs with pseudo celebrities faces printed on them. To get away from people who post what they watch on television on Facebook. What fucking retards.

Are we mining coal, and polluting our skies with carbon just so you can post your favorite meme on your Facebook page? Is that sort of technology even needed? How did our ancestors survive without a fucking smartphone? Do I need to know that your sister had an abortion or that your cat likes to lick its balls on YouTube? Oh fucking God! Kill me now!”

“Are you done?” the state official asked.

“Toby nodded dripping with sweat.

Then the phone rang and the state official picked it up, he nodded a few times and hung it back up. “I just received word from the governor, Toby Amparo has been given a full pardon in the murder of Madame Jane. Seems she has not been deemed a former enemy of the state and Mr. Amparo is a hero. You can release him now, you are a free beaver.”





 40


Pool man





Two days later Toby showed up at the house he was supposed to be working at, he didn’t know if he still had the job cleaning the yard and the pool, but what else was he going to do? Although he was granted a pardon, he was still felt like a felon and didn’t think he could land a better job. Toby rang the doorbell and Lisa answered, she was wearing her uniform, stockings, garter, heels and a head band that looked like something a French maid would wear.

Toby spoke first. “Hi, how you doing?”

Lisa was still pissed, “You threw me under the buss asshole! You called me a narcissist!”

“I had my reasons,” Toby said.

“Yeah, to save your own ass.”

“You are a narcissist, didn’t you want to be a porn model originally? Isn’t that what got you into this mess in the first place?”

Lisa didn’t have a comeback for that so she changed the subject. “What do you want?” she asked.

“I was wondering if I could have my old job back.”

“You’ll have to speak with Henry or Theresa and they are busy right now.”

“Busy doing what? Is Henry butt fucking the butler?”

“No, they are out shopping for new carpet,” Lisa replied.

Toby looked at the yard and saw that it was recently mowed. “Who’s been doing the yard work?”

“They have a guy named Maximo that comes in once a week.”

“Maximo? Sounds like the guy from Gladiator,” Toby said. “Is he Greek?”

“I don’t know, all I know is walks around without a shirt on half the time, has five percent body fat, has a ripped body and makes me cream every time I see him. I can feel my ovaries pulse whenever he’s near, it’s like sex radar.”

“Sounds like I’m out of a job,” Toby said.

“No, Henry hates him, can’t wait to get rid of him.”

“Why? Won’t Maximo let Henry ass fuck him?”

“Exactly, he tried a few times and it pissed Henry off, these people are loaded and are used to getting what they want.”

“Does that mean that if I want my job back I have to let Henry butt rape me?”

“No, Henry isn’t into bestiality, you’re safe,” Lisa replied.

“Do you know when they’ll be back?”

“I’d say in an hour or so, you want to come in and wait?”

“Sure, you have any diet soda?” Henry asked.

“No, they don’t drink soda, just cherry punch and wine coolers,” Lisa replied.

“They still make wine coolers?” Toby asked stepping into the house. “What is it again they have you do around here?” Toby asked.

“I dust, wipe off tables, sometimes make their bed if they’re not around, mostly I sit around and watch television,” Lisa replied.

“Why do they need you?”

“Eye candy, I’m here to make Theresa happy, rub up against her, and flirt with her, stuff like that.”

“I thought you were fucking her?” Toby asked.

“Not anymore, she had a leg removed due to her diabetes and now she’s in a wheelchair. The best she can do now is play with my tits now and then.”

“Sounds like an awesome job to me,” Toby said.

“No, it sucks, I’m bored all fucking day. It’s like I’m working in a nursing home.”

“Then apply for a different job,” Toby said.

“I can’t, they’re charging me rent now so I don’t have enough money to move out, and it’s there way of trapping me here.”

Then a van pulled up to the front, it was Henry and Theresa back from carpet shopping.

“I have to help them,” Lisa said. “They have a hard time running the lift.” Lisa walked as fast as she could down the steps to the van parked on the street. She opened the back doors and pressed a button that allowed a metal lift to carry Theresa and her wheelchair to the street. Toby scurried up next to her.

Theresa took notice and said, “Hey, it’s Toby, the hero of Lancaster, you came back!” with a smile.

Toby didn’t know how to react. “Uh, thanks,” he said.

“You hear for your old job back?”

“Sure, if I can,” Toby replied.

Theresa was now clear of the lift and was using her electric wheelchair to speed up the driveway to the ramp that led to a new door they had installed. Toby kept up pace.

“When can you start?” Theresa asked.

“I can start today,” Toby replied.

“Good, Henry will be glad, now we can get rid of that Greek. I want you to get started on the pool right away, it’s a disaster, I think it’s getting a green tint to it, disgusting.”

“Right away Ma’am,” Toby said and scampered off to the back yard where he found something he never thought he’d find. A man lying by the edge of the pool, on his back, looking like he was ready to die.

Toby ran to the man and began cpr, it didn’t take long for the man to come around and gain consciousness. The man sat up and looked around, he seemed dazed and confused, but managed to ask, “Where’s Lisa?”

To Toby’s shock, this man knew Lisa and for some reason, looked vaguely familiar. Then he put two and two together, this was the man Lisa was with when he found her hiding in the Subway shop in Sparksville. This is the guy who shot him in the face. At first anger overcame Toby, then it quickly subsided, He was a monster when that occurred, influenced by the man he overcame. He was part murderer and part Toby, but now he was back to who he was, he couldn’t hold a grudge anymore.

“What’s your name?” Toby asked.

“Judd, my name is Judd, where is Lisa?”

Just then Toby heard Lisa yell and turned to see her running in her heels over to the man sitting up next to him. Judd was still dripping wet, and smelled like the river.

“Judd! How did you get here?” Lisa asked.

“I went back to the farm where they abducted us, I asked around and this beaver told me she saw you dive in the river near a narrow part and disappeared. I dove in to see if I could find your body and ended up here?”

“Beaver? What beaver?” Toby asked.

“She didn’t give me her name, but she did have these big loop earrings and wore some really dark blue eye shadow.”

“That’s my mom,” Toby said.

“Oh, she was real nice, she offered me some twigs and bark.”

“Yeah, she’s like that, one of those typical corny moms, but I love her,” Toby said.

“Anyway, I jumped in the river and got sucked into this tube and ended up in that pool.”

“Yeah,” Lisa said. “I made that trip like two or three times. You’re no longer in Sparksville, this is Lancaster.”

“Lancaster? Never heard of it, but I had to know what happened to you after that killer abducted you from Subway, whatever happened to him?” Judd asked.

“He’s sitting next to you,” Lisa replied.

Judd looked at Toby and back to Lisa. “No, that guy was like six and two hundred pounds.”

“It’s a long story, but Toby is the guy who took me, he’s not the same guy he used to be so don’t worry. He’s all about being a nice beaver now.”

Toby spoke up, “Yeah, I’m sorry about all that, I wasn’t myself.”

“Oh, no problem, sorry about shooting you in the face then,” Judd replied.

“Look, it’s all healed up.”

Lisa took Judd by the arm and helped him stand. “Let’s get you to the house and cleaned up,” she said. She took him by the arm and escorted Judd to the back door and sat him down under the awning on a patio chair. She ran into the house and grabbed a towel from the bathroom and brought it back out and handed it to Judd.

“Thanks,” Judd said. “You said you made that trip two or three times? How do you get back to Sparksville?” he asked.

Toby spoke up, “You have to find a witch and give her a talking beaver to kill, it’s complicated but trust me, it works.”

“So I can get back eventually?” Judd asked.

“Maybe, we got lucky, or should I say I got lucky, Toby kind of got screwed, but if there was a way then, there must be more ways,” Lisa said. “But it will take some looking. In the meantime, we need to get you a place to stay.”

“Where are you staying?” Judd asked.

“I live here and work here, so does Toby,” Lisa replied.

“Do you think they’d let me stay until I figured out how to get back home? How far away is Sparksville from here?”

“Lancaster and Sparksville don’t exist in the same dimension, they are only connected by that tube, I think it may be a wormhole,” Lisa said.

“So I may never get home?”

“Maybe not, unless you have a pair of red ruby shoes you can click your heels with,” Lisa said trying to lessen the tension.

“What if I can’t get home? My family, my friends.”

“I don’t know what to say, you just got here, you’ll find a way,” Lisa said.

Now defeated, Judd laid his head back in his chair and closed his eyes. “Now what the fuck have I got myself into?” he asked.

“Hey, I met a photographer down at the mall, he might need help, and how does that sound?” Lisa asked.

“How is that going to get me back to my family?” Judd asked.

“It won’t, I’m trying to get your mind off this for a while. Now remember that model shoot you and I were going to do? I think we should do it, just like you promised.”

“In case you didn’t notice, I didn’t bring my camera with me, I rarely swim with it,” Judd said sardonically.

“I can get you a different camera, don’t worry about that. I want to be a famous porn model, and you are the man that’s going to make me famous, isn’t that exciting?” Lisa asked.

“Yeah, and we can get abducted again and I can be forced to jerk off into a cup again.”

“Stop being such an ass, I’m trying to help you!” Lisa snapped back.

“These people you work for, are they normal?” Judd asked.

Lisa hesitated, “Normal enough,” she replied.

“Explain,” Judd said.

Then Toby spoke up. “The wife is a lesbian diabetic that likes to molest the help and the husband has been butt fucking the butler for over thirty five years.”

“Is that why you dress like that?” Judd asked.

“Yeah, Theresa likes the way I look, she pays me to be her eye candy.”

“At least you’re not jerking off into a cup,” Judd said.

“You will like them, I’ll see if you can use the spare room until you can get on your feet,” Lisa said.

“You might want to go to the sex shop down at the mall and buy a butt plug in case the husband can’t find the butler. Never know when a little protection might come in handy,” Lisa said.

Toby spoke up, “If you need a butt plug, I can chew one out of a branch for free if you don’t mind splinters.”

“No thanks, I don’t need splinters in my asshole,” Judd replied. “But thanks for offering.”

“Do you want something to drink?” Lisa asked.

“Sure,” Judd said. “Whatever you got is fine, I need to get this river water taste out of my mouth.”

“Alright,” Lisa said and opened the patio door to the kitchen to get some cherry punch. What she saw when she opened the door horrified her and she let out a scream that could be heard throughout the entire house. “Please! Don’t kill me! She yelled and slipped on the bloody floor onto her ass.





 41


Revenge





What Lisa saw was Henry naked, bending over the kitchen counter with the butler standing behind him with full anal penetration. The butler was holding a knife sticking in Henry’s back, and Henry didn’t look happy about it.

“Help!” Lisa yelled and Toby and Judd ran in the kitchen.

“Oh my fucking God!” Toby yelled. “The butlers got a knife!”

The butler pulled the knife from Henry’s back and stabbed him three more times. When satisfied, he let Henry slide off the counter and fall to the floor. There, standing naked and bloody, the butler laughed and said, “It’s about time, that pervert deserved everything he got.”

“But you were butt fucking him, not the other way around,” Toby said.

“He made me do that, I detested every second of his sick perversions, for thirty seven years, I either took it in the ass or put mine in his, now I’m free.”

“Why didn’t you quit years ago?” Toby asked.

“I couldn’t, he blackmailed me. Years ago he caught me fucking his wife, and he said he would tell my wife if I didn’t let him have his way with me. My wife died on Monday, he can’t hold it over me any longer.”

“You’ve waited thirty seven years for your revenge?” Toby asked. “All while working with the woman you fucked? How did your wife not know?”

“My wife is none of your business, she’s dead now, and so is he.”

“Now what?” Toby asked.

“Now I kill the bitch, she was in on it too, they paid me fifty dollars a week for thirty seven years, never a raise, never a vacation, and never any sick time. I had to work the day of my daughter’s birth and the day of her funeral. I am going to stick this knife into that bitch’s neck and watch her bleed out onto the floor. Then I’m going to stomp on her body like one of those kids bounce houses. I am finally getting what I deserve!”

Then a voice from the opposite side of the room, “Not so fast mister!” Theresa yelled, she was in the doorway, in her wheelchair holding a fireplace poker.

“What are you going to do with that?” the butler said with a grin.

“I’m going to fuck you up butler boy!” Theresa yelled.

The butler stepped over to the wheelchair and ripped the poker out of Therese’s hand. He raised it up and smacked her one remaining leg with enough force to tear open her slacks. “There you stupid cunt, take that!” the butler said.

“What are you? Batman? Who talks like that?” Theresa asked.

“No, I’m not Batman, why do you have to be such a bitch all the time? I’ve put up with your shit so long I’m ready to explode! Why I ever fucked you thirty seven years ago is beyond me, but then you weren’t so fat and pathetic back then.”

“Yeah, well you don’t look so great yourself jackass,” Theresa replied.

“What are you? Twelve? I’ve had more grown up conversations with a baboon,” the butler said.

“You are a baboon, a baboon’s ass. You’ve been ass fucked so many times you shit every time you walk. I know, I see your little shits all over the floor all day. I have to use a doggy pooper scooper just to keep up with you.”

“That wasn’t me that was Henry, I’ve worn an adult diaper for ten years now. I’ve been ass reamed so many times by your husband my hemorrhoids are impacted in my colon.”

“I don’t want to hear about your medical issues,” Theresa said. “I have enough of my own.”

The butler kicked Theresa in her stump and laughed. “You know that diabetic food I was supposed to be making for you? I never made any of it, I actually doubled the sugar just to fuck you up faster.”

“No wonder my A1c was so high, I thought all this time I was eating healthy!”

“You were eating as much raw sugar as I could get in you. I used to put extra sugar in your cherry punch, I’d spoon it in your mouth when you were sleeping, and you lost your leg because of me! Got that bitch? Me!” the butler yelled.

Theresa pushed the forward button on her power chair and rammed the butler in the shins knocking him to the floor. “That for you, you fucking ass!” Teresa yelled.

Toby whispered to Lisa, “How come none of us are helping?”

“This is too good,” Lisa replied. It was like watching a train wreck in slow motion.

“Yeah, if I only had popcorn,” Toby said.

Just then Theresa pushed herself off the wheelchair and thrust her obese body onto the butler who was lying on his back holding his shins in pain. When Theresa landed on top, he let out a breath as his ribs began to snap like dry kindling. In a few minutes, he was dead due to lack of oxygen.





Later that day, after the cops showed up, Lisa, Toby and Judd left the house, after stealing a nice camera and headed out to do the photo-shoot that Lisa and Judd planned to do in the first place. This time they picked a location that was on public ground, but was out of the way so nobody would see what they were doing. Lisa still planned to get naked and bang herself for the camera.

“Where do you want me to stand?” Lisa asked.

Toby spoke up, “Over by that tree.”

Judd didn’t like people hijacking his photo shoots and replied, “No, sit on the ground in that shady spot,” pointing to an open area.

“I like the tree better,” Toby said.

“I like the shade better,” Judd said, “I’m the photographer, this is my shoot, if you want to shoot models, get your own.”

“You don’t have to be such an asshole,” Toby said. “I’m just trying to help.”

“Well, if you want to help, shut your hole and stand behind me, I don’t want your shadow in the picture.”

Pissed, Toby walked around and stood behind Judd.

“Ok,” Judd said to Lisa. “Spread your legs and let me see what you got.”

Lisa spread her legs and showed Judd her freshly shaven clam. It was a work of art.

“Now, use your fingers and spread it apart, I want to see all your girly parts.”

Lisa complied and Judd got in close for a tight shot.

“Put a finger inside,” he said.

Lisa put a finger inside and said, “What should I do with my face?”

“Pretend like you’re having an orgasm,” Judd replied.

“Ok,” Lisa said and made a face like she was about to explode. “How is that?” she asked.

“Very nice, now roll to your right.”

Toby spoke up, “No, to your left,” he said.

Judd looked back at Toby and scowled at him. “Say one more thing and you’re out of here!”

Toby replied, “I’ve known her for a long time, she likes it when I help, right?” he asked Lisa.

Lisa didn’t reply.

“See, now leave us alone, go chew on a tree or something,” Judd said.

Pissed, Toby walked over to the side of the clearing and sat with his back to a tree. He folded his arms and stewed.

Judd went back to posing Lisa while Toby watched. Toby became jealous of the attention Lisa was getting from this man and fondly remembered shooting him in the face repeatedly. The feeling he had were now starting to simmer and he was not going to let this douche have his way with his girl. Toby waddled back over to Judd and looked over his shoulder. “That looks like hell,” Toby said.

Judd turned around and pointed at Toby, right in the face, “One more comment and you’re a dead beaver! You got me?”

Toby stood up and gave Judd the look that said, “Fuck with me, go ahead.”

“Don’t give me that shit, I’ll fuck you up, now get the fuck out of here!”

Toby looked over at Lisa who was doing a full spread pussy shot. She was getting annoyed as well. “What kind of photographer are you? You can’t set up a shot to save your life, look at your lighting, look at the background, you’re nothing but an amateur,” Toby said.

Judd set the camera down and stood up. He was a full three feet taller than Toby who refused to back down. It was like a classic western standoff, only no one had guns.

“Leave,” Judd said.

“This is public property and you’re making porn, I’m not going anywhere,” Toby replied.

“I’ll give you till the count of three.”

“Go for it fuck wad,” Toby replied.

“One, two...”

Just then Toby pulled a forty four magnum pistol from under his fur and pointed it at Judd’s face. “Are you sure about this big boy?”

“Where did you get that gun? It’s almost as big as you?”

“I have a conceal carry permit, I’d show it to you but I left it in my wallet at home,” Toby said.

“You’re going to shoot me over a photo shoot?” Judd asked.

“No, you threatened to kick me, nobody threatens me. How does it feel to be on the opposite side of the gun?” Toby asked.

“Sucks,” Judd replied.

“I like that, short and to the point.”

“Now what?” Judd asked. “You need to shit or get off the pot.”

“Oh, I’ll get off the pot alright,” Toby said. “Don’t you worry about that.”

“What’s going on?” Lisa asked, her finger still planted firmly in her vagina.

Judd spoke up, “Looks like your boyfriend here is planning to blow my head off.”

Lisa pulled her finger out and stood up. She walked as close as she dared to the two and said, “Toby, now you leave Judd alone, he didn’t mean any harm.”

Toby kept his eye on Judd, keeping the gun pointed at his head. “I’m sure he did, he just didn’t expect me to defend myself. Just because I’m small doesn’t mean I don’t pack a punch. Now what are you going to do motherfucker?” Toby asked.

Lisa spoke up, “Put down the gun, I’ll cancel the shoot, alright?”

“I want him to tell me how much of a fuck up he is first,” Toby said.

“You’re fucking nuts if you think I’m bowing down to you, you freaking rat.”

Toby smiled, “You think calling me a rat bothers me? I’ve been called a rat by worse men than you.”

For the longest time, all three stood there waiting for someone to make a move.



