 						ONE To endeavor to forget anyone is a 					certainway of thinking of nothing else. Jean de La Bruyre, Les Caractres 						(1688) 6th of July, 1830, early 						afternoon New York City GEORGIA EMILY MILTON rarely cared to notice any of 						the well-to-do men strutting about Broadway as it was a long-standing rule 						of hers to never yearn for anything she couldnt have and/or didnt need. 						But as she bustled down the crowded, respectable stretch of Broadway, 						heading back toward the not-so-respectable trenches of Little Water, an 						astonishingly tall, well-groomed gentleman strode toward her at a leisurely 						pace, making her not only slow but inwardly wish she had been born a 						lady.  Weaving past others to ensure a 						better view, she caught staggered glimpses of an impressive, muscled frame 						garbed in a gray morning coat, well-fitted trousers and an embroidered 						waistcoat with double-row buttons. Gloved hands strategically angled his 						dove-gray top hat forward and down to better shade his eyes against the 						bright sun gleaming across the surrounding stretch of shop 					windows.  His hat alone had to be worth 						two months of her wages.  As he smoothly rounded several 						people and strode toward her side of the pavement, his smoldering gray eyes 						caught and held hers from beneath the rim of his hat. The pulsing intensity 						of that raw, heated gaze bashed the breath out of her.  Tightening his jaw, he aligned 						himself directly in her path, the expanse between them lessening with each 						frantic beat of her heart. That black-leather-booted stride slowed when he 						finally came upon her. He formally albeit a bit too gravelyinclined his dark head toward her, 						publicly acknowledging her in a way his sort never did during the 						day.  He behaved as if he didnt see a 						rag in calico skirts, which had washed itself over from Orange Street, but 						an elegant young lady strolling alongside her mother with a lace parasol in 						hand. For making her feel so uncommonly attractive, Georgia considered 						blowing him a kiss. Fortunately, she knew how to keep herself out of 						trouble.  Glancing away, she set her chin 						as any respectable woman would, and sashayed past his towering frame, 						purposefully letting her own arm brush against his, only to stumble against 						the dragging skirts of a washerwoman who had rudely darted before her. Of 						all the  His large hand jumped out and 						grabbed hold of her corseted waist, balancing her upright with a swift jerk. 						Georgia froze as her reticule swung against her wrist, hitting the sleeved 						coat of his solid forearm that held her in place.  Her heart slid off into oblivion 						upon realizing her bum now dug against a solid, male thigh. His solid, male 						thigh.  His head dipped toward her from 						behind, his muscles tensing as he pressed her backside more possessively 						against his front side. His arm tightened around her waist. Are you all 						right, madam?  His voice was husky and refined, 						laced with a regal British accent that made the Irish girl in her inwardly 						put up both fists.  That I am, sir. Thank you. 						Trying to shake off the intimacy of that hold, Georgia tried to politely 						ease away.  He released her, his hand 						skimming from her waist toward the expanse of her back, making the skin 						beneath her clothing zing.  Her eyes widened as that same 						hand curved its way back up her side, intent on outlining the rest of her 						body.  Though she tried to peddle away, 						he tightened his hold on her upper arm and drew her back firmly toward 						himself. Madam.  Sucking in a breath, she jerked 						away and shoved him back hard, causing him to stumble. Dont you be gropin 						me!  Your bonnet. He held up both 						of his hands in a quick truce and gestured toward it. One of the ribbons 						came loose. That is all.  Oh. Her cheeks bloomed with 						heat as she reached up and patted around the curve of her bonnet trying to 						find it. How utterly humiliating. Im ever so sorry, sir. I didnt mean to 						actually  No worries. Allow me. Setting 						a large hand against the small of her back, he guided her with forceful 						nudges over to the shop window beyond, removing them from the pathway of 						hustling pedestrians.  Realizing that he intended to 						affix the ribbon himself, she glanced up wide-eyed. Theres really no need 						for you to  Yes, there is. You will lose 						the ribbon otherwise. Now, please. Hold still. He angled her toward himself 						and leaned in close, lifting the discolored, frayed ribbon dangling off the 						side of her bonnet.  Georgia awkwardly lingered 						before him as he wove the length of the ribbon back into place. Although she 						wanted to dash away, knowing that her bonnet was an atrocity not worth 						touching, sometimes a girl needed to gaze up at the stars that so willingly 						sought to shine. Even if those stars were far beyond the reach of a 						penniless girls imagination.  As his fingers skimmed her 						bonnet and tucked the ribbon, she resisted reaching up and grazing her hand 						adoringly against that smooth, shaven face. What, oh, what would it be like 						to belong to a man such as this?  Glimpsing a single black band 						fitted around the shifting gray coat of his bulking upper biceps, she 						glanced back up at him, her heart squeezing. He was in mourning.  Tis almost affixed, he 						offered conversationally, his eyes scanning her bonnet. He leaned in closer. 						Im using one of the other pins to keep it in place.  Thank you, she murmured, 						lowering her gaze.  His coat smelled like mulled 						spice and cedar. It was divinely warm and inviting, even on a summers day. 						The double row of buttons on his embroidered waistcoat shifted against the 						expanse of his broad chest as he finished maneuvering the last of her ribbon 						into place. She could tell by the reflective metal gleam of those buttons 						that they werent painted brass made to emulate silver, but were, in fact, 						real 						silver. Only an elite group of men in New York could afford silver buttons. 						It was an elite group she knew shed never be able to touch, not even with 						an outstretched toe.  There we are. Meeting her 						gaze, he drew his gloved hands away and offered in a low baritone, And how 						are you today, madam?  Blinking up at him, she noted 						the way his eyes and his brow had softened, lending to a boyish 						vulnerability that didnt match his imposing height of more than six feet. 						She tried to quell the anxious tingle knotting her stomach. Despite the full 						bustle on Broadway, this glorious man sought to share in a bit of 						conversation with her. Im very well, sir. Thank you.  She refrained from asking how he 						was out of respect for the band around his arm, and instead offered a 						flirtatious smile, gesturing toward the pleated rim of her bonnet. Rather 						impressive. Have you considered takin up haberdashery?  He slowly grinned, the edges of 						those handsome gray eyes and that firm full mouth crinkling, brightening his 						overly serious appearance. No. I havent.  Of course he hadnt. He had 						silver buttons. He probably owned every haberdashery in town. Or in the town 						from whence he came.  He shifted toward her, his large 						frame blocking whatever view she had of the street. Are you from around 						these parts?  She refrained from snorting. 						Youre overly kind, to be sure, but given that my bonnet cant even hold a 						ribbon, most certainly not. Only gold-feathered peacocks can afford these 						parts, sir. Im merely passin through.  Gold-feathered peacocks? He 						smirked and set his hands behind his back, broadening his impressive 						shoulders. Is that what you like to call those of wealth?  She scrunched her nose 						playfully. Nah, not really. Im bein polite, seein that youre one of 						them, and Ive roughed you up well enough.  A gruff laugh escaped his lips. 						Rest assured, I am quite used to it, he remarked, still intimately holding 						her gaze. Ive already endured more than my share of elbowing from the 						public given that Im British. Too many Americans still remember the burning of 						Washington, but I swear to you I didnt do it.  Georgia burst into laughter, 						smitten with his marvelously wry humor. Ah, now, can you readily blame 						them? You Brits are nothin but gadflies cloaked in a fancy 					accent.  He paused and leaned in, 						heatedly searching her face without any further attempt to mask his 						unabashed interest. Might I cease being polite for one brief moment and ask 						whether you would like to join me for coffee over at my hotel? Its been 						quite some time since I have allowed myself a moment of leisure. Honor 						me.  The wistful intensity lingering 						within that taut face was so galvanizing, it sent a tremor through her body. 						Though tempted to glimpse how the other half lived over the rim of a 						porcelain cup, she knew better than to involve herself with a man who wore 						silver buttons. It would never last beyond the toss of her skirts and a 						single night.  She eyed the people weaving 						past. I dont mean to be rude, sir, given that youve been nothin but 						kind, but I really ought to go. Ive a long day ahead of me. She gestured 						toward the pavement as if that explained everything.  His hopeful expression melted to 						disappointment. I understand and will detain you no more. He inclined his 						head, touching the tips of his gloved fingers to the satin rim of his hat. 						I bid you a very good day, madam.  By all that was blue, his 						manners were as divine as the rest of him. And a very good day to you, as 						well, sir. I appreciate the unexpected service you rendered my 						bonnet.  His mouth quirked. It was an 						honor to be of service. Good day. Stepping back, he eased his large frame 						around a passing couple. Glancing back at her one last time, he smiled and 						disappeared into the surrounding wall of bodies.  Georgia eased out a wistful 						breath knowing she had just glimpsed life as it might have been had she been 						born a genteel lady of high society. Ah, money. If only it could also buy a 						woman true love and happiness, she would be the first to dash into the local 						bank and point a pistol at every clerk, demanding tens and 					twenties.  Swiveling toward the opposite 						direction, Georgia resumed her steady march home, which was still a good 						forty-minute walk. Why couldnt such refined gentlemen exist in her part of 						town? It wasnt in the least bit fair that her only selection of men smacked 						the bottoms of passing women and whistled through crooked, unchalked teeth. 						Not for long, though. She was only six dollars short of moving west and 						couldnt wait to climb into that stagecoach and leave her piss of 						a life behind.  A towering, broad frame suddenly 						appeared beside her and veered in, startling her. Madam.  Her eyes widened. Upon her soul, 						it was her Brit. Slowing her step, she offered a quick, Yes?  He swung toward her, trotting 						backward in an effort to face her before jumping into her path and coming to 						an abrupt halt.  Georgia squeaked and skid to 						prevent herself from dashing herself against him.  He leaned toward her. I can 						only apologize for being so uncommonly bold, but I must have your 						name.  She glanced up in astonishment. 						And what do you intend to do with my name, sir?  He lifted a dark brow. Perhaps 						you and I can discuss that over coffee? Couldnt you make time for one small 						cup? Just one? My nickel.  What was he thinking? Did she 						really look the sort? I appreciate the offer, sir, but I dont drink 						coffee. Or men. Im swearin off both until I move west.  His eyes darkened. I am not 						asking you to drink me.  Despite the warmth of the day, 						another shiver of awareness grazed the length of her body, knowing full well 						what the man meant. Not yet you arent, but youre invitin me to join you 						for coffee at your hotel. I may be third-generation Irish, but that doesnt 						make me stupid.  He lowered his chin. Coffee was 						merely a suggestion.  Oh, I know full well what 						youre suggestin, and I suggest you leave off. Do I look desperate for a toss 						or 						coffee?  A smile ruffled his lips. Have 						mercy upon a smitten man. What is your name?  It was times like these that she 						hated her life. Such an attractive man graced with wealth and status would 						only ever view her as a one-night commodity. Although she knew better than 						to want more for herself, given that she was nothing but a Five Points 						widow, her dear Raymond had taught her she had a right to want the universe, 						and by God, she was going to get it.  There was only one way to go 						about protecting what little honor she had. Shed give him the name of the 						best prostitute in the ward. That way, everyone would benefit from her 						cleverness should he decide to hunt the name down. The name is Mrs. 						Elizabeth Heyer, sir. Emphasis on the Mrs. Sorry I cant join you. My 						husband wouldnt be pleased. She quickly rounded him. Now if youll excuse 						me  He stepped before her, blocking 						her from moving any farther. I ask that you provide your real name.  I just did.  He shook his head from side to 						side, never once breaking their gaze. It took a few breaths too long for 						you to answer and you didnt even look at me when you said it. Why? Do I 						unnerve you?  She glared up at him. If you 						havent noticed, Im tryin to take my leave.  If you were married, you would 						have mentioned it earlier. He leveled her with a reprimanding stare. Do 						you mean to say that you are the sort of woman who enjoys bantering with men 						whilst her husband isnt about? Shame on you if that is true, and shame on 						you if it isnt. Either way, the lady appears to be a liar.  Curse him for honing in on the 						details.  He leaned in. Dont deny that 						you are blatantly flirting with me in the same manner I am blatantly 						flirting with you.  Her eyes widened. She stepped 						back. If I were flirtin, youd know it, because Id be draggin you 						straight home instead of takin up coffee. Im not one to play games, sir. I 						either do somethin or I dont.  Then do something. His jaw 						tightened, his expression stilling. Im not married. An afternoon of 						conversation is all I ask. He met her gaze. For now.  The smooth but predatory way he 						said it caused her to instinctively step back. Regardless of the fact that 						she was no longer married, it was obvious the sanctity of matrimony meant 						nothing to him. And what shall I tell my husband, sir, should he ask how I 						spent my afternoon?  His eyes clung to hers as if 						methodically gauging her reaction. If you are indeed married, I will not 						only desist, but run. I am not interested in creating a mess for you 						or myself. 						I was merely looking to get to know a woman who genuinely piqued my 						interest. Is that wrong?  Georgia could feel her palms 						growing moist. Tempted though she was to experience one spine-tingling 						adventure of ripping off all the clothes of a most provocative stranger, she 						knew it wouldnt end well if Matthew and the boys were to ever find out. 						Theyd probably hunt him down and kill him. After they robbed him of 						everything he was worth, that is. Itd be a mess either way.  She glanced around, ensuring she 						didnt see anyone she recognized. Unlike you, sir, Im lookin to marry. 						Not dance. A woman of little means, such as myself, needs a dependable 						relationship better known as forever and a day. Not your version of a day 						and a night. I think that about says it all. Good day. Without meeting his 						gaze, she swept past.  He wordlessly angled away, 						allowing her passage.  Georgia quickened her step and 						scolded herself for having encouraged him in the first place. Fifteen 						decades on the rosary praying for her Jezebel soul ought to readmit her into 						heaven. Although fifteen decades wouldnt even begin to include Matthews 						sins from this week alone that she had yet to pray for. That man required a 						set of his own damn beads. Not that he believed in God or anything else for 						that matter. All he believed in was money, money, money.  She paused on the pavement and 						instinctively tightened her hold on her reticule, allowing others to weave 						past. For some reason, she had this niggling feeling that she was being 						followed by the Brit she thought shed left behind.  Pinching her lips together, she 						swiveled on her heel and froze upon glimpsing him four strides away, despite 						her having already forged well over a block. Her reticule slid from her 						calico-sleeved elbow down to her wrist, mirroring her disbelief that the man 						was following her like a dog shed unknowingly fed scraps to. Are you 						following me?  Gray eyes heatedly captured hers 						as he came to a halt. Instead of coffee, how about you and I go for a walk 						and get to know each other that way? He smiled, ceremoniously announcing 						that he was capable of being respectable and that it was now up to her to 						decide as to how they should proceed.  Georgia dragged in a much-needed 						breath, her heart frantically pounding. Did he actually think she was going 						to change her mind based off that smoldering need blazing in those gunmetal 						eyes? She didnt even have time for a tryst. Not with all the laundry she 						had yet to do.  A quick movement shadowed the 						corner of her eye as a youth darted in and yanked back her wrist with the 						violent tug of her own reticule. The glint of a blade whizzed 					past.  Her eyes widened as she jerked 						around, realizing that the strings on her reticule had been slit by a 						passing thief. Ey! Georgia pounced for it, trying to reclaim what was 						hers, but the lanky youth skid out of reach, shoving past people, and dashed 						out of sight.  Her heart popped realizing shed 						just been robbed by a ten-year-old. Hiking up her skirts above her ankle 						boots, she sprinted after the damn whoreson, shoving herself through those 						around her. Youd best run! she shouted after the boy, trying to keep up. 						Because Im about to shuck you like an oyster!  Ill anchor him, the Brit 						called out from behind.  His broad frame sped past her, 						and dodged left, then right, then left again, disappearing into the bustle 						of Broadway.  Having lost sight of him 						and the 						boy, Georgia paused to frantically ask others if they had seen a youth being 						chased by a gent in a dove-gray hat. She was repeatedly pointed onward and 						downward. So onward and downward she went.  Dragging in breaths, she tried 						to keep up with the pace of her own booted feet as the jogging facade of 						Broadway shops tapered into pristine Italian row houses. If she didnt get 						that damn reticule back, shed have to dig money out of her box to make the 						rent. Again.  Shouts and a gathering crowd of 						men on the upcoming dirt road made her jerk to a halt and snap her gaze 						toward a pluming dust that was settling. An overturned dove-gray top hat lay 						oddly displaced outside the crowd in the middle of the street.  She sucked in a breath, scanning 						the men who were yelling at women to stand back. What?  The driver of an omnibus, who 						had already brought his horses to a full halt, untied the calling rope from 						his ankled boot, hopped down from his box seat and hurried into the crowd as 						passengers within the omni craned and gaped through the small 						windows.  Oh, God. Her stomach clenched 						as she scrambled forward.  The Brit had been struck by the 						omni and was lying motionless there on the street corner of Howard and 						Broadway. LIGHT EDGED IN THROUGH the waving darkness and pulsed 						against his eyelids. Slowly opening his eyes, he squinted against the 						glaring brightness of the sun that pierced through a cloudless sky. Taking 						in several jagged breaths, he drifted, unable to lift his head from the 						dirt-pounded street that dug into his shaven cheek and throbbing 						temple.  Several booted feet and 						countless hovering faces blocked his skewed view of painted placards posted 						on buildings and a blue sky that rose beyond a street he did not recognize. 						Shouts boomed all around him and the dust-ridden, heat-laced air made it 						difficult for him to breathe.  A bearded man with a cap slung 						low against his brow leaned over him. Good to see you stayed below the 						clouds, sir. Are you able to get up?  Why were there so many people 						gathered around him? What was going on? He rolled onto his back, wincing 						against the searing, razorlike sensations coiling throughout the length of 						his body. He staggered to sit up, only to sway and stumble back against the 						dirt road beneath him. The scuffed imprint of a booted foot that had been 						pressed deeply into the dirt beside him drew his gaze. One day it happened that, going to my 						boat, I saw the print of a mans naked foot on the shore, very evident on 						the sand, as the toes, heels and every part of it.  He winced, pushing the odd, 						misplaced voice out of his head. His vision blurred as the acrid taste of 						blood coated his mouth and tongue. Something trickled down the side of his 						face, its wet warmth dribbling toward his earlobe. He swiped the moisture 						away with a trembling hand and glanced toward it. The fingertips of his 						brown leather glove were smeared with blood.  Hoist him up, a female voice 						insisted from within the blur of surrounding faces. There was a pause. Oh, 						saints preserve us. She sounded more panicked. We need to get him over to 						the hospital.  He swallowed and glanced up 						toward that lilting female voice that appeared concerned for him. Was he in 						some strange part of Ireland? Despite trying to find that voice, there only 						seemed to be an endless blur of male faces floating around him.  Hands slid beneath his morning 						coat and trouser-clad thighs. A group of men jerked him upward with a 						unified grunt.  Pain whizzed straight up to his 						clenched teeth and skull. He gasped, twisting against their pinching grasps. 						Gentlemen, he seethed out between ragged breaths. Whilst your concern is 						appreciated, I hardly think a full procession is necessary.  Such posh manners for one who 						is dying, one of the men carrying him hooted playfully. One can only 						wonder whatll come out of his mouth when hes dead.  A quick hand reached out and 						knocked the cap off the mans head. Less tongue, more muscle. 					Move!  Ey! the man yelled back, 						stumbling against him and all the others carrying him. Keep them mammet 						little hands to yourself, woman. I was only having a bit of fun.  You think it fun watchin a man 						bleed? Keep movin him, you lout. Lest I make you bleed. The freckled face of a 						young woman with the brightest set of green eyes hed ever seen suddenly 						peered in from between all of the broad shoulders carrying him. Her rusty 						arched brows came together as she trotted alongside him, trying to hold his 						gaze through moving limbs. A loose, soft-looking strand of strawberry-red 						hair swayed against the wind, having tumbled out of her frayed blue 						bonnet.  Where are you stayin? She 						shoved the loose strand of hair back into her bonnet with a bare hand, 						trying to keep up with the men carrying him. Close? Far?  Gritting his teeth, he tried to 						focus, but couldnt.  Are you from around here? she 						insisted, still bustling alongside him. Or are you visitin from abroad? 						You mentioned a hotel. Which hotel are you stayin at?  Hotel? he echoed up at her, 						his throat tightening. When did I mention a hotel?  She squinted down at him, 						searching his face. Never you mind that. We need to contact your family. 						Give me a name and address, and after we deliver you to the hospital, Ill 						run myself over to them at once. Family? He blinked, glancing up at the swaying, hazy blue 						sky above as he was guided up toward a hackney. Countless names and faces 						flipped through his minds eye like the pages of an endless book whipping 						past. There were so many names. Strada. Ludovicus. Casparus. Bruyre. 						Horace. Sloane. Lovelace. Shakespeare. Fielding. Pilkington. La Croix. They 						couldnt all be related to him. Orcould they? I was called Robinson Kreutznaer, which 						not being easily pronounced in the English tongue, we are commonly known by 						the name of Crusoe.  Wait. Crusoe. Yes. It was a name 						he remembered very well. Robinson Crusoe of York. Was that not him? It had 						to be, and yet he couldnt remember if it was or it wasnt. Oh, God. What 						was happening to him? Why couldnt he remember what was what?  He winced, realizing that he was 						now being tucked against the leather seat of an enclosed hackney. The firm 						hands that had been pushing him to sit upright against the seat left his 						body one by one as all the men turned away and jumped down and out of the 						hackney, leaving him alone against the seat.  Everything swayed as he slumped 						against the weight of his heavy limbs. He panicked, unable to control his 						own body, and fought to remain upright by using his gloved hands against the 						sides of the hackney.  The woman with the green eyes 						shoved her way past the others and frantically climbed up into the hackney, 						slamming the door behind her. Im takin you in myself. Ill not leave your 						side. I promise.  The vehicle rolled forward as 						she landed beside him on the seat with a bounce. She leaned toward him. 						Come. Her arms slid around him as she dragged him gently toward herself. 						She guided his shoulder and head down onto her lap, scooting across the seat 						to better accommodate his size.  He collapsed against the warmth 						of her lap, thankful he didnt have to hold himself up anymore. Wrapping a 						trembling hand around her knee, he buried it into the folds of her gown, 						taking comfort that he wasnt alone. The scent of lye and soap drifted up 						from the softness of her gown, which grazed his cheek and throbbing temple. 						He could die here and know eternal peace.  Her hand rubbed his shoulder. I 						want you to talk. That way, Ill know youre doin all right. So go on. 						Talk.  He swallowed, wanting to thank 						her for her compassion and for giving him a breath of hope even though he 						sensed there was none. Was death nothing more than a long sleep? His hand 						slowly and heavily slid inch by inch from her knee as he felt his entire 						world tip.  Sir? She leaned down toward 						him and shook him. Sir?  A snowy, rippling haze overtook 						the last of his vision, and though he fought to stay awake in those heavenly 						arms, everything faded and he along with it.    The height of cleverness is to be 						able to conceal it. Franois de La Rochefoucauld, Maximes Morales (1678) Nine days later, early 						evening New York Hospital GEORGIA LET OUT AN EXASPERATED breath and 						adjusted her bonnet, setting both ankled boots up onto the wicker chair 						opposite the one shed been sitting in for the past ten minutes. She leaned 						forward and shook the bundled length of her brown calico gown to allow 						cooler air to relieve the heat of the room that would not 					dissipate.  Falling back into the wicker 						chair again, she glanced impatiently toward the surgeon who appeared to be 						far more invested in his desk than in her. How much longer, sir? Ive yet 						to cross back into town before they cease all rides and I really have no 						desire to walk over fifteen blocks in the dark.  Dr. Carter casually reached out 						and gripped the porcelain cup beside him. Lifting the rim to his mustached 						lip, he took a long swallow of murky coffee, before setting it back onto the 						saucer beside him with a clink. He leaned over the sizable ledger on his desk and 						scribed something. His condition remains the same, Miss Milton. As such, 						you may go.  She glared at him. Tis 						Mrs. Milton 						til another man comes along to change it, and I didnt pay a whole twelve 						and a half cents for the omni to hear that. Last week you claimed he was 						fully recovered. I expected him to be gone by now. Why is he still 						here?  The tip of his quill kept 						scratching against the parchment. Because, Mrs. Milton, I am still conflicted as 						to how I should proceed. Wrinkling his brow, he paused and reached toward 						the inkwell with a poised quill. His mental state isnt what it should be. 						I havent disclosed his condition to anyone outside a trusted few out of 						fear he could be tossed into an asylum.  Her lips parted. An asylum? Why 						would anyone  Since he regained consciousness 						nine days ago, Mrs. Milton, he has been unable to provide me with a name or 						any details pertaining to his life. I even had to reacquaint him with the 						most basic of care, including how he was to shave and knot his own 						cravat.  She dropped her legs from the 						chair and sat up, her heart pounding. Dearest God. What do you plan to do? 						What can 						you do?  He shrugged. I intend to 						dismiss him within the week. He doesnt belong here any more than he does in 						an asylum.  Her eyes widened. And what of 						his family, sir? We have to find a way to contact them before you let him 						wander off. What if he should disappear and they never hear from him 						again?  He stared at her, edging back 						his hand from over the inkwell. If he hasnt the means to remember them, I 						havent the means to find them. Do you understand? There is nothing more 						that I can physically do for him.  There is plenty more you can 						physically 						do for him!  Such as? His tone was of 						pained tolerance.  You can contact the British 						Consulate about whether or not theyre missin a citizen.  I have already done that. No 						one is missing.  Damn. Wellisnt there a way to 						bring in an artist and acquire a sketch of his face?  That has already been done. I 						mandate profile sketches of all my patients. It allows for extended funding 						from the government.  Good. Well be able to make use 						of it and submit his sketch to every newspaper and hotel across town. 						Someone is bound to know who he is, given he appears to be of the upper 						circles. Though I recommend no reward. That would only attract 						imposters.  Dr. Carter tossed his quill 						aside and leaned into the desk, scrunching his gray pin-striped waistcoat 						and his overcoat in the process. This is a hospital, Mrs. Milton. Not an 						investigative branch of the United States government. You clearly have no 						understanding as to how these things work.  How typical that shed be 						treated like some stupid, scampering rat darting through the legs of 						society. She managed to refrain from jumping up and smacking him for it. 						Last I knew, sir, and correct me if Im wrong, but the New York Hospital is 						funded by a contributin branch of the United States government. As such, 						you have an 						obligation to oversee the well-bein of every citizen that passes through 						these doors, be that citizen a Brit or not. Have the laws somehow changed? 						Is that what youre tellin me?  He sighed. The funding I 						receive from the government is very limited. It doesnt provide for these 						sorts of things.  She rolled her eyes. Everythin 						involvin our government is very limited. They only give the people just 						enough to prevent revolution whilst robbin every last one of us blind. In 						my opinion, these politicians ought to be boiled in their own whiskey. They 						dont give a spit about anythin but their own agenda.  A tap resounded against the door 						of the small office.  Yes? he called out, lifting 						his chin toward its direction. What is it?  The door swung open and a 						balding man hurried in, bare hands adjusting a blood-spattered, yellowing 						apron that had been carelessly tied across his waistcoat and trousers. Bed 						sixteen is shaving, despite orders that he remain in bed. He insists on yet 						another 						bath and intends to depart within the hour. What am I to do?  Dr. Carter blew out a breath. 						There is nothing we can do. If he insists on departing, I cannot physically 						hold him. Send him into my office. Ill ensure he pays the bill and will 						direct him to one of the local boardinghouses.  Yes, Dr. Carter. The man 						jogged back out.  Bed sixteen? That was the Brits 						bed. Georgias wicker chair screeched against the floorboards as she jumped 						onto booted feet. You intend on lettin him walk out into the night despite 						his condition? And plan on layin him with a bill, too? She pointed at him, 						wishing she had it in her to grab his head and pound it into his own desk. 						A thug is what you are. A bedeviled, government-funded thug who ought to 						be  Mrs. Milton, please. I havent 						the time for this.  Youd best make the time, Dr. 						Carter, as it only involves the poor mans life. Directin him to a local 						boardinhouse is like tellin a fox to take up residence with the hounds. At 						the very least, you ought to turn him over to the state.  He rubbed his temple. Mrs. 						Milton. He dropped his hand to his side and sat back against his leather 						chair. The man is far too old to become a ward of any state. He swept a 						grudging hand toward the open window beside him that mirrored a quiet, 						moonless night. Given his size and level of intelligence, I doubt hell run 						into any trouble.  The bastard didnt even care 						that the minute that Brit put his polished boots on the wrong street, hed 						be dead. She marched toward him, halting before his desk. Whilst I know the 						world is full of woes we cant mend, we sure as hell ought to try. I want 						you to board him.  He blinked. What? 					Here?  No, you dunce. In your home. 						What better way to care for your patient than givin him a room next to your 						own?  Dr. Carter threw back his head 						and puffed out a breath. After staring up at the ceiling for a long moment, 						he leveled his head and confided in a very impersonal tone, I cannot take 						him home with me. My wife would throw a fit if I commenced bringing home all 						of my patients.  Better your wife than 						me.  He pointed at her. Im asking 						you to leave before I have you tossed on your goddamn nose. Ive had enough 						of this. He swept a finger to the door. Get out.  It was obvious this man wasnt 						taking her seriously. Setting both hands atop his piled ledgers, she leaned 						across the desk toward him and lowered her voice a whole octave to better 						deliver her threat. Before you go about tossin me out on my nose, Dr. Carter, I want 						you to think about whether or not your life means anythin to 					you.  He rose to his feet, towering 						above her. The broad planes of his aging face tightened as he leaned toward 						her across the desk. Are you threatening me? he rasped, placing both of 						his hands parallel to her own.  Nah. Tis just a question 						likebetween friends, dont you see. Georgia narrowed her gaze to match 						his. But supposin the Forty Thieves, who provide me with whatever 						protection I require, were to hear of my distress? What then? Id be 						thinkin itd be in your best interest to help this man along. Because if 						you dont, Id reckon that the quality of your life will diminish to the 						point that the Holy Virgin wouldnt even be able to help you.  His eyes held hers, his rigid 						brow flickering with renewed uncertainty. I am a servant of the state. No 						rabble has power or say over me.  Georgia continued to stare him 						down. Toss me on my nose and count all of the men who will show up at your 						door. I dare you. Go on. Toss me.  Dr. Carter edged back and away, 						slowly removing his hands from the desk. Swiping a trembling hand across his 						face, he sat and shifted in his seat, refusing to look at her. Might I ask 						why you are so intent on assisting him? Is he a customer who never fully 						disclosed his name and owes you money? Is that what this is 					about?  Georgia lowered her chin, her 						pulse roaring in her ears. How dare you? I sell hot corn on the hour of 						every summer and scrub clothes for priests in three wards, barely makin 						half of 						what you eat in an effort to stay respectable. She snapped a finger toward 						the open door. I dont know who the hell that man is any more than you do! 						Cursed that I am, I feel guilt for what happened to him. He was hit runnin after my reticule. I may not be fobbin high society, sir, but how 						does showin an ounce of concern for a man make me a whore?  Dr. Carter fell back against the 						chair and sighed. I simply wanted to know what I was attaching my name 						to.  Well, now you know. I do 						laundry. Not men.  He cleared his throat. Thank 						you for more than clarifying that.  I still dont understand a spit 						of any of this. How does a man forget his own name and life?  Running the tips of his fingers 						against his mustache, he eyed her. Ive actually read about a condition 						similar to his known as memory loss in one of my medical journals. It 						involved a soldier who was rendered blank after a severe blow to the head 						during the war. I myself never thought it medically possible, but its 						obvious this mans memory is for the most part gone. I wanted you to be 						aware of that given your concern.  She swallowed, bringing her 						shaky hands together. This was her fault. She should have never looked at 						him that day. Perhaps things might have been different. Perhaps hed still 						have had a mind. Dont you know anythin about him? Anythin at 						all?  A few things, yes. Tis obvious 						by the clothing he arrived in, his speech and mannerisms, as well as the 						money that was found on his person, that he appears to be of British 						affluence.  She huffed out a breath. I 						already knew that. His buttons were made out of silver, sir. Not even 						bankers can afford silver buttons.  Then you know about as much 						about the man as I do, Mrs. Milton. He held up a hand, shifting in his 						seat. Threats aside, I will agree that assisting him is the right thing to 						do, but my time is very limited, so I am going to ask for your assistance, 						in turn. I work as many as twelve hours a day and my wife and six children 						barely see me. What little time I do have, I spend with them and hope to God 						youll not impose on what I consider to be incredibly precious.  Georgia blinked, her throat 						tightening. Now she felt like a bloke of the worst sort, having bullied a 						family man. I didnt mean to toss threats, but I learned a long time ago 						that generosity and compassion have to be threatened out of 					people.  He held her gaze for a long 						moment. You are far more impressive in nature than you let on.  She set her chin. The frayed 						gown has a tendency to mislead people into thinkin Im as equally frayed. 						Now lets get on with this. What will you have me do? Ill see to it if it 						means helpin him. Thats all I really care about.  He sighed. Find a means to 						board him until he is claimed.  She lifted a brow. He wanted 						her to 						board him? Impossible. There was only one bed in her low closet and it 						belonged to her. Even if she did manage to get past sharing it with a man 						she didnt know, hed only end up leeching resources she barely had. Bein 						a respectable widow, sir, Ive neither the money nor the means.  Dr. Carter leaned over and 						yanked open one of the drawers on the desk, scooping up a stringed, small 						leather satchel. I retrieved everything from his pockets when he first 						arrived to prevent anything from being stolen. The patients here arent 						particularly trustworthy. He tapped it. Inside, youll find a fob and a 						pocketbook containing one hundred and thirty-two dollars. It should be more 						than enough to oversee all of his expenses. Ill even waive the hospital fee 						if you promise to board him for however long it takes to locate his 						family.  Georgia gawked at the lopsided 						satchel. One hundred and thirty-two dollars? Away with you. Who wanders 						about the city with that much money in one pocket?  He smirked. A pirate, I 						suppose. He paused and shifted awkwardly in his seat. I should probably 						disclose that he claims to be a Sal pirate.  She gasped. Whatever do you 						mean he claims to be?  He cleared his throat. If you 						intend to board him, which I hope you will, I highly recommend you not 						exasperate his situation. He isnt in the least bit dangerous, but riling 						him into questioning his own sanity will only result in pointless paranoia. 						If he says he is a Sal pirate, he is. Do you understand?  Heaven preserve her soul. What 						was she getting herself into? Whilst, yes, she wanted to help, and the man 						seemed infinitely divine on the street, she didnt know who this Brit was or 						what he was capable of. What if hed already been deranged prior to being 						clipped by the omni and his so-called memory loss was, in fact, who he 						really was?  Abide by calling him Robinson 						Crusoe, he continued. He prefers it.  She blinked. I thought you had 						said he didnt know his name.  He doesnt. He thinks Robinson 						Crusoe is 						his name.  She squinted, not understanding 						his point. Beggin your pardon, but Robinson Crusoe sounds like a very 						legitimate name to me.  He blinked rapidly. You 						obviously havent read the book.  Now he really wasnt making any 						sense. What book?  Dr. Carter leaned toward her, 						awkwardly refusing to meet her gaze. Mrs. Milton.  Yes?  Robinson Crusoe is the name of 						a character from a book. Tis a story decades old and well-known amongst 						boys and men alike. The main character is a sailor whose ship is overtaken 						by Sal pirates who force him into becoming a slave. He manages to escape, 						only to be shipwrecked on an island frequented by cannibals. So you seeour 						Sal slave and pirate thinks he is this character. He thinks he is Robinson 						Crusoe.  Her eyed widened. That doesnt 						sound like memory loss to me. He soundsderanged.  I know. Believe me, I know. But 						he isnt. He shifted toward her. In trying to understand his most unusual 						condition, I presented him a map of the world and asked him where we were 						and where he lived. Imagine my astonishment when he points to France and 						mentions rue des Francs-Bourgeois in Paris. Tis a street I know very well, 						given my wifes parents had lived on that same street prior to the 						Revolution that pushed them out. Tis still an impressive area frequented by 						those of affluence and one Robinson Crusoe would have never frequented. I 						have written to his address to inquire, but without a name or house number, 						it may lead nowhere.  So you see, he may not remember 						who he is, 						but he still remembers factual things outside of this Crusoe. Factual things 						that must pertain to his own life. I have therefore concluded that his 						condition isnt one of full-blown fantasy but an inability to decipher 						between fact and fiction. That doesnt make him deranged. It only makes 						himunreliable. Something to keep in mind whilst you board him. He plucked 						up a piece of stationery from his cluttered desk, along with an 						ink-slathered quill. I will require your name and address before you depart 						with him.  She angled toward him. Dont 						you think that a man who claims to have met cannibals is a walkin liability 						I ought to avoid? Regardless of if he knows life outside of thisthis 						Crusoe? 						What if he should eat me and all of my neighbors in honor of his cannibal 						friends? What then, sir?  Dr. Carter burst into laughter 						and caught himself against the desk, eyeing her. He wont He laughed 						again, shaking his head. No. He wont. Not this man.  She set her hands on her hips. 						Im bein quite serious and I wish to Joseph youd be, too. Ive seen far 						too much to question what is or isnt rational. Men are never rational, sir. 						They only pretend to be and Im rather worried I may end up swimmin in my 						own blood.  His features sagged. I cannot 						predict what he will or will not do, but the man is genuinely compassionate 						and protective of others. Throughout his entire stay, hes done nothing but 						lecture us on our inability to tend to patients and is always getting out of 						bed to assist others in the hall, despite having orders that he rest. If 						that assurance isnt enough, I suggest you let him walk out into the world, 						Mrs. Milton. For he is neither your responsibility nor mine. So what will 						you have me do? The choice is yours.  Oh, now, that just wasnt fair. 						She sighed. Ill find a means to board him, she grouched, waving toward 						the parchment. The name is Mrs. Georgia Emily Milton and the tenement is 28 						Orange Street. Orange. Like the bastard who destroyed Ireland.  Dr. Carter paused, leaned over 						the parchment and sloppily scribed her name and address. Thank 					you.  This was going to be a mess. 						Shed probably have to hover over this Brit like a hen over a cracked egg. 						But then again, if there was anyone who understood cracked, it most 						certainly was her. About how long will I have to board him? 						Exactly?  That I cannot say. It could be 						a few days or several months, depending on how long it takes for someone to 						recognize him.  She refrained from groaning. 						Though she hated submitting to guilt, for it was a pesky emotion that always 						got her into trouble, she owed the man this much, given it was her reticule that had 						sent him under an omni.  Dr. Carter set aside the quill, 						swiped up the satchel and held it out. I will leave this in your care and 						will be in touch. Make the money last. We dont know how long it will be 						before anyone claims him.  Dont you worry. Ill ensure 						both he and it lasts. She reached out and tugged the small, 						weighty satchel from his hand. Why did she have this eerie feeling that she 						was taking on a man who was about to do far more than ruin her 					month?       She Ventures, and He 					Wins. A Comedy Written by a Young Lady 						(1696) A MAN OBNOXIOUSLY CLEARED 						his throat from behind Georgia where she still lingered before Dr. Carters 						desk. I realize the hour is anything but convenient, Dr. Carter, but Im 						asking to depart all the same before I lead a revolt in the hall. None of 						the goddamn linens in our beds have been tended to in over three days. For 						those men who have fluids pouring out from more than the usual places, I 						find it vile and disturbing. You and your minions ought to be hanged for 						your wretched disregard for humanity. Hanged.  The harsh British voice startled 						Georgia into turning to the man. She instinctively pressed the small satchel 						in her hand against her hip, her eyes jumping from a broad chest up to a 						taut, masculine face. The man didnt sound quite as mindless as Dr. Carter 						had led her to believe.  The Brit, who lingered all but a 						stride away, glanced down at her and paused. His black hair had been brushed 						back from his forehead with tonic, giving him the appearance of the 						distinguished gentleman she had met on the street, but that sizable scab and 						the large yellowing bruise marring the right side of his cheekbone and 						square jaw made him look like one of the boys. Dried blood from the day of 						the accident still spattered parts of his knotted cravat and full sections 						of his outer gray coat near the width of his broad shoulder.  Merciful God. They had never 						even washed his clothes. The rest of him appeared to be well scrubbed, 						though she sensed it was not anything the hospital had bothered with, but 						something he had insisted on.  Shifting toward her, he searched 						her face and drew in a ragged breath. I know you.  She smiled awkwardly. Aye. That 						you do.  He half nodded. Yes. His 						shaven face flushed. Forgive me. I didnt realize anyone would be coming. 						Stepping toward her, he reached out and swept up her hand, making her almost 						drop the satchel that was still pressed in the other one.  Her heart flipped at the base of 						her throat as he bent over to softly kiss her bare hand.  No one but her Raymond had ever 						kissed her hand like that. It was the signature of a gentleman who could see 						beyond the rags. Georgia swallowed against the tightness of her throat and 						tried to tug her hand loose only to find that the man wouldnt let go. 						Might Ihave my hand back? Or do you plan on keepin it?  He glanced up and tightened his 						hold, that large hand taking complete command of hers.  It was obvious he planned on 						keeping it.  With a solid twist, she tugged 						her hand out of his, a rising heat overtaking her cheeks. I realize things 						are a bit muddled for you, Brit, but when I ask for somethin back, you give 						it back. Be it a hand or anythin else. Agreed?  He edged closer, his pensive 						expression gauging her. I apologize for being unable to remember the 						details pertaining to our relationship, but are you my wife?  Her lips parted. Oh, the poor 						mans mind had been completely bashed. He didnt remember her at all, and 						given his cheeky behavior on the street that day, he probably did have a wife, damn 						bastard.  Dr. Carter cleared his throat 						from behind. Mrs. Crusoe, I recommend you heed my earlier advice of not 						riling him into a form of paranoia. Tis best. Mrs. Crusoe? Georgia swung toward the man and pointed at him. 						Oh, no. Oh, no, no. There isnt goin to be any of that. Mrs. Crusoe. Dr. Carters voice dropped to a low warning. I 						hold you responsible for his health and his delicate state of mind for as 						long as he is in your care. I will say no more.  Oh, this couldnt be right. How 						could feeding into a mans delusions be responsible? It wasnt! She swiveled 						back, intent on settling this before she took him home. Never you mind him, Brit. You 						and I most certainly arent married. In truth, I barely consider us 						friends.  You barely consider us 						friends? His mouth tightened as he continued to stare. That isnt at all 						what I remember.  She quirked a brow. And what 						exactly do you remember?  He shifted his scabbed jaw and 						glanced toward Dr. Carter before recapturing her gaze. Tis hardly 						respectable to say, given that we are not married.  Her eyes widened. I beg your 						pardon?  He smoothed his blood-spattered 						cravat against his throat and set his chin, avoiding her gaze. Whilst I am 						pleased that you are here, for I was beginning to wonder if anyone would 						come, given my inability to remember names, I ask that we save this 						conversation for another time. Would you be so kind as to return me to my 						flat? Im exhausted.  She paused. Your flat? You mean 						you know where it is?  His brow wrinkled. Yes and no. 						I thought it was located on rue des Francs-Bourgeois, but Dr. Carter 						informed me that we are not in Paris, but in New York. So I suppose the 						answer is no. I dont know where my flat is. He shrugged. Not that it 						matters. You know where I live, dont you?  She tapped her own temple. If I 						knew where you lived, Brit, Id be droppin you off right now and thankin 						the good Lord for havin saved me from a guilt Ive no right to 						feel.  He eyed her. I sense there is 						an animosity between us.  Youd be sensin right, given 						what you wanted out of me before you earned that knock to your 					head.  I see. He blew out a pained 						breath and muttered, I suppose that leaves me to find myself a hotel, as I 						am not one to perpetuate arguments I cannot even remember. He paused and 						glanced down at himself, patting his coat pockets. Did I not have a 						pocketbook? How am I to pay for anything?  Dr. Carter gathered several 						ledgers from his desk, organizing them. Your pocketbook is already 						accounted for, Mr. Crusoe. How are you feeling?  Aside from these damnable 						headaches, I feel remarkably well. Better.  Good. Tis my hope that the 						headaches will fade in time. Try to rest. Dr. Carter rounded the desk with 						a stack of ledgers in hand. Now if youll both excuse me, I intend to 						retire early tonight and call upon an acquaintance of mine who happens to be 						the owner of the New-York Evening 						Post. Perhaps we can get this story 						into tomorrows paper, seeing it has yet to print. Given its popularity, Im 						certain other newspapers will follow suit. Well commence there and hope for 						the best. He inclined his head and strode out of the office.  Georgia swiveled toward the 						Brit, who quietly observed her with marked curiosity. His gaze drifted down 						the full length of her and paused on her boots, which peered out from 						beneath her ankle-high skirts.  The leather on your boots is 						almost white, he commented. You should buy yourself a new 					pair.  He was like a child. How very 						observant. If only I could afford a new pair. Stepping toward him, Georgia 						grabbed up his gloved hand and pressed his satchel into it. This is yours, 						Brit. It has all of your money in it, so I suggest you keep it safe til we 						get across town.  He hesitated, shifting the 						satchel in his hand before slipping it into the inner pocket of his gray 						coat. Why do you keep calling me Brit?  Because thats what you are. A 						Brit.  I would rather you call me 						Robinson. I dont like the way you say Brit.  Not to disappoint you, 						Brit, but I 						usually call people whatever I want. Tis my born right as a United States 						citizen. I may not be able to vote, but no man is goin to tell me I cant 						use my tongue. Georgia paused and pointed to his sleeved coat, noting that 						the band was missing from his arm. You had a mournin band. Did you lose 						it? Or did you strip it?  He glanced down at his arm. I 						was wearing amourning band?  That you were. Right there on 						your arm.  He glanced up, searching her 						face, his features taut and panicked. Who died?  Georgias stomach dropped all 						the way down to her toes as she met his gaze. There was an aching 						vulnerability lingering within those handsome gray eyes that seemed to 						depend on her for everything. It made her want to give the man 						everything.  She softened her tone. I dont 						know who died. All I know is that you were wearin one when I last saw 						you.  He dug his gloved fingertips 						into the biceps of his right arm and winced. Why can I not 						remember?  Try not to worry. Rememberin 						is overrated, anyway. Trust me. I wish there was a way I could forget half my 						life. She drifted closer, sighed and leaned toward him to get a better look 						at what needed to be stripped before they crossed into the other side of 						town. She fingered the sturdy material on the seam of his morning coat. The 						fine fabric had to be worth ten dollars without the stitching. Heavens, 						youre a walkin merchant cart waitin to be robbed. Well have to alter 						your appearance til were able to get rid of these clothes.  He stiffened, lowering his gaze 						to her probing fingers. And what is wrong with my appearance or my 					clothes?  Everythin. She sniffed, the 						heat of his muscled body wafting the subtle fragrance of tonic and penny 						shaving cream. I hate to say it, but you even smell wrong.  He blinked rapidly. Are you 						suggesting that I bathe? Because I just did. Fifteen minutes 					ago.  Nah, Im suggestin quite the 						opposite. I only bathe and scrub once every two days and even thats 						considered a bit much in the eyes of where I live. But then again, Im a 						woman and youre not. In my ward, if a man starts playin with too much soap 						and tonic, hes likely to get a reputation for wearin pink 					garters.  I dont wear pink 						garters.  I didnt say you did. But that 						wont keep the boys from sayin it. And you sure as hell dont want a byname 						with the word pink in it. Now lets get rid of some of these fineries, 						shall we? She tapped at his cravat. Off with it.  He paused, his gaze trailing 						down to her lips. Does this mean there is no further need for a 						hotel?  Georgia nervously smoothed her 						hands against the sides of her calico skirts, sensing he was still confused 						as to who she was. Wetting her lips, she chose her words carefully, hoping 						not to send him into a panic. I can only apologize for Dr. Carter. He means 						well, but it isnt right makin you think Im someone Im not.  His brows flickered. I dont 						understand.  Im not your wife or your 						mistress or whoever you think I am. The name is Georgia. You know, like the 						state. You can call me that, if you want, but I prefer Mrs. Milton until we 						get to know each other more. She gestured toward his throat. Now remove 						your cravat.  He stared her down. If I ever 						decide to undress for you, Mrs. Milton, it wont be upon your command but 						mine.  She glared at him. Oh, now, 						dont you get cheeky with me, Brit. Im not askin you to undress for my 						sake. Im askin you to undress for yours. We cant have you prancin 						about in silk over on Orange Street. Youll get dirked. Now take it 						off.  He stepped back. Absolutely 						not. What would your husband say, Mrs. Milton?  Her lips thinned. Perhaps it was 						best he thought Raymond was alive. It would keep him from thinking she was 						up for a toss. The man would say, for the good of your own breath, youd 						best take off the cravat.  Oh, no, he wouldnt. He would 						say, If you take anything off in the presence of my wife, you will cease to 						breathe.  She let out an exasperated 						laugh. As amusin as I find you and this, all omnis cease runnin in an 						hour. Do you want to walk fifteen blocks in the dark? I dont. Now take off 						the cravat. Even with it bein spattered with blood, it makes you look too 						much like a gentleman.  I should probably point out 						that I consider myself to be a gentleman.  She quirked a brow, challenging 						him. Really?  Really.  I thought you were a Sal 						pirate. Isnt that what you told Dr. Carter?  He shifted his jaw and glanced 						away. I cannot trust what I do or do not remember.  Which is why youll have to 						trust me over yourself, dear sir, because Im not the one sufferin from 						memory loss.  He muttered something and 						scrubbed a hand through his hair. He winced, letting his hand fall back to 						his side. Remind me not to touch my head.  Georgia softened her tone, 						hoping a motherly approach would get him to cooperate. We really ought to 						remove that silk from around your throat. Wont you take it off? For me? 						Please?  Stepping closer, she reached up 						and forcefully unraveled his silk cravat, trying to figure out how the damn 						thing was supposed to come off. The fabric kept sliding against her fingers 						like cool water. Their gazes locked and she paused, trying to steady her 						breathing.  He jerked outside of her tugging 						hands and shifted his broad shoulders, stepping back. Im not at all 						comfortable with you touching me. You are, after all, a very attractive woman 						and I would hate for this to progress beyond anything either of us would be 						able to control.  She set her hands on her hips. 						What a cad. If I were lookin to progress things, Robinson, Id be goin 						straight for the trousers. Rest assured, a mans throat never once made me 						moan and I highly doubt yours will, either.  He stared at her, his expression 						strained. Refrain from talking to me in such crass tones.  I wouldnt have to talk 						at all if 						you were cooperatin. Now cease bein so damn stupid. Im here to help. She 						stepped back toward him, reached up and forcefully finished yanking his 						cravat off. She tossed it, letting it cascade to the floor.  His gloved hand jumped up to 						cover his exposed throat, his shaven face flushing. I really dont 						understand why  Silk just isnt somethin men 						in my parts wear. Men there are poor. Some of them are very poor. Theres no 						need to give them a reason to hate or rob you. You bein an uppity Brit is 						goin to be bad enough. Men will probably fist you based on your accent 						alone.  Oh, and you plan on taking me 						there? He lifted a brow. Shall I thank you for your overall lack of 						concern for me now? Or later? After I get fisted?  She rolled her eyes. You 						neednt worry. Ill see to it you fall under the protection of the 						boys.  The boys? He lowered his chin. 						You intend on placing me under the care of your children? I assure you, 						madam, my mind isnt that far gone.  She gurgled out a laugh. He was 						so bizarrely adorable. Nah, it isnt like that at all. Though sometimes I 						do wonder. She glanced toward the open doorway and lowered her voice. 						Theyre men who act like boys, so I call them boys, see? Theyre known for 						havin a black reputation, and believe me, they live up to it, but I know 						how to yank their collars. Im just makin sure nothin happens to you prior 						to my yankin those collars.  And who are these men to you? 						He eyed her. Are you involved with any of them?  Not in that way, no. Theyre 						more like flea-ridden dogs I cant get rid of. She scanned his clothes 						again and sighed. Ill have Matthew loan you some of his clothes. Youre 						about his size. Give or take a few stones.  He squinted. Matthew? Who is 						that? Your husband?  No. My son.  His lips parted. You have a son 						my size? 						You dont appear to be a breath over twenty.  She grinned, tilting her face up 						toward him. Thank you for that, but Im well over twenty. Im two and 					twenty.  He scanned her face. That still 						doesnt make you old enough to have a son my size. He isnt really your son, 						is he?  Not by birth, no.  So whose boy is he? He leaned 						in, trailing his gaze to her lips. And why are you taking care of 						him?  She stepped back. Dont look at 						my lips.  He stepped toward her. I will 						keep looking at them until you tell me everything I want to 					know.  She scrambled back, sensing that 						he wanted to do far more than look at them. Hes Raymonds boy. All right? 						Not mine. Raymonds.  And who is Raymond?  She glared at him. Im not 						about to tell my life story to a man who doesnt even know his own. Now give 						me your hand. She pointed. We cant have you wearin those 					gloves.  He set both gloved hands behind 						his back and eyed her expectantly. I dont intend to cooperate until you 						tell me who Raymond is.  The man is dead, she bit out. 						All right? Now cease actin like a bogey and give me your hand. She 						forcefully grabbed his arm and jerked it out from behind his back, tugging 						it up toward her. Digging her fingers beneath the cuff of his linen shirt, 						she peeled the fitted leather glove from his large hand and tossed it toward 						the desk.  Without any resistance, he 						quietly watched her strip the glove from his other hand. His large and 						remarkably smooth hand tightened possessively around her own.  She paused, entranced by the 						heat of his hand penetrating her skin. Her body seemed to drift, while her 						mind remained anchored and fully aware of him and that hand. There was 						something very different about his touch. Whilst incredibly firm and strong, 						it was alsosoft. Slowly turning his large palm upward, she ran the tips of 						her calloused fingers against the smoothest masculine palm shed ever 						encountered. It was as if he had never touched anything with those hands.  Georgia glanced up. You most 						certainly arent a pirate.  And how do you know? I could 						be.  She lifted his hand and tilted 						it palm upward for him to better see. Look at your hands.  He hesitated and lowered his 						gaze to the hand she held up.  She traced her fingers toward 						the length of his long fingertips and back toward his large smooth palm. 						Theyre untouched. See? If you were a pirate, you would have handled ropes 						and crates, which would have covered your hands in calluses. Given their 						softness, tis obvious your only trade is money. She snorted. That would 						explain why you couldnt remember how to shave or knot a cravat. You had 						servants doin it for you.  His mouth tightened as he tilted 						his hand against hers, intently observing it. They are smooth, arent 						they? He sounded disappointed.  She gently shook his hand, not 						wanting him to feel shame in what he was. Im sorry. I didnt mean to make 						you feel bad. Tis a blessin, not a curse, I assure you. Tis also the 						truest mark of wealth there is.  He glanced up. So I am a man of 						wealth?  With hands like these and 						silver buttons to match, you most certainly are. She lowered her voice in 						warning, squeezing his hand. Whatever you do, though, Brit, dont tell 						anyone, and dont parade that money in your satchel. You cant be 						trustin anyone but me from here on out. You hear?  His fingers curled and tightened 						around her hand, squeezing his warmth against her own. And who are you to 						me? A huskiness lingered in his uncertain tone as he searched her face. 						Why do you care?  He reminded her so much of 						herself when she was younger, unwilling to trust but having no other choice 						but to trust. Although her only family, her dear da, had disappeared many 						years ago for reasons she would never know, shed see to it that this mans 						family didnt suffer in the way she had. Someone out there loved him and 						missed him, and she would ensure he was returned back into their arms where 						he belonged.  Consider me a friend who 						understands what its like to be dependent on the love and generosity of 						others. She slid her hand from his and pointed to that double row of silver 						buttons. Those will have to come off, too.  He glanced down at his 						waistcoat, his brows coming together. What? The buttons?  Yes, the buttons. Theyre 						silver, arent they?  I suppose they are. What of 						it?  It means youre likely to be 						robbed of them.  He fingered one of the buttons. 						But theyre attached to my waistcoat.  Not for long they arent. Let 						me show you how its done over on my street. She yanked her full skirt up 						to the knee, exposing the leather holster attached to her thigh, and slid a 						small blade out before letting her skirts drop again.  He stepped back, his eyes 						jumping toward the blade. What are you doing?  Trust me. She grabbed his 						waist and dragged him back over toward herself. I only want the 						buttons.  He grabbed hold of her wrist, 						twisting the blade hard and off to the side, away from himself. All I ask 						is that you keep it pointed away from me.  Oh, cease your brayin. She 						jerked her wrist from his grasp, ignoring the sting. Firmly holding the top 						silver button away from the embroidered fabric of his waistcoat, she slashed 						the threads beneath it, catching the button with her other hand.  He searched her face, the 						resistance in his body waning as the edge of his full mouth quirked. I like 						you.  Oh, do you, now? she tossed up 						at him. Lets just see how long that lasts. Very few men like a woman with 						a quick tongue.  Holding her gaze, his large 						hands curved around her waist, causing her to stiffen. He leaned in close, 						despite the blade in her hand pointing toward him, and asked softly and 						adoringly, Mrs. Milton, are you really married? Or are you 						pretending to be? Because I find you endearing. Tongue, mind and all. He 						paused and added, I also find you to be incredibly attractive. 						Incredibly.  The man had apparently lost the 						last of his mind and his ability to censor his own thoughts. She lowered 						her gaze, the heat of those lingering hands making her stomach tingle. Im 						not married anymore, she admitted, her throat tightening at the thought of 						Raymond. I was, when I was younger, but he died.  Ah. His hands drifted away 						from her hips. Did you love him?  She edged back and half nodded. 						Yes. Very much.  Im sorry for your 						loss.  She half nodded again. Thank 						you.  He was quiet for a long moment. 						Were you and he ever in Paris? Is that where I may know you 					from?  She glanced up at him. Her and 						Raymond in Paris? Oh, now shed heard it all. Raymond hated the French about 						as much as he hated the mayor and his politics. Whilst she? She only knew 						about Paris from Raymond. About all the gardens the Parisians had, the rows 						of palaces that once belonged to kings, the way they cobbled their streets 						and even had churches that were almost as old as God himself. Raymond had 						been in Paris on business in his younger years when he still had money. As 						for me, Ive never once lived a breath outside of New York. I was born here, 						and though Im tryin to move west, Ill most likely die here and be buried 						with a wooden marker thatll rot away and make everyone forget I was born a 						redhead.  He averted his gaze. You are 						far too young to be speaking in such gray tones.  Where I live, gray is about the 						only color one sees. But one gets used to it, especially if its all they 						know. She focused once again on his waistcoat. Now hold still.  She leaned in, working the blade 						against the threads behind each button. She quickly detached all the 						buttons, catching them in her palm one by one, until his waistcoat hung 						open, exposing the whitest and brightest linen shirt shed ever glimpsed. It 						was as if it had been snatched right off the tailors bench.  She released him, shoving all 						six buttons into the stitched pocket just beneath her left arm. 						There.  Gathering her calico skirts back 						up, she slid the blade securely back into the holster and let her skirts 						drop. She paused, sensing he was staring. Having been surrounded by men 						since she was nine, shortly after the death of her mum, shed lost all sense 						of modesty around those who were used to seeing limbs being bared and rarely 						stared. But this man made her aware of just how important modesty was. It 						kept a girl out of trouble when it counted most.  She awkwardly glanced toward 						him. You didnt have to look.  I couldnt very well help it. 						His jaw tightened as he met her gaze. Do you lift your skirts for all the 						boys?  She pursed her lips, attempting 						not to be entirely insulted. Only the ones I intend to gut. So I suggest 						you mind your tongue.  Dont you worry. I intend to 						mind my tongue and my eyes. He glanced away, jerking his now-open 						waistcoat against his linen shirt and abdomen. I must say, the prodigal 						destruction of a perfectly good waistcoat brings this man to 					tears.  She paused. The prodi-what?  Prodigal, he 					provided.  And what is that supposed to 						mean?  Wasteful. Prodigal means 						wasteful.  Oh, does it, now? Well, I never 						heard of the word.  And whose fault is that? Not 						mine, to be sure. Buy yourself a dictionary, my dear.  She glared at him for being so 						rude. If I could afford one, I would. Though I really wouldnt be surprised 						if you just made that word up in some pathetic attempt to impress 						me.  He raked a gaze down the length 						of her and smirked. I can think of a dozen other ways to go about 						impressing you, Mrs. Milton, and making up words doesnt readily come to 						mind.  She squinted. You mean it 						really is a word?  Yes, of course it is a 						word.  Huh. She eyed him. Im 						confused.  About what? The 					word?  No. She waved toward him. How 						is it you remember prodi-whatever but cant remember much else?  He paused. That I dont know. 						He shrugged, averting his gaze. I just remember words, that is all. I see 						them. I hear them. I cannot readily explain why, but I do. And as I said, the 						prodigal 						destruction of a perfectly good waistcoat brings this man to 					tears.  She lowered her chin. Before 						your tears flood this room and the city, I ought to point out that a silver 						button can be pawned for as much as seventy-five cents apiece over at the 						local junk dealer. Over four dollars was dangling off your chest for the 						world to see. Never give anyone a reason to fleece you, I say, or they 						will. Stepping back, she eyed his appearance again. You still arent rough 						enough. You shouldnt have shaved.  She bit her lip and glanced 						around, wondering what she could do without altogether ripping the seams of 						his outfit apart. She supposed she could soil it, but with what?  She paused. Coffee. How 						fitting.  Glancing toward Dr. Carters 						desk, she plucked up the porcelain cup of coffee hed left on the desk and 						dipped her finger into it to ensure it wasnt hot. It wasnt. I dont think 						Dr. Carter will mind. Hold still. Heres a toast to what should have been. 						Turning back to him, she flung the entire contents of the dark, gritty 						liquid onto the front of his linen shirt and open waistcoat.  He sucked in a breath and jumped 						back, his hands popping up into the air. He frantically swiped at his wet, 						stained clothing and glared at her, his dark hair falling from its neat, 						brushed state. Damn you thrice into the pits of hell, woman. He gestured 						rigidly toward himself, his face taut and his eyes ablaze. Why did you 						think it necessary to ruin a perfectly fine linen shirt?  He was certainly prim for a man 						who thought he was a pirate. He couldnt even swear right. Were 						improvisin, is all. No ones linen shirts look that snowy white where I 					live.  He gave her a withering look. 						Forgive me for having a clean shirt. Shall I rip the seams a bit for 						you?  She heaved out a breath. If you 						cant survive bein stripped by a woman and havin coffee thrown at you, you 						most certainly wont survive where Im takin you. Youre over six feet 						tall. Act like every inch counts, will you? Be a man.  He released his shirt and 						stalked toward her, veering in tauntingly close. Tis damn well hard to be 						a man around you. Damn. Well. Hard.  She rolled her eyes and huffed 						on her way out of the office.  Men. They were all so 						self-righteous no matter what their upbringing or how hard you hit them on 						the head.        Of old there was nothing, nor 					sand, nor sea, nor cool waves. No earth, no heaven above. Only the yawning 						chasm. Saemundar Edda, Codex Regius (early 						fourteenth century) ROBINSON INTENTLY WATCHED the shadows of 						wood buildings as they bobbed and rolled by through the small dirt-streaked 						window at his elbow, waiting to recognize just one thing. And yet he didnt. 						Not the buildings. Not the streets. Not the omni he rode in. Not even the 						night itself. It was as if he were looking out upon a chasm that meant 						nothing to him. How much longer would he have to live feeling as if he were 						seeing everything for the first time?  He tightened his jaw and glanced 						toward the young woman sitting beside him on the bench. Georgia. Like the 						state. Who the hell named their daughter after a state? It would be like 						naming ones daughter after Paris. It bespoke of too much grandeur with very little 						to show.  Her sloppily gathered strawberry 						locks quivered within her frayed, beribboned bonnet with each strong sway of 						the omni that sent her shoulder bumping into his shoulder. Despite the sways 						that forced their bodies to touch, she indifferently stared out across the 						narrow space toward the bench opposite their own, which had long been 						emptied of passengers.  Something about her was so 						achingly familiar, but for some reason, it didnt match any of the erotic 						images she evoked in his head. He could vividly see pale, freckled limbs and 						cascading long red hair similar to hers splayed out against linen, but there 						simply wasnt a face associated with it. Who was the naked woman in his head 						if it wasnt this Georgia? Was it a wife he couldnt remember? Or 						amistress?  God help him either 					way.  He dragged in a breath. What do 						you know about me? he eventually inquired above the clattering of the wood 						wheels.  Georgia shifted toward him. Her 						seductive eyes met his through the dim light of the lantern that swayed 						above the closed omni door, shifting shadows. I know as much about you as 						you know about yourself.  Are you certain I never 						mentioned having a wife?  You told me you had no 						wife.  Oh. Had he lied to her? No. He 						wasnt that sort of man. Or rather, he could sense he wasnt that sort of man. He 						shifted closer to her on the bench, his thigh bumping hers. And how do we 						know each other again?  We met on Broadway. You affixed 						one of the ribbons on my bonnet when it came loose and it led to a bit of 						conversation.  Ah. And was I at least 						courteous and respectable toward you during our initial 					interaction?  She eyed him. Courteous, you 						most certainly were. Respectable? Mmm. No. Not really. Not given the way you 						insisted I join you for coffee. You wouldnt leave me alone.  He cleared his throat. There 						isnt anything wrong with a gentleman insisting on mere coffee, is 						there?  If the coffee is at his hotel, 						Id say there is.  He lowered his chin. I 						propositioned you?  Right there on the street. She 						waggled her brows and nudged him. You practically poured coffee down my 						throat.  What breed of a bastard ambushed 						a woman on the street and tried to drag her over to his hotel under the 						pretense of coffee? If he ever did remember being that sort of man, hed up 						and fist himself. I can only apologize for my behavior.  Apology much appreciated and 						accepted.  Scanning her full lips, Robinson 						tried to conjure a memory of what might have been. He would have remembered 						making love to a mouth like that, wouldnt he? But then again, he really 						couldnt remember making love to any mouth. It was alarming to know all 						about what went on between a man and a woman and yet not remember 						doing any 						of it aside from some random flash of nakedness belonging to God knows whom. 						So what happened between us? Did you and I ever?  Her brows rose. What sort of 						woman do you take me for? I said no and sent you on your way, is what. You 						were the one followin me like a dog.  He leaned toward her. If 						nothing happened between us, and you know as much about me as I know about 						myself, why are you taking me home with you? Arent you at all worried I 						might be deranged or how this might affect your reputation? I dont quite 						understand your reasoning.  She clasped her bare hands, 						bringing them to the lap of her calico gown. Dont complicate this, Brit. 						Im only doin this because Ive got guilt as deep as the Hudson and youve 						got money to see us both through. I also wasnt about to let you aimlessly 						wander the city in your condition.  He shrugged. I would have 						managed.  Yes. The way you managed that day on the 						street and ended up where you are now, completely oblivious to yourself and 						the world.  Robinson lapsed into agitated 						silence, trying to recapture what he could remember. He remembered the 						hospital and all of the brass beds that lined the hall. He remembered the 						oatmeallike plaster ceiling that peeled in sections above his bed. He 						remembered the endless conversations hed shared with Dr. Carter, who had 						patiently assisted him in doing things he already knew how to do but oddly 						couldnt remember doing. Like how to shave, tie a cravat and read from a 						book of poems by Robert Burns. Dr. Carter mentioned an omni being 						responsible for my condition, but refused to share any details pertaining to 						the incident. What happened?  Twas sad, she admitted 						quietly. Some pignut slit the strings on my reticule and you chased him in 						an effort to retrieve it. Thats when the omni swiped you.  It was so odd to hear about 						himself doing things he didnt remember doing. Rather heroic of 					me.  Actually, here in New York, we 						call that stupid. A reticule isnt worth ones life. For pitys sake, you 						tried to dash past a movin omni, and, wellthose maggots drive like a 						priest on the way to confession. They never stop. In one short breath She 						leaned in and smacked her hands together. Bam!  He lowered his chin. Bam. I 						see. And that is when I awoke in the hospital, yes?  No. You were conscious 						thereafter, though not for very long. I knew somethin wasnt right. You 						could hardly move or talk. I stayed with you the whole while after I 						delivered you into Dr. Carters care. I even tried visitin your bed when 						you regained consciousness, but Dr. Carter wouldnt let me, seein you and 						most of the men in the hall were half-naked. So I just called on Dr. 						Carters office when I could to ensure you were doin well.  He searched her face. What made 						you repeatedly inquire about me?  Hospitals arent known for 						their care, Brit, as much as their morgues. I was worried.  Yes, the care most certainly 						was lacking. Some patients slept in their own vomit and were rarely cleaned. 						I assisted them and others whenever I could. Aside from the stench, I 						couldnt bear watching grown men choking on what little was left of their 						pride.  She observed him. How much did 						Dr. Carter tell you about your condition? Did he talk to you about it at 						all?  He shrugged. Somewhat. He seems 						to think that when I was flung to the ground, it jarred my brain and 						affected my ability to recall events.  Did he mention that Robinson 						Crusoe isnt really your name?  He glanced at her, his throat 						tightening. No. That he did not.  She shook her head. I dont 						understand his so-called medical advice. How are you supposed to assimilate 						if you arent given the means to decipher what is and isnt 					real?  He set his trembling hands on 						his knees. Why would Dr. Carter have maliciously allowed him to believe 						otherwise? How does he know it isnt my name? It could be. I sense that it 						is.  Not accordin to him. He claims 						that some of the events you speak of, includin the name itself, all came 						out of the pages of a book about a shipwrecked sailor. September 30, 1659. I, unhappy Robinson 						Crusoe, having suffered shipwreck, was driven on this desolate island, which 						I named the Desolate Island of Despair, the rest being swallowed up in the 						tempestuous sea. Pushing out an uneasy breath, he 						tried to force away those misplaced words that never seemed to stop. What 						year is it? I never did ask Dr. Carter.  She eyed him. July of 						1830.  Oh, God. He pressed his fingers 						against his temple, wishing he could shove reality back into it. When would 						this damnable haze lift? I cannot be this Robinson. Not given that the year 						in my head is September of 1659. What in blazes is wrong with me? Why do I 						have somesomebook burned in my head but nothing else? It doesnt make 						any sense.  She grabbed his hand and shook 						it. Try not to rile yourself over it. Give it time. Ive no doubt your 						family will settle you back into your way of life when they 					come.  He gently clasped his other hand 						over her small one, basking in its unexpected warmth and comfort. What if I 						dont have a family? What will become of me then?  Oh, hush. Everyone always has 						someone in 						their life. Be it family or not. She slipped her hand from his, patting his 						forearm before setting it back onto her lap. More than enough time has 						passed to ensure people are lookin for you. And if theyre lookin, youd 						best believe theyll see the newspapers when it goes to print. Theyll come 						for you. I know they will.  Robinson nodded, hoping she was 						right, because he didnt want to live like this anymore. He felt like a 						ghost without a gravestone to refer to. I appreciate you taking me 						in.  Theres no need to thank me. 						Im only puttin a roof over your head and feedin you. Anyone can do that 						for a nickel and a dime.  Money. She would need money, and 						given her worn boots and frayed bonnet it didnt appear as if she had very 						much of it to begin with. He pressed a hand against the satchel weighing his 						inner coat pocket. Im willing to give you half of everything I have in 						return for your generosity.  Im not about to take half. 						She lowered her gaze to his shoulder and leaned in. But if youd be willin 						to give me six dollars, she bargained, Ill see to it that all of your 						food and rent is paid for out of my own pocket. I know six is a lot to ask 						for, but it would help me fill the last of my box. I earn more than enough 						from laundry to cover basic expenses, give or take a quarter. We wont be 						eatin mutton or chops, but porridge, oysters, yams and the likes I can 						easily fit on the menu.  Sensing that she wasnt 						accustomed to asking for anything, he gently offered, If you require more 						than six dollars, so that we may eat better and fill your box, I should hope you 						will ask for it.  She smiled, her features 						brightening. She leaned back against the wooden bench. Youre beautifully 						kind, Robinson, but six dollars is all this woman needs to buy herself a new 						life.  He blinked. You intend to 						buy 						yourself a new life? For six dollars? Is that even possible?  Of course its possible. She 						lowered her voice. Im movin out west, you see. To Ohio. Ive a good 						friend who used to be a neighbor of mineAgnes Meehan, who moved out that 						way with her father shortly after my husband died. She wrote me sayin 						theres cheap land to be had, and if I could find my way out there with 						fifty dollars, I could invest in half an acre and work my way toward a 						better life. So Ive been savin for that half acre ever since, and six 						dollars is about the last of what I need. Thatll put me at sixty. Five for 						the stagecoach, five for food and the rest for the land.  She faced the bench opposite 						them again, staring out before herself with a dreamy smile still touching 						her lips. I intend to farm that half acre and set a one-room cabin on it. 						It wont be much, barely a few logs slapped together on a scrap of land, but 						itll be more than enough for me. And just beyond that pile of logs, Ill 						plant a row of apple trees thatll blossom every spring and bear barrels of 						fruit. Apples, flowers and freshly overturned earth will scent the air 						durin the day, and at night Ill stand outside on my land, lookin up at 						starry skies, listenin to the wind.  She released a breathy sigh and 						half nodded. Ill be self-made. Not man-made. Though I do plan on marryin 						again. The thought of livin alone depresses me.  Robinson intently observed her, 						the clatter of the wheels overtaking all sound. God, did he admire the 						wistful dreaminess in that lilting voice. It made him want everything she 						had just described, right down to the whistling wind and the apple trees. It 						held a peaceful and divine purpose found by honest, hard work cradled within 						a dream and a promise that something could be his. Compared to this void writhing within 						him, telling him that he owned nothing, not a family or a home or a woman of 						his own, it was paradise in its truest form.  She glanced out the window. 						Time sure does flit. The next stop is already ours. Pardon my reach. She 						leaned forward, setting her bare hand on his thigh to balance herself and 						reached across him to pull on the rope attached to the drivers leg. 						Sometimes these damn drivers claim not to feel the rope. So I make sure 						they do.  She set her chin and yanked the 						rope several more times, the faint scent of crisp soap and lye drifting 						toward him as she swayed against each solid tug.  A familiar shiver of awareness 						raced through him. That scent. It was so hauntingly familiar. It whispered 						to him that if he buried himself within that fragrance, he would forever 						know compassion, comfort and peace.  He instinctively slid his hand 						to her back, grazing the small hooks on her gown, and pressed her warmth 						against the side of his body, desperately wanting to touch her. 						Georgia?  She stiffened and glanced up at 						him, her hand falling away from the rope and drifting down to his thigh. Her 						lips parted as her shadowed green eyes searched his face. What is it? Is 						something wrong? You not feelin well? Art thou afraid to be the same in thine 						own act and valour as thou art in desire?  Were those his words responding to 						his heart in this moment? He didnt know, but something chanted that 						if he didnt attempt to make this woman his, hed be missing out on the 						greatest opportunity hed ever known as a man.  He drew her closer toward 						himself, his hands rounding her slim shoulders, and whispered, I want to 						kiss you. Can I?  She let out a shaky breath, the 						warmth of that mouth grazing against his own. Im not very good at 						kissin.  Cradling her against the curve 						of his arm, he pressed her softness against his tensing body. At least you 						remember what its like.  She tilted her lips upward 						toward his own and smirked. Youre just tryin to make me feel sorry for 						you.  Do you?  Oddly, yes. I do feel sorry for 						you.  Good. He lowered his lips to 						hers. Closing his eyes, he savored the warmth of her soft mouth lingering 						against his own and better molded his lips against that delicate 						mouth.  Her moist lips parted. Though he 						wanted to slide his tongue deep into that mouth and ravage it, he didnt 						know if that was something he was supposed to do, so he lingered, hoping she 						would take the lead. He could barely breathe.  Her hot velvet tongue instantly 						slid against his own, grazing his teeth. He bit back his own need to groan, 						as an ache overwhelmed his entire body. He slowly gave in to circling his 						tongue against hers, sensing the tongue was more than 					permissible.  She tasted like 						spicedwhiskey?  She grabbed hold of the lapels 						on his coat and dragged him down, down onto her, shifting her entire body 						beneath his own, until they were both practically hanging off the bench. He 						tightened his hold on her shoulders and waist and dug his booted heels into 						the floor of the omni to keep them both from falling.  Pressing herself more savagely 						against him, she pushed her tongue deeper into his mouth, responding to his 						tongue so fiercely his heart pounded in disbelief. Entranced by the 						unexpected passion pouring out of her, he reveled in the way that wet tongue 						moved so erotically against his own. If this were the one and only kiss he 						were to ever remember as a man, he would honor it with never-ending, 						glorying pride. May the lightning of heaven consume me, if 						I adore thee not to distraction!  Crushing one hand against her 						bonnet, he slid his other hand down the smooth fabric of her gown, curving 						it to her firm, corseted waist. He dug the tips of his fingers into the 						fabric separating them, feeling as if he were racing against his own mind 						and breath, trying to remain grounded in this incredible reality. He trailed 						his hand back up toward her breasts, rounding his hand around its softness 						and weight. His cock swelled from the touch, and the need to rip his clothes 						apart, in an effort to show her just how divine she was, consumed the last 						of him. He kissed her harder, frantically digging and grinding his erection 						into her thigh.  Georgia tightened her lips in an 						effort to force out his tongue, digging her fingers into his 					biceps.  Reluctantly breaking their kiss, 						he dragged her back upright and repositioned her sidesaddle onto his lap. He 						cradled her for a long moment, her uneven breaths matching his own. It was 						the first time in nine days he felt like he finally belonged to someone and 						he swore to himself that he would never let this or her go, lest he be 						swallowed back into nothingness.  The omni around them swayed to a 						halt as the driver called out their stop. She shifted to move, but he 						fiercely held her in place. Reaching up, he trailed the tips of his fingers 						down past the faded ribbon of her bonnet toward the soft slope of her 						curving throat. Take me out west with you, he insisted in a barely 						composed tone. I want everything you spoke of. Right down to the wind and 						the apple trees. I will give you every last nickel in my pocket if you 						promise to take me with you.  Her eyes widened. She shoved his 						hand away and scrambled outside of his grasp and off his lap. Stumbling 						forward and onto her feet, she caught herself against the narrow pathway 						between the two benches leading to the rear door of the omni. Whatever do 						you mean you want my land and my apple trees? We barely know each other. 						Even worse, you dont even know your name.  He sat up. You will need 						someone to build your cabin, till the land and chop timber. I can do that 						for you. I can.  She gawked at him, then shook 						her head and frantically arranged her skirts. No. Dont you be stickin 						your hands into my head and playin with my dreams like that. Theyre my 						dreams. You hear? Not yours. Mine.  He swallowed, his chest 						tightening. I need help, Georgia. I need help if Im going to rebuild a 						sense of reality. And I think youre the one to help me do it.  Stop it, she tossed at him in 						a harsh tone. Im not takin you with me and I most certainly cant help 						you in the way you think I can.  I know you can. I felt it 						before and after we touched.  She glared at him. I know what 						you felt, Brit, and it wasnt that. Ive got plans and Im sorry to say this, because 						I like you, I really do, but my plans dont involve a man who doesnt know 						his up from his down. A woman such as myself, who has very little to begin 						with, needs a grain of security. And you arent it.  He scrambled to his feet. But 						that kiss  I shouldnt have allowed for 						it. All right? I shouldnt have taken advantage of you. Youre not in your 						right mind and it was wrong of me. Now justjust get off the damn omni 						before it takes off and were forced to walk half the night. Throwing open 						the door, she hurried down the small stairs leading out of the omni and 						disappeared into the night, leaving him to feel again he belonged to no one 						and nothing.        At Christmas I no more desire a rose than wish a snow in Mays newfangled shows. William Shakespeare, A Pleasant Conceited Comedie Called, Loues labors loft (1598) ROBINSON JUMPED OUT AFTER Georgia, his boots thudding against the shadowed dirt road, and slammed the rear door of the omni. The boxed carriage reared forward, its large wheels kicking up dust that bit into his watering eyes. An overwhelming stench of festering sewage penetrated his nostrils.  Bleed me, he growled, burying the lower half of his face into the crook of his arm in an attempt to block the assaulting stink.  He swung toward Georgia, who was already crossing the wide, dimly lit street. She dodged an oncoming huckster and a peddler cart, disappearing from sight.  He lowered his arm, his heart pounding knowing that his only connection to reality was abandoning him. Georgia! He jogged after her, the acrid air crawling down his throat. He swallowed, mentally willing away the sensation of nausea that threatened to heave out his innards. Do you intend to loathe me for wanting to share in your dream of going west? That hardly seems fair.  Her shadow reappeared on the pavement just outside the dull, yellowing light of a gas lamppost. She paused and glanced back at him, dropping the folds of her skirts. Your family is waitin for you, Brit. Try to remember that. Someone is out there sheddin tears for you, worryin themselves into a grave whilst you foolishly talk of chasin a dream that isnt even yours to chase.  Why did he feel as if she was wrong? Why did he feel as if there was no one waiting for him? Not a mother. Not a wife. No one. Tis very difficult for me to care about people I cant even remember, be they shedding tears for me or not.  Though he couldnt see her face against the wavering shadows, he could see the softening of her rigid stance. She blew out a breath. I suppose I understand. She waved him over. Come. We shouldnt linger. Trouble brews in the dark around these parts.  Drawing in the sharpness of the dank evening air, he crossed the dirt road toward her, the lone gas lamp flickering as it unevenly lit the mired path before him.  He scanned the stretching width of the dank street. Cramped wooden buildings loomed in the surrounding darkness, murky-yellow lamps lighting broken windows stuffed with rags and heaven knows what else. Silhouettes of men and women lurked on the streets and hovered in doorways. Others casually lounged on the curb of the pavement in small groups, chuckling and having muted conversations as if respectably sitting around a table to dine.  An old man holding a dented tankard staggered past on an angle, bellowing in an off-key tone, The devil and me, together we pee, yessiree, the devil and me.  Robinson swallowed against the knot lodged in his throat. Is this where she lived? All of this felt wrong. She didnt belong here amongst these grimy shadows and broken windows stuffed with rags. No wonder she dreamed of apple trees and open fields.  A headache pinched his skull, making him squint in an attempt to fight against his sudden discomfort. He quickened his stride until he paused before her and a doorstep leading into a large two-story building.  Something snorted and darted past his legs, making him jump aside in heart-pounding astonishment. A round, furless creature wobbled down the pavement and into the inky shadows of the night.  He pointed at it. What the hell was that?  A pig, she remarked, lowering her gaze and moving around him. Theyre always wanderin the street lookin for food. Much like everyone else round these parts.  He eyed her. A pig? In the city?  She set her chin. I hate to disappoint you, Brit, but in this ward, pigs are considered highly respectable citizens.  Sensing she was still irked with him, he edged toward her. If I had known that I would upset you like this, I would have never kissed you. Know that.  She crossed her arms over her chest. It wasnt your fault. I willingly gave in to it. I justI dont want this turnin into a mess, is all. Ive got plans for a better life and I dont want those plans to fall aside, see? Im not gettin any younger and the Five Points is agin me fast.  He dragged in a breath and let it out. It chafed knowing that he was nothing but an inconvenience to her, especially after that kiss. Did she kiss all men like that? I have no intention to impose upon your plans, he managed.  Good. It means well get along. She gestured toward the doorstep leading into a small building whose sparse windows were lit by warm light peering out from behind lopsided curtains. Follow me and mind the step.  He lingered as she withdrew a key from a stitched pocket within her gown and opened the entrance door. Waving him into the blurring abyss of a narrow stairwell, she closed the main entrance door behind them.  Grabbing his hand firmly, she guided him into the darkness. Dont let go.  I wont. He tightened his hold, fingering her small, callus-roughened hand. It was odd to feel as though he was under her protection and mercy.  She gently shook his hand. Use your other hand to balance yourself against the wall as we go up. There are sixteen stairs. The first always trips everyone up, even me. So mind it.  He bit back a smile, touched by her mothering. After a few blind pats, he found the wall she was referring to and lifted his booted foot, placing it on the first step. He caught the edge and carefully slid into place. You do this every night?  I have to sleep sometime, dont I?  Are there no lamps to make use of?  There are, but theyre usually dashed out by nine-thirty. Weve had too many fires down the street. She tightened her fingers around his hand and tugged him upward. Cant you go any faster? Raymond was three and fifty the day his heart stopped and he managed to run these stairs up and down in the dark as if he were twenty.  It wasnt much of a compliment having that pointed out. Robinson released her hand and hurried up the remaining stairs, boldly taking two at a time in the darkness. Angling past her warmth, he jumped onto the landing with an impressive thud. There. Did Raymond ever skip stairs in the darkness the way I just did?  Never mock a dead man who doesnt deserve it. Her hand caught his arm. She tugged him toward the end of what appeared to be a blackened corridor. There are two floors and four tenements on each floor. Most of the people livin here are men. Dont know how that came to be, but dont think the worst of me. Its just how it is. Unlike them, Im fortunate enough to afford my own tenement. Raymond knew the landlord, so I only pay three dollars a month for what could easily be six.  She released his hand and patted his arm. Stay where you are. There was a chink of a key being pushed into a lock and then a click and the door creaked open.  Her heels echoed against the floorboards and he could hear the flint being struck. A glass oil lamp sputtered to life, brilliantly illuminating not only her pale face but a small yellow-wallpapered kitchen one could easily cross in but three strides. The heavy scent of starch, lye and soap drifted toward him.  Youll get used to the smell, she offered conversationally. Its better than the one outside, to be sure. I do all of my work in the front room as opposed to the yard outside, see. That way nothin gets stolen.  She set the glass lamp onto a wooden table set across from a brick hearth bearing a cauldron. She loosened the tie beneath her chin, the blue ribbons cascading in a flutter to her slim shoulders. She stripped the oval bonnet from her head with a sigh and glanced down, neatly retying the ribbon into a perfect bow. Bustling toward the wall, she leaned over a coal bin and hung her bonnet gently from a nail positioned next to another nail that held a faded wooden rosary.  Her thick bundled hair appeared almost brown in the dim light, with only hints of bright red as she turned back to the chair and swept up a plaid apron. She affixed it around her waist with three quick movements.  His eyes dropped from her slim shoulders to her aproned waist. It was like being her husband and peering into a very intimate routine. He rather liked it. It made him feel as if he were walking into his own home and into the arms of a woman who was his.  Remembering the way her hot, wet tongue had eagerly moved against his own, he gripped the wood trim harder to force out any thoughts of wanting her in that way again. It was obvious she didnt want more of it. Not from him, anyway.  She glanced up and turned toward him. Are you goin to stand there and let the world know Im home? Shut the door.  He cleared his throat and stepped into the small room, shutting the door with a thud. He paused, noting three metal bolts. He gestured toward them. Do you want me to bolt all three?  Thats what theyre there for, Brit. To keep the world out. Unless your boxing skills are better than mine.  She had a reply for everything. He affixed all of the metal latches into place and turned back toward her. Sensing she was still annoyed with him, he held up both hands in truce. Meeting her gaze, he set them behind his back, locking a hand over a wrist against his spine. I wont grab for you.  She smiled, pulled out one of the two chairs from beside the small table and gestured toward it. Sit. Im over it.  If only he was.  He strode toward the chair, pressing his hands tightly against his back, and sat, causing the chair to creak in protest. It wobbled beneath him. Carefully sliding back into it out of fear hed break it, he slipped his hands out from behind his back and set them on his knees. He shifted, eyeing the small kitchen, and leaned forward to scan the two other adjoining rooms that light didnt spread into.  She gestured toward one of the small rooms he was looking at. That there is the closet.  The closet?  Where I sleep.  Dont you mean the bedchamber?  She dropped a hand to her side. Is that what you Brits call it? She tsked. You boyos certainly like to make everythin sound so much fancier than it really is. Its a closet with a straw bed and a trunk. Nothin more.  He lowered his gaze down to his boots, sensing she didnt particularly like the British. Where do you want me to sleep?  She sighed. You can sleep with me on the bed. Theres room and I dont mind.  He glanced up. She was really looking to make him suffer. I hardly think it wise we share a bed.  There was no bed on that omni, Robinson, and yet neither of us could keep our hands to ourselves. Between these three small rooms, our bodies are goin to be rubbin up against each other quite a bit, so youd best get used to it.  He feigned a laugh. I might not physically survive you or this. Im still a bit astounded by that kiss you gave me. It was remarkable enough for me to want more.  Ill agree that it was, but you really need to try to keep everythin buttoned up in those trousers from here on out. If the urge is particularly strong, just ask for some privacy and make use of your hand. All right?  He shifted his jaw, feeling his body temperature rising. It was like she was a man, not a woman. I ask that you not talk like that to me, Georgia. I find it unsettling and vulgar coming from your mouth.  She clicked her tongue at him. Im a nun compared to all the other women around me, but Ill do my best not to offend. She drifted past him toward the cupboard and pointed toward a corked bottle. Ive got whiskey, if you want it. Came straight from the barrel down the street. Tis the best in the ward at a dime a gallon and has enough smoke and bite to make it worth your while.  He let out a low whistle. In England we call that death.  A giggle escaped her. She turned toward him, tilting her head to one side to better observe him. Do you remember anythin about England?  He paused. No. Not really.  Ah, youre better off, I say. Youre cursed enough. Now. How about you drink up a good tin of whiskey? Itll help you sleep.  He shook his head. No. I would rather not. My mind is muddled enough without  A resounding thud hit the adjoining wall, sending a tremor throughout the room.  He rose to his feet. What was that?  She winced and waved toward the main wall opposite them. Never you mind John Andrew Malloy over there. He feels the need to entertain the masses every now and then. Just ignore it.  You mean hes hosting a formal gathering? At this hour?  She pursed her lips as if he were a complete dolt. Not quite.  Steady, rhythmic thuds grew more and more pronounced as muffled moans filtered through the wall. Thats it, Georgia. Come on. Let me hear it. A woman cried out, mingling with those thrusting grunts.  His brows rose as his face and skin prickled with astounded heat. He glanced over at Georgia and gestured toward the wall. By God. Did he justsay your name? Or did I imagine that?  She turned and quickly headed over to the cupboard and commenced arranging and rearranging all of her plates, even though they were already arranged.  Apparently, he hadnt imagined it at all.  Rapid, feverish thumps rattled the plates Georgia tried to reorganize. Take it, Georgia. Take every last  A woman gasped against a massive thud that vibrated the floor beneath Robinsons boots. Now, now, not so hard, John! Im not running a charity here.  Georgia cringed and swung away, slapping a hand over her mouth.  Robinsons throat tightened as the need to protect her honor descended upon him like a massive wave crashing to the shore. She didnt like it. And neither did he.  Stalking over to the wall, he banged his fist against the plaster, causing it to tremor beneath each hit. John Andrew Malloy! he boomed, leaning toward the wall and pounding it again. Unless you want a fist to find its way through this wall and into your skull, I demand you desist using the name of a woman you arent even with!  She choked on a laugh, dropping her hand to her side, and swung toward him. Shush! Hell hear you.  He stepped away from the wall and adjusted his coat in riled agitation. I hope to God he does. That is vile. You shouldnt have to listen to that. And neither should I.  She groaned and yanked her apron up over her face and head, burying herself in it. If John comes over here, Ill up and die.  If John comes over here, he is going to up and die.  An anguished moan and one last Georgia ripped through the air. Everything soon lulled itself back into silence.  Georgia quietly lingered before the doorless cupboard, her head still buried in her apron. Im never comin out knowin you heard that. She suffocated a giggle. Not ever, ever, ever.  At least she had a sense of humor about it. You have to come out sometime.  No, I dont.  Knowing she was being silly, he edged toward the bolted door and, despite hearing nothing, said in a taunting voice, I hear footsteps.  She whipped her apron down from her face and gawked at him in exasperation. You do not.  No. But I got you out, did I not? He leaned against the bolted door and crossed his arms over his chest, trying to appear indifferent even though he was thoroughly agitated to know some man was yelling out her name in the throes of passion. How often does he do that to you? And why?  She rolled her eyes, her smooth cheeks flushing. He has a bit of a fancy for me.  A bit? He was saying your name.  Oh, all right, more than a fancy. She glanced toward the wall and lowered her voice, pointing at him. This doesnt leave the room.  Now, this he had to hear. I wont say a word.  She heaved out a breath and waved toward the wall. John Andrew and this redhead from over on Anthony Street started seein each other about a month ago. I thought it was movin toward matrimony and was actually quite happy for him. Then I ran into the woman one mornin whilst gettin my yams, and she thanked me for the business I was givin her. I told her I most certainly didnt know what she was talkin about, and thats when she laughed and told me all about how John Andrew Malloy pays her fifty cents to ride her up the hole he shouldnt, all whilst callin her Georgia. She snorted. I about fainted. But better her than me, I say.  Robinson drew in a ragged breath and let it out. He was going to slaughter this John Andrew Malloy.  A door slammed in the distance beyond, making them both pause. Steady footfalls headed toward them from next door, followed by a knock that vibrated the bolted door he was still leaning against.  Ey, Georgia! a man called from the other side. Open up.  Her eyes widened as she slammed down a reprimanding foot. Drat you and that mouth, Robinson! She hurried toward him, shaking her head, and waved him away with both hands. Step aside before he chews my door to bits.  I intend to chew him to bits. Pardon me. He whipped toward the door, his chest tightening as he undid the bolts. He was going to scatter the bastards innards across the entire length of the corridor. No. Georgia shoved him away from the door and swung a finger toward the shadowed wall where the lamp didnt reach. Step into the shadows and put your back against the wall. I dont want him seein your face.  He squinted at her. Are you defending this man?  No. Im defendin you. She lowered her voice to a whisper. John happens to be one of the boys. And the rule around here is not to stir the pot before youve had a chance to put anythin in it. You dont want him spreadin rumors and havin people hunt you down. Hes known for it. Now get in the shadows.  He threw up both hands in exasperation and fell against the wall behind him with a thud.  Dont say a word until I get rid of him. She pointed at him one last time as if that were going to keep him in place, then unbolted the door and swung it open.  His brows rose a fraction at what came into view in the dim light just outside his shadowy hiding spot.  A tall, shirtless youth who looked barely old enough to shave casually leaned against the doorway outside, his smooth, muscled chest and face glistening from the sheen of sex-induced sweat. Wool trousers were crookedly affixed on those narrow hips and his two large feet were as bare as the day he was born. He edged in toward Georgia, long strands of blond hair falling into his eyes. Ive had a long day, Georgia. Dont make it longer by telling me what I can and cant do in me own low closet.  Youre touched in the head, John. Touched. She tapped her forehead with a finger. I couldnt care less about what you do in your low closet. I just dont want to hear it. Youre bein overly stupid and loud.  The edge of Johns mouth lifted. Just imagine how overly stupid and loud itd be if it were happening in your low closet?  Georgia set her hands on her hips. Youd only snap at the first thrust, John. Theres barely enough of you as it is.  Robinson bit back an exasperated laugh and shifted against the wall. She certainly knew how to serve up a good tongue.  John paused. Is that Matthew? Was he the one up and banging on the wall like Fecky the Ninth? He pushed past Georgia, striding into the room, and jerked to a halt, scanning Robinson. His eyes widened as his sweat-sleeked face flushed all the more. He glanced back over at Georgia. Whos this prick? And whats he doing in your room?  Robinson narrowed his gaze and pushed away from the wall, ready to fist the runt back out into the corridor where he belonged.  Back against the wall, Robinson, Georgia warned, pointing at him. And dont say a word.  Gritting his teeth, Robinson fell back against the wall, but held the youths gaze, challenging him to come at him.  John swiped his hair out of his eyes and leaned toward her, his bare chest rising and falling more steadily. Christ, Georgia. You cant be trusting men you dont know. Get rid of him. Before I do.  Dont be playin all high and mighty, John, whilst youre playin with your whores loud enough for the whole buildin to hear. Georgia grabbed the youth by the arm, directing him to the open door. Ive been behind on the rent by a whole dollar forty-five since my reticule was swiped and Im boardin him to make up for it, is all. So you neednt be jerkin your chin at me. I know what Im doin. She tried shoving him into the corridor.  John yanked his arm away from her and spun back. Youre doing more than boarding him. He swiped a hand over his face. Youre fecking him for extra money to move west, arent you?  She gasped. Im not feckin him!  Like hell you arent.  Robinson shook his head from side to side. Have a little more respect for the woman, he called out from up against the wall he was still sentenced to. And while youre at it, sir, put on a shirt lest you blind us all with your lack of refinement.  Johns eyes widened. Smite me. Hes a fobbing Brit. Sir and all! Shoving past Georgia, John veered toward him and said through clenched teeth, Youd best leave lest I bloody you up well enough for your whore of a mother in England to feel it.  Robinson pushed away from the wall, straightening to his full height of six feet four inches, towering well above the boy by a whole head and a half. Id like to see you try, little John. Get out! Lunging, John snapped out a clenched fist up toward his face.  Robinson vaulted aside as Johns white-knuckled fist smashed into the wall behind him, denting the plaster with a muffled thud that resounded within the room. John! Georgia grabbed John by the waist and dragged him back toward her. Enough. Enough!  Robinson held out a strained hand in warning, even though what he really wanted to do was smash the boys skull into pieces.  John swatted away Georgias hands from around his waist and veered back toward him, his lean chest rising and falling against impassioned breaths. No one makes a whore out of Georgia. No one. Especially not some prick of a Brit.  Holding the youths gaze, Robinson removed his coat and tossed it toward the chair, readying himself for whatever was about to happen. The only one making a whore out of Georgia right now is you, John. I suggest you leave. Before she has to witness something she oughtnt.  Georgia grabbed the youth by the arm with both hands and yanked him back, using her own body to maneuver his. As you can see, John, despite him bein a Brit, hes a gent who knows how to control his own two fists. Unlike you. Turning him back toward the door, she shoved him out into the corridor. Now get back to your girl.  Shes not me girl, he tossed back, turning back toward her. Im only fecking her to keep meself sane, because living next to you on the hour is like living next to the Garden of Eden. Snakes and all!  Dont you worry, this Eve is movin the entire garden west and soon. Good nightAdam. Slamming the door, she bolted all three locks. Georgia! The door rattled. Georgia, please dont do this. Ive got two dollars and thirty-four cents saved up. Tis yours if you need it and I sure as hell wont ask for spit, in turn. Just dontdont feck him.  Georgia hit the door with a hard, fast fist, rattling the door. Is that all you think Im good for? A bloody feck? Off with you, you knacker, before I tell Matthew to slice you up like custard pie and serve you to the locals!  There was a mutter as footfalls faded. A door slammed.  What a vile little maggot, Robinson drawled. Is feck what I think it is?  Georgia turned and glared at him. If that were Matthew or any other man, you would have been dead by now. Dont think that because you stand well over six feet that you can talk back to these men. This isnt Broadway where people settle things with a bit of conversation. People here settle for blood. I want you to remember that the next time you mouth off.  He shifted his jaw. He was disrespecting you and he was disrespecting me.  Get used to it. Its called life. Sometimes, youve got to swallow your pride to ensure you dont die. She snatched up the lamp from off the table and disappeared into the adjoining room, momentarily leaving him in shadows.  Robinson swiped an exhausted hand across his face and winced as his fingers scraped against his scab. Seething out a breath, he leaned against the wall. How old was that bastard, anyway? He looked rather young to be carrying on the way he did.  Hes one and twenty, she called out from within the low closet. She unfolded yellowing linen and spread it onto the straw mattress, smoothing it out. Not nearly as young as you think. I was eighteen when I became a wife.  He stared at her. You were rather young.  Young? Dont be silly. Most girls marry younger to avoid fallin into the hands of a brothel, and unlike them, I actually married for love. And a fine love it was. She half nodded and turned away, her voice fading as she breathed out, Even if it didnt last.  Leaning over, she quietly arranged and rearranged the linen on the bed as if not at all pleased with the way it was laying. He sensed she was actually doing it to avoid any further discussion pertaining to her marriage.  He trailed a hand against the uneven plastered wall as he made his way toward her. So John is one of the boys?  That he is. He can read and write now because of them.  Little good reading and writing has done him. He appears to be deranged.  She glanced back toward him, straightening. He serves his purpose, pays out his quota from his own weekly earnins and works on command durin political campaigns. Thats all the boys want and need. And though John sure as hell doesnt show it, for fear other men would snicker, he has a rather soft heart and is always helpin others. He was initiated into the group barely a year ago, after one of our boys was stabbed to death over at the docks. She huffed out a breath. What a mess that was.  His brows rose. So you mean when one of them dies, they up and replace him with another? Dont you find that infinitely disturbing?  Tis no different than a gents club over on Broadway losin a member and needin a new one. Ill have you know theres actually a sizable waitin list. Half the ward is forever complainin to Matthew and Coleman that they ought to make the group accommodate more men. Those two thievin banshees, however, consider any number beyond forty not only financially unmanageable, but unlucky.  And why is that?  Because theyre known as the Forty Thieves. Not the fifty-six or the eighty-two thieves.  A sensation of odd familiarity trickled through him. He blinked, wondering why he already knew something about these men. Let us now leave Ali Baba to enjoy the commencement of his good fortune and return to the forty thieves.  Wait.  Wasnt that a story?  One he knew and had read in youth? In a certain town of Persia lived two brothers, one of whom was named Cassim, the other Ali Baba. As their father, at his death, left them but little property, which they divided equally between them, it might have been expected that their fortunes would be the same; chance, however, ordered it otherwise. By God. It was indeed a story. Just as Robinson Crusoe had been. What the hell was wrong with him? The Forty Thieves? As inAli Baba and the forty thieves?  Her face brightened. Yes. Do you know of it?  Oddly enough, I do. Tis known as The Arabian Nights Entertainments. I must have read it. Because I know of it. The moment you mentioned the Forty Thieves, almost the entire story placed itself into my head.  She paused. It did?  He nodded. This sort of thing happened to me at the hospital, too.  She searched his face for a long moment. Robinson Crusoe is a book. So is The Arabian Nights Entertainments. How veryodd. You appear to remember books. If you can remember some of the books youve read, I imagine youd be able to remember other things, too. Dont you think?  He paused. I suppose.  Dr. Carter mentioned you were confusin fiction for fact, which may mean that everythin you know about yourself isnt necessarily missin. It may be buried, is all. Buried? he drawled. Where?  She shrugged. I dont know. Isnt it odd you keep rememberin things that werent there before? I recommend you spend a bit more time diggin around in that head of yours. You might be able to remember somethin of worth.  He leaned forward. I have been digging, Georgia. Believe me, I have been digging for nine whole days, trying to make sense of it, but the shovel isnt large enough and the dirt is piled rather high. I have no understanding as to why my mind cant remember certain things.  He drifted closer toward the doorway, blocking the entrance of the small room she was in. Let us set aside this talk. It only agitates me. I do, however, want to know more about these men who call themselves the Forty Thieves. Are they dangerous? Do they quarter people and deliver them into a cave full of treasure after a bit of Open, sesame?  She gave him a withered look. Theres all sorts of black talk about who and what they are, and the boys merrily feed off it, but theyre not murderers, Brit. Theyre rebels of a low status lookin to lead a better life by providin one another the sort of things our government has failed to provide, given theyre nothin but Irish and Negro men. When Matthew and Raymond first came to Orange Street, they were set about creatin a group to shake a fist at the government and reorganize the chaos on the street. Though Raymond died before the group was fully established, Matthew and the boys have been shakin their fists in his honor ever since. Theyre all daft, if you ask me. Matthew thinks he can change the world, though he can barely feed himself.  Rebels of low status rising against corrupted power? He didnt know why, but they sounded like his sort of people. The sort who wanted to rise above what little they had been given. Men who seek to change the world for the better ought to be admired, Georgia, not mocked.  Oh, Im not mockin him or the others. Im only mockin the way they go about it. Matthew forever steals in order to maintain the expense it brings and its leechin his morals dry. Hes what I call a saint without a name or a halo.  Id like to meet this Matthew of yours. Im rather intrigued by his agenda.  Georgia captured his gaze. Intrigued? What in the name of Beelzebub do you think this is? A penny and a show? She made her way toward him, shaking her head. Youve no understandin of what its like to have your knuckles bleed in the name of poverty. Youve never had your face spit at and called black even though your skin is white. Men in this ward, Brit, be they Negro, Jew, Italian or Irish, join in on thievin, not because they want to, but because the world doesnt give them a chance to earn a sliver of their dignity. And just because you dont remember your pretty way of life over on Broadway, it doesnt mean youre suddenly one of us. Youd best remember that every time you get to talkin about bein intrigued.  Robinson leaned against the frame of the doorway and leveled her with a firm gaze. Maybe my life wasnt quite as pretty as you think. Maybe I dont remember a goddamn thing about my life, Georgia, because there is absolutely nothing of worth to remember.  She blinked rapidly. Dont say such things lest they come true.  He glared at her, tensing. Does it matter what I say when you appear to be so intent on insulting me and a life I cannot even remember?  She lowered her gaze, fingering the edge of her apron. Im sorry. I dont mean to be harsh, but Matthew and the boys are as Irish and Negro as they come, and I wanted to warn you of it before you go associatin with them. Theyll gladly take your money and the boots off your feet. Thats just how they are. And despite what you think, Im not one of them. She dropped her hand away from her apron and lifted her gaze to his. Im sorry I insulted you.  Touched by her candor, he nodded. I am genuinely touched, madam, that you care enough to apologize. Thank you.  She half smiled. There you go with that madam again. She wagged a playful finger. Youd best not be usin that around women.  Oh? he chided gently. And why is that?  Because every woman in the area will maul you for a chance to hear it. Theyre used to associatin with knights of the broom, hoe and shovel, not a gentleman with an impressive face and body to match.  His lips trembled as he fought off a grin. You find my face and body impressive?  Oh, now, dont let it go to your head. Tis a warnin to ensure you live into old age, is all. Men around here are monstrously territorial when it comes to their women. The wrong look at the wrong woman and youre dead. Try to remember that.  He lifted a brow and thumbed toward the wall. That would explain John Andrew Malloy over there. Were you and he ever?  She glanced off to the side and sighed. It didnt last. He wasnt lookin to go west and I wasnt lookin to be chained to a life full of babes here at the tenement. So I ended it before it got too serious and the poor sop hasnt recovered since.  Jealousy hit hard as he realized she had probably done far more than kiss the man, given the bastards need to ride whores. The acrid sensation of grudging envy eerily whispered of something he knew all too well. Did it ever go beyond a kiss?  She glared at him. I dont see how its any of your business.  Considering I dodged a fist for you, I would say it is. How did you become involved with him and all of these men, anyway? Who are they to you?  She untied the apron from around her waist and smacked it onto the bed. Raymond was one of the original founders, when they were still meetin over on Centre Street. By marryin Raymond, I married into their way of life, and when he died, I was left with Matthew and Coleman and a group of men who still think Im some queen bee in need of coddlin. Bastards. I cant wait to be rid of them.  Robinson slowly crossed his arms over his chest and glanced down at the wood floor beneath his booted feet, feeling himself momentarily drift. That name. Coleman. Where did he know it from? Who is Coleman?  Hes a dark, dark soul, that one. After Raymond died, both he and Matthew split all rights to the group and its been like that since. Mr. Coleman, your own papers are enough to condemn you. He glanced up, both brows popping up. How utterly bizarre. Edward Coleman is the name of an English Catholic courtier who had been hanged, drawn and quartered for treason in 1678. Though, obviously, given the year, it cannot be the same Coleman.  Her eyes jumped up to study his face. You remember the oddest of things. If only you could remember somethin we could actually use. You know, like your full name and address? Even the name of your dog would be more helpful than you tossin out the name of some Catholic whos been dead since 1678.  He couldnt help wondering if the only reason she wanted him to remember was so she could collect her money and be rid of him. I only hope you arent disillusioning yourself into thinking that my six dollars is going to buy you anything but disappointment.  She squinted at him. Dont you be talkin down at me when all but earlier you were wantin my land and my apple trees.  He set his chin, annoyance digging into him. Twas a momentary lapse in judgment I dont intend to replicate.  Pff. Youre only irked because you know Im right. Now get into bed, already. Turning toward a cracked mirror on the wall behind her, she slid out pins from her hair. In a single sweep, that heavy mass of pretty, thick hair cascaded past her slim shoulders, swaying against her waist and backside.  He edged back, resisting his own stupid urge to frantically peel away everything and get into bed with her. I probably shouldnt sleep with you, Georgia.  She lowered her chin. Theres no need to overthink this, Robinson. Beds are used for sleep, too, you know.  He shook his head. No. If I get into bed with you, sleep will be the last thing on my mind. That I know. Isnt there another place for me to sleep?  She sighed. If you want to break your back and share the floor with the roaches, by all means. I dont care. I was tryin to be hospitable, is all.  Roaches. Oh, that was not good. He knew what those were from his stay at the hospital and could already hear the sound of their wiry feet darting toward him. Ill sleep in a chair.  She smirked. Well see how long that lasts, Mr. Silver Buttons. Theres a basin full of fresh water on the sideboard there in the front room if you need to wash up. Ive got extra chalk and a brush for your teeth, too. As for the privy, its in the back of the buildin. Now, good night, Brit.  Good night, he called as he settled into his chair for a long night. He shifted against the rickety chair, paused and shifted again, unable to get comfortable. This was clearly going to be the beginning of hell.        Tis the common wonder of all men, 						how among so many millions of faces, there should be none alike. Thomas Browne, Religio Medici 						(1642) ODD.  Georgias eyes fluttered open, 						thinking shed heard her name in the distance. She scrambled up in bed, 						dragging the rough linen with her, and blinked, only to find everything was 						at a lull. Bright summer light peered in through the open doorway from the 						narrow windows of the front room beyond. Was it morning already?  The entrance door outside the 						low closet suddenly jumped against its hinges, making her jump along with 						it. Georgia Emily! Matthew bellowed from the other side. Open the 						door. Now!  Robinsons large frame stumbled 						out of the chair hed been sleeping in, his chest heaving from the 						unexpected assault on the silence. Glancing toward her through the open door 						of the low closet, he paused. You.  Yes, me, she assured him, 						pushing aside the linen. You do remember me, I hope.  All too well. Reaching down 						toward the chair, he grabbed up his coat and jerked it up and onto his arms 						and broad shoulders, covering his shirt and buttonless waistcoat. He glanced 						toward her, clearing his throat and smoothing his scattered black hair away 						from his face.  A thundering crack echoed within 						the room as the door jumped against the bolts again. Georgia! Matthew 						boomed from the other side. Open the door!  Robinson thumbed toward the 						door. I hope to God you arent letting him in. He doesnt sound 						friendly.  She stifled a laugh and pulled 						her homespun nightdress down over her exposed legs, scooting out of bed. 						Hes not all that bad. She hurried out of the small room.  The door jumped again against 						all three bolts. Georgia! I heard you the first time! she belted out, squeezing past Robinson.  Robinson leaned back and snapped 						up both hands so as not to touch her. You should get dressed, he gruffly 						offered, glancing away. I can see your chemise and corset through that 						flimsy nightdress of yours.  Tis only Matthew. Raymonds 						boy. I could walk around naked and that man still wouldnt look. Not that I 						would walk around naked. Im just sayin.  Robinson pressed himself farther 						against the wall and looked up at the ceiling. Can you pass?  She purposefully leaned in 						closer knowing their close proximity was flustering him. It was all too 						charming. This may be your only chance of seein all the goods, Brit. Revel 						in it. She caught the tip of her tongue with her teeth and playfully poked 						him in the chest. Stay where you are and dont mouth off, lest we have a repeat 						of yesterday. Scurrying over to the door in bare feet, she unbolted the 						latches and cracked it open.  A booted foot shot out, giving 						her a jolt.  Georgia jumped back as the door 						flew open and slammed against the wall, shaking her pots in the cupboard. 						Was that necessary given that I was already openin the door?  Matthew loomed in the doorway, 						meeting her gaze with a single penetrating coal-black eye. The faded brown 						leather patch that covered his blind eye had been crookedly affixed against 						his sun-tinted chestnut hair as if hed barely remembered to put it on. His 						frayed linen shirt was still unlaced and he hadnt even bothered to tuck it 						into his wool trousers.  Georgia held out a hand. Youre 						overreacting. You know John is still sore about me not takin him back, so I 						wouldnt believe a word of anythin he says.  Matthew lowered his stubbled 						chin. If this British fop of yours didnt stay the night, then he has nothing 						to worry about, does he? He shoved past her and strode into the room. 						Glancing toward Robinson, he slowly shook his head. But he did stay the night. So 						hes dead.  Reaching beneath his shirt, 						Matthew withdrew a pistol from the leather holster sitting on his hips and 						coolly leveled the pistol at Robinsons head. He cocked it. Step outside, 						Brit. I dont want to get blood all over the walls. Matthew! She jumped between him and Robinson, her pulse 						roaring, and pressed her body protectively against Robinsons frame, 						widening her stance. Do you remember the man who was hospitalized for 						tryin to reclaim my reticule? The one I told you about? Well, this be him. 						Im boardin him. He promised me six dollars if Id take him in for the 						month and you know I need the money if Im ever to move 					west.  Matthew didnt bother to lower 						his pistol. Instead, he offered her a blunt, wry stare and angled the muzzle 						menacingly down at her. Six dollars for rent? When he can easily board 						himself down the street for three cents a day? Are you bloody yanking my 						cacks, Georgia? Hell, for six dollars, Id feck him and take him 					in.  She narrowed her gaze, not in 						the least amused. Whether Im feckin him or not is neither your business 						nor Johns. She reached out and pushed the pistol away from her face in 						disgust. Look at you. Pointin a pistol at me like some Quaker on opium out 						to shoot himself a few Irish. Your father would spit upon your behavior if 						he saw this. I may be younger than you, Matthew, but Im still legally your 						mother and Im not afraid to take a crop to your head. So leave off. You 						hear? Leave off and never touch this man or point anythin at him again, or 						by Joseph, Ill feck him in front of you and John and all of Five Points just to 						shut everyone up!  Silence pulsed within the 						room.  Robinsons large hand pressed 						against the small of her back and curved possessively around the waist of 						her nightdress, making her heart pound. He dragged her back against the 						muscled heat of his body, as if hed been riled by raw pride.  She drew in a shaky breath and 						let it out, trying not to focus on the fact that her entire backside was now 						draped against Robinsons entire front side. She reached back and gently 						pinched his muscled thigh through the smooth fabric of his trousers for 						being bold enough to actually grope her in front of Matthews still-pointed 						pistol.  Matthew sighed and lowered the 						gun. Whats his name?  Robinson Crusoe, she 						obliged.  Matthew arched a brow. His name 						is Robinson Crusoe? He snorted dismissively. Lest you forget, 						Mum, I grew 						up with personal tutors and read the damn book in its entirety at an age 						when you were barely crawling. Whats his real name?  She sighed. He doesnt know his 						name, Matthew, and hasnt been able to remember much of anythin since he 						awoke in the hospital. Dr. Carter is tryin to locate his family, and Im 						givin him a place to stay and watchin over him.  Matthew squinted at her with his 						visible eye, the patch shifting against his cheekbone. The devil, you say. 						He cant remember his own born name?  No, he cant, she insisted. 						Dr. Carter calls it memory loss.  Memory loss? What the hell is 						that?  I dont know! He just cant 						remember things.  Matthew squinted at her again. 						Can he at least talk? Or did he conveniently forget that, 					too?  I can talk, Mr. Milton, 						Robinson interjected in a chiding tone. And despite your doubts pertaining 						to my condition, I assure you, tis extremely inconvenient being in my own 						head. I suggest you put the pistol away.  Matthew popped up the pistol and 						pointed it at Robinsons head on an angle. I dont do soft merely because a 						man asks me to. Georgia might not have a reputation to uphold, but 						I 						do.  Georgia jumped forward at the 						insult, snapping up a rigid fist. Youre about to get cropped!  Robinson swept out a quick hand, 						forcing her back and away from Matthew with the length of his muscled arm. 						Mr. Milton. Georgia mentioned that you may be in need of funds. I would be 						more than willing to provide a monetary contribution to bring an end to this 						hostility.  Georgia lowered her fist and 						glanced up at Robinson, who intently stared Matthew down, clearly not 						intimidated by the pistol pointed at his head. Bravo. It would appear Robinson was far savvier than shed thought. Matthew, 						after all, was a walking almshouse willing to set aside everything in the name 						of money.  Matthew lowered his pistol. 						Consider me a friend the moment your generosity touches this hand, 						Mr. Crusoe. Uncocking the pistol with a swift movement, he tucked it back into the 						leather holster on his hip, burying it beneath his untucked shirt. Matthew 						swiped his palm against the thigh of his trousers, reached out and shook 						Robinsons hand. Ive never willingly shook a Brits paw before, but Im a 						man of business first and foremost and providing for my boys is my 					business.  Matthew adjusted his faded 						leather patch the way he always did when excited about something and 						casually inquired, Exactly how much money are we talking here? I need 						clothes, boots, food, maps, parchments, ink, wax, quills and books. And 						thats just the short list. Whilst Coleman teaches our men how to better 						fight, I teach them how to read and write so they can fully understand their 						rights as is scribed in the United States Constitution. Because my motto is 						what my fathers wasmuscle is of little worth if there is no thought behind 						it. That is how and why Ali Baba dismantled all forty thieves and that is 						why we call ourselves such.  Robinson let out a whistle. 						That is 						not at all what I expected from a group of gallivanting thieves.  Matthew inclined his head. We 						only steal when we have to. Which, sadly, is most of the time, given the 						expense of maintaining and educating forty men. Gesturing toward the wall, 						Matthew shook his head. John over there is still at the level of reading that 						would shame a bogtrotter and cant write legibly for shite. I told him just 						this morn, when he pranced over huffing about you and Georgia, that until 						hes at a respectable level of education, no woman will respect him. Especially 						Georgia here, who was mentored by my own father. I was barely twenty when I 						first met her. She was naught more than a scrap he took in after finding her 						asleep in his coal bin, looking like the dirty angel she still is. At the 						time, she didnt even know what the hell a quill was for. Now look at her. 						She outreads me, outwrites me, outwits me and even finds the men around 						these parts to be so damn stupid, shes heading out west.  Robinson paused and glanced over 						at her, capturing her gaze. His gray eyes simmered with genuine admiration. 						I find her to be utterly remarkable, he admitted huskily.  Her pulse skipped.  Averting his gaze to Matthew, 						Robinson casually remarked, Thievery and pistols aside, Mr. Milton, I 						admire that you seek to educate these men. Without an education, they cant 						think for themselves, let alone rise above circumstance.  Matthew reached out and thumped 						him on the back. I can see why John was all nettles about you. Youre a 						good-looking book and it made him feel like the stale hoecake that he 						is.  Robinson smirked. You flatter 						me. That boy would make any man look good.  Right you are in that, Brit. 						Right you are in that. Pausing, Matthew held up a bargaining hand between 						them. So how about we come to a mutual agreement? For however long youre 						in these parts, Ill see to it you fall under my protection. What does that mean? It 						means that by the end of this day, every man in this ward, right down to the 						sweeper, will know that if they touch you, they touch me. And I dont like 						men touching me. So I most certainly wont like men touching you. Sounds 						dirty? Believe me, it is.  Pointing at Robinsons face and 						then sweeping a forefinger over to where Georgia lingered, Matthew tossed 						out, Now, whatever the hell this is that is going on between the two of you, I dont 						want to know. But despite my letting the two of you play, dont think that 						you can dirk this girls heart, Mr. Crusoe. Because if you do, Ill not only 						gouge out both of your eyes with my own thumbs, but Ill hand you over to 						the boys for a very long night that will only end when the last drop of 						your blood streams its way into the gutter. Do you understand?  Robinson held up both hands. 						Blind. Blood. Dead. I understand. There wont be any dirking of her heart. 						I wasnt planning on it.  Matthew smirked. Hes a smart 						one, this one.  Georgia crossed her arms. 						Certainly smarter than you.  Matthew grudgingly angled back 						toward Robinson. Seeing Georgia is getting a full six for putting a roof 						over your head, Im asking for an even six myself that will assure you live. 						Anything less than six would be insulting considering what Im 						offering.  Robinson reached into the inner 						pocket of his coat. After I give Georgia her due six, Ill give you half of 						everything I have left. Will that do?  Georgia gasped and grabbed hold 						of Robinsons coat from behind, frantically jerking on it. Dont you be up 						and givin him half! You havent even counted it!  Robinson glanced back at her 						from over his broad shoulder and said in an unusually cool tone, Its only 						money, Georgia. Now let go of my coat.  She released him and huffed out 						a breath. Robinson  Enough. He glared at her and 						pulled out the leather satchel. Im not as mindless as I 					appear.  Saint Peter save them all. She 						anxiously rounded him and grabbed hold of Matthews forearm, shaking it. 						Matthew. You shouldnt take half. Tis all he has and Ive no idea when his 						family will come.  Matthew held up a hand. Hes 						the one offering.  Yes, I know, but hes not in 						his right mind. She shook her head and glared at Robinson. Dont give him 						a penny over six. Hes a thief who deserves to be hanged, not 						coddled.  Robinson ignored her, loosening 						the string on the leather satchel. He turned toward the table and dumped its 						contents. A brass fob clattered onto the whitened wood, along with a leather 						pocketbook. He shook the satchel again, forcing out a folded wad of large 						paper notes that fluttered out, landing primly atop the 					pocketbook.  Seeing all that money on her 						table was like seeing a mythical creature in the flesh.  Matthew let out a low whistle 						and veered toward the table.  Robinson spread out all the 						money with a single sweep of his large hand, pushing aside the fob and the 						empty pocketbook toward the satchel hed tossed onto the table.  Leaning against the table, 						Matthew angled himself toward the pile. Is this all you have?  Georgia reached out and punched 						his arm. What? This isnt enough?  Robinson lifted the fob and 						dangled it, letting it sway from side to side on its chain. Tis all I 						have. Not that I can even remember how any of this came to be in my pocket. 						Using his other hand, he draped it over his palm, letting the chain unravel 						over his hand and sway. He fingered the glass front of the watch.  Matthew leaned in with an ear to 						it. Do you have a key to wind it?  No. Robinsons brows came 						together as he separated the glass and the watch itself from the gold 						casing. He brought it closer. Tis numbered 365 and readsThomas Hawkins, London. 						He glanced up. London. That must be where Im from.  Matthew jabbed him. You think? 						Leaning in to better scrutinize the watch, Matthew paused and then reached 						out, digging the tip of his nail into the metal. He glanced up at Robinson, 						eyes widening. Shite. This here isnt painted brass. Tis gold. Who the 						blazes are you? A wealthy merchant of some sort?  Robinson lowered his gaze to the 						watch. If I knew who I was, Mr. Milton, I wouldnt be here handing out 						dollar bills.  Matthew patted him on the 						shoulder. Ah, no worries. I rather like you being here handing out bills. 						Well have to get to know each other more, is all. Im always looking for 						friends in the upper circles.  Georgias eyes widened. Dont 						you be talkin to him like that. Hes not some politician whose mores you 						can easily buy with a word and a vote. Get out. Take your damn money and 						leave, Matthew. Go. Now.  Im only trying to help, 						Georgia, Matthew chided as he leaned toward Robinson and gestured to the 						watch. Men usually etch their names on the back of a watch to keep them 						from being pawned. Perhaps yours is on the back. Have you 					looked?  Georgia scrambled toward them. 						I dont know why I didnt think of that. Is there anythin etched on 						it?  Robinson turned the fob over in 						his hand, facing its smooth gold back upward. No. He paused, staring down 						at it. I feel like Im holding the key to a door that refuses to open. 						Tossing the fob down with a clatter, Robinson glanced back at her, his 						features tightening. Did you know how much money I had in the satchel 						before you gave it to me? Is that why you were panicking about my giving 						Matthew half?  She nervously eyed him. Dr. 						Carter told me the amount, but I swear to you I never opened it or touched 						it. I gave it to you the moment you entered the office.  Robinsons brows flickered. So 						why did you only ask for six dollars? Knowing I had more to 					give?  It was as if the man was 						astounded to find that she wasnt a thief. To ask for more than what I need 						is greed. Somethin Matthew prides himself on, not I.  Robinson paused and glanced 						toward the pile again. Mr. Milton. I cannot give you half.  Matthew shrugged. All I need is 						six.  Good. Robinson fished out 						several of the notes from the pile, counting them out, one by one, and then 						folded them together. Turning toward her, he held out the grouped banknotes 						between bare fingers. Four and forty dollars to oversee your journey and 						your land. Take it.  Stunned, Georgia gawked up at 						him. She hadnt known such extraordinary generosity and kindness from a man 						since Raymond gathered her up out of his coal bin and showed her a world of 						words, patience and respect she never thought possible.  She swallowed and shook her 						head. I only need six.  Robinsons eyes softened. You 						will need the extra money.  She shook her head again. I 						cant take it, Robinson. Its too much.  Matthew snatched the notes from 						Robinsons hand, stalked over and shoved the money into her hand. Grabbing 						her hard by the shoulders, he propelled her toward Robinson. Thank the man, 						instead of playing all high and mighty. Youll need it given your lofty 						plans of wanting to play farmer.  Crumbling the bills in her 						trembling hand, Georgia awkwardly glanced up at Robinson, who still lingered 						before her expectantly. Bless the man for being her ticket west.  She smiled. Im only takin 						this, Robinson, because I most likely will need it. Thank you. It means so 						much to me knowin that you care.  He inclined his head. I care 						more than you think. Turning away, he counted out the rest of the money and 						divided it again. Gathering up half, he folded them and held it out toward 						Matthew. Four and forty, down to the dollar. I have decided to split 						everything three ways. I think it only fair.  Matthew hesitated. Are you 						certain you want to hand over that much?  Robinson waved it at him. Take 						it.  Matthew plucked up the money and 						stuffed it into his own trouser pocket. Thank you. I, uh He cleared his 						throat, appearing unusually awkward. Youll not regret investing so 						generously in me or the ward.  Robinson crossed his arms over 						his chest. I hope not.  Matthews brows came together. 						He hesitated, patting his pocket. He glanced over at Georgia and then back 						over at Robinson. These notes are yours, arent they?  They were in my pocket. 						Robinson swung toward the banknotes on the table and riffled through all the 						notes, laying them out. They appear to be fairly crisp and were all issued 						by the same bank. So the likelihood is that, yes, they are indeed 						mine.  Matthew hit his shoulder. You 						may not know this, but banks keep records of everything that goes in and out 						of their vaults. If I take these here notes over to the bank that issued 						them, they might be able to trace their origin, which could give us a name. 						Maybe even your name.  Robinson glanced toward him. 						You would do that for me?  Of course. Consider it an extra 						thank-you for your unexpected generosity toward me and Georgia. Matthew 						swiveled back toward her and smacked his hands together. Four and forty in 						my pocket and I didnt have to use a pistol or a fist. I like 					him.  She rolled her eyes. Could you 						drop off some clothes for him later today? Hes only got what hes 						wearin.  Will do, luv. Will do. Matthew 						strode toward the door, stepped out and enthusiastically slammed the door 						behind himself, his footfalls disappearing with a pounding dash down the 						stairs.  Georgia met Robinsons gaze and 						slowly shook her head from side to side. Givin Matthew such a profane 						amount of money is only encouragin him to be an even bigger leech than he 						already is. You do realize that, dont you?  Robinson turned away and 						gathered his money, neatly tucking everything back into the leather 						pocketbook. Better to pay a leech in coin than in blood. Still keeping his 						broad back to her, he dragged over the fob and set it onto the leather 						pocketbook and asked in a grudging tone, Why do you hate me?  Georgia blinked in astonishment. 						Tightening her hold on the banknotes in her palm, she wandered over to where 						he stood, lingering behind him. I dont hate you. She leaned toward him 						and touched his arm with her other hand. Why would you say such a 						thing?  His muscles hardened beneath her 						fingers as he fully turned toward her, his body grazing her. He purposefully 						pressed himself closer, as if to physically intimidate her, and lowered his 						gaze to hers. Because your tone isnt always as warm as I wish it to be. Do 						you even like me?  He was so endearingly forward 						and real. It made her soul want to melt like butter in a pan. She softened 						her tone. I do like you, Robinson.  He eyed her. You 					do?  Of course I do.  He held her gaze. Do you like 						me enough to kiss me again?  She bit back a smile. I like 						you well enough to kiss you on the cheek. Will that do?  No. I want you to kiss me on 						the mouth.  Ill kiss you on the cheek and 						then we can decide if theres room for more. Take it or leave 					it.  He hesitated, then leaned down 						toward her, offering his good cheek. Fine.  Lifting herself on her bare 						toes, she grabbed hold of his linen shirt to balance herself and touched her 						lips to the warmth of his cheek, the stubbled, unshaven hairs rasping 						against her own skin. She kissed that cheek softly, only to kiss it again 						and again, finding herself slowly giving in to wanting so much more of him 						and that tender warmth. Sliding her hands up to his solid shoulders, she 						kissed his cheek again.  His hand quickly encircled her 						waist, his broad chest rising and falling more notably against her own as he 						dragged the heat of his moist lips across her entire cheek, guiding them 						down toward her lips.  Georgia half closed her eyes and 						leaned heavily against him, unable to breathe against the feel of his 						tensing muscles. She fought the urge to seize that mouth that lingered so 						close to her own. She also fought from raking her own fingers down toward 						the flap of his trousers, dragging up her skirts and riding him there 						against the table just to know what it would feel like. She doubted hed 						resist, but as lost as he was in that head of his, the last thing she wanted 						to do was take advantage of him.  Do it, he murmured against her 						skin. His tongue darted out and erotically traced her lips with its wet 						warmth.  Her stomach flipped, realizing 						he was in tune with her thoughts. She released his shirt and scrambled away 						and out of his hold. We shouldnt.  He leaned heavily against the 						table, causing it to creak and sway beneath his weight, and gripped the 						edges, turning his knuckles white. The thick line of his erection was 						visible against the flap of his trousers. Why not? Am I not attractive 						enough?  Only a man who had knocked out 						every last thought from his head would require an explanation as to 						why they 						shouldnt bend to lust. She quickly held up the folded banknotes. I ought 						to put this away.  He leveled her with a heated 						stare. You didnt answer my question. Do you not find me 						attractive?  Were gettin too involved, 						Robinson. All right? It isnt that I dont find you attractiveI do, believe 						meits just that we dont even know who you are and Im rather worried this 						wont end well for either of us. She turned away and hurried into the front 						room.  Though she could have easily 						stripped him and let what boiled between them explode, she knew nothing good 						would come of it. Men of wealth didnt marry penniless girls from the Five 						Points. They only ever fecked them. That much she knew, even if he didnt. And though 						she had no qualms of submitting to this bubbling desire coiling within her, 						for she was no prim virgin, she sensed far more than her body was going to 						get fecked. Her dream of owning land and being a self-made woman would be 						ruined. What if she ended up pregnant?  Hurrying over to the patched 						wool curtains, she pulled each across the set of three windows facing the 						street, dulling the bright morning light spilling into the room.  Robinson strode into the front 						room and crossed his arms over his chest, leaning against the farthest wall. 						What are you doing?  Ensurin no one sees where I 						keep my money. She wandered over to the wall she had tacked from ceiling to 						floor with posters and handbills Raymond had gathered throughout the years 						from political rallies. She never cared for male politics but the posters 						and handbills had proven useful, for they hid all the holes in the 						walls.  She paused before a slogan 						poster that read True Democrats Meet 						Here. She glanced back at Robinson and 						intoned, Open, sesame.  Turning back, she untacked the 						bottom of the poster from the wall. She leaned in. Reaching into the jagged 						four-inch hole in the plaster of the wall, between protruding thin wood 						lattices, she patted her way down and to the right until her fingers grazed 						her box.  Grasping it, she carefully 						angled it so as not to let the contents spill and pulled the carved wooden 						box up and out of the wall. She brushed off the dust from the posy-engraved 						box. Lifting the lid, she tucked in the last of what she would need atop 						those pennies, dimes, nickels, quarters and folded banknotes.  She pressed the lid back onto 						it, smoothing her hand over it with genuine pride, knowing she had at long 						last achieved what she never thought possible. She had a full ninety-eight 						dollars and ninety-six cents thanks to Robinson, when shed needed only 						sixty to head west and claim her half acre.  She smiled, fingering the box to 						ensure it was real. My father gave this box to me. Twas like he knew Id 						be fillin it with a dream hed never be able to be a part of.  A large hand touched her lower 						back, making her jump. She glanced back at Robinson from over her shoulder, 						realizing hed been standing behind her all along.  He pushed away her long, unbound 						hair over her shoulder, causing her skin to frill from the graze of his 						fingertips. His eyes trailed down toward the box in her hands. What 						happened to your father? he inquired in a soft voice that made her want to 						turn and rest her head against his shoulder.  Shifting toward him, she lowered 						her eyes to the box, pressing its smoothed edge against her stomach. Her 						throat tightened. She rarely spoke about her father anymore. Ill never 						know.  Robinson slid his arm around her 						and pulled her closer against his muscled warmth. Forgive me. You neednt 						feel obliged to tell me anything about him.  No. I want to. I feel like Im 						honorin him when I do. She leaned against him. Da worked over at the 						docks paintin ships and haulin crates since I was old enough to remember. 						He never missed a day of work. Not even when he was sick. A days wage meant 						more to him than his health, no matter how much I nagged him about it. On 						that fifth of June, he pinched my cheek the way he did every morn before 						leavin to work, and insisted that after I sold all of my matches, that I 						stay away from the boys and make turnip soup for the both of us. So I went 						about my day and, by the end of it, made soup, filled his bowl for supper 						and set a spoon beside it at exactly a quarter to five the way I always 						did.  Fingering the box still in her 						hands, she swallowed. I sat there waitin two hours. It was so unlike him. 						He was always punctual in everythin he did. She swallowed again. So I 						went over to the docks lookin for him. All the men were still there, 						includin the foreman. They claimed hed never even showed up for work that 						mornin. Twas the first in thirteen years. I panicked and took it straight 						to the watch, knowin somethin wasnt right. They were useless and only 						called me in to identify bodies that never belonged to him. Bein a mere 						fifteen with barely eighty-two cents in a jar, I took to sellin as many 						bundled matches as I could, prayin on my rosary hed come back. Tears 						rimmed her eyes, remembering those nights spent cradling her fathers 						clothes unable to breathe or think.  Robinson rubbed her back 						soothingly, his large hand gently gliding up and down. So 						whathappened?  She let out a shaky breath, 						nestling her cheek against his chest. He never did come back and his body 						was never found. Thats when the landlord started pesterin me for the rent. 						I asked him for a means to find work, seein I didnt have the money. She 						shook her head in disgust. He only unbuttoned his trousers and asked if I 						was a virgin. I bloody took off without even gatherin my clothes, knowin 						how it would end.  She drew in another breath, 						remembering that soundless night shed spent in a coal bin tucked out of 						sight, expecting someone to crawl out of the darkness and rape and kill her. 						Da, damn him, always taught me to believe in the best. Even when there was 						no best. I tried to honor him through all of it by keepin my chin up. I 						really did. I was fortunate Raymond took me in. Very fortunate.  Tears blinded her. She choked 						back a sob and buried her face against Robinsons chest, hot tears trailing 						down her cheeks. SometimesI still imagine that Da had actually gone out 						west himself to start life anew and maybe Ill find him when I get out 						there. Tis better than imaginin him sliced up in some ditch outside the 						city without the dignity of bein buried by his own daughter.  Oh, Georgia, Robinson 						whispered brokenly.  She sniffed, freed a hand from 						the box and poked his chest. And thats why weve got to get you back to 						your family. Whether you remember them or not, theyre sufferin all the 						same. And you dont want that for them. They deserve to have you back. I 						know Id want you back if you were mine.  Robinsons hands trailed up her 						back, curving around her shoulders, and found their way up and into her 						unbound hair. Cradling her moist cheeks with his palms, his thumbs brushed 						away the tears still rimming her eyes. He tilted her face upward toward 						him.  Through blurred vision, she saw 						her own pain reflected in that rugged face, as if he himself had endured 						everything she had just shared. It made her cry even more, for it was the 						first time in years since anyone, aside from her dear Raymond, had so 						genuinely acknowledged her pain. Though she always tried to be as hard as 						steel to the world, sometimes a girl couldnt give that tough upper lip and 						pretend it didnt hurt. Especially when it did hurt.  Robinson kissed her forehead 						several times, easing her back into a sense of calm. I vow to you, 						Georgia, he murmured, you will never find yourself in a coal bin or at the 						hands of vile men seeking to rip away your honor. Not whilst I 						breathe.  She closed her eyes, pushing out 						the last of the tears, and swallowed his words whole. The last wretched 						pinch of the past faded as he continued to graze kisses against her 						forehead.  She tightened her hold on the 						box nestled between them and slid her arm around his waist, not wanting to 						let go.  After delivering one last 						lingering kiss to her forehead, Robinson released her and stepped back, 						allowing her arm to slip from his waist.  Georgia lingered with her eyes 						still closed and made a haunting wish upon her soul. It was a dark and 						incredibly selfish wish that sought to take back everything that was ever 						taken from her. She wished that this remarkable man was as alone in the 						world as she was and that he would never remember who he was or what had 						once been. That way, she could be his equal, without him or his circle 						judging her, and they could move west and take on that half acre of land 						together. Oh, wouldnt that be something.        If you have great talents, 						industry will improve them. If you have but moderate 						abilities, industry will supply their 						deficiency. Joshua Reynolds, Discourse to 						Students of the Royal Academy (11 December 1769) ROBINSON AT LONG LAST understood how this red-haired 						rose had grown its thorn. That thorn had sprouted out of misfortune and 						self-sustained pride, trying to pierce anything that dared touch its 						delicate petals. Though he didnt want to release the softness of that pale, 						tear-streaked face, he knew it was best to step away, lest he kiss more than 						her lips.  Gently releasing her face, he 						stepped outside of her embrace, even though he still desperately wanted to 						cradle away the pain she had endured at the hands of despicable fate. With 						each passing breath, he was beginning to realize that he had nothing to 						offer this woman aside from mere words and physical touch. This incredible 						woman deserved a man in full possession of his wits, who knew where he stood 						in the world.  She lingered before him, her 						long, unbound hair splayed in waves across her slim shoulders. The scoop of 						her nightdress revealed the pale curve of her neck and hinted at the dip of 						those small breasts that were hidden beneath that plain nightdress. Her eyes 						were still dreamily closed, hands still clutching her box.  He took another step back, 						digging his palms into his hips in an effort to keep himself from stepping 						back toward her. With but a few tears, the woman had made him realize just 						how utterly helpless he was in his damn condition.  When she at long last awoke from 						her reverie, her green eyes met his. Though they were still tear-glossed, 						there was an unexpected new vivid heat and softness radiating from 						them.  He swallowed and didnt know 						what he was supposed to say or do in response to what he was seeing in those 						eyes. All he knew was that something intimate had been unleashed between 						them and nothing would ever be the same.  She quickly turned back to the 						wall and lifted the poster, pushing the box back down into the hole from 						whence it came. Carefully, she tacked the poster back into place, then 						turned back to him and set her chin, resuming that 						seizing-the-world-by-the-throat facade. Well, enough with the tears and the 						gossip. Ive got hours of laundry and Ive yet to knot my hair and 						dress.  He paused. Do you require 						assistance? He held up both hands. These are yours to do with as you 						please. He lifted a brow. Within reason, or we might not get anything 						done.  She smirked and angled a hip 						toward him. Whilst I appreciate the offer, I highly doubt youd be able to 						stomach my 						work.  He lowered his hands and 						tauntingly stared. Give me the chance to prove you wrong.  She paused. Youre really 						lookin to help?  I wouldnt have offered 						otherwise, Georgia.  All right. Can you bring up 						water from the pump just down the street? The washbasin is already full. 						Ill just need ten buckets for the rinsin basin.  Done.  She grinned and pointed at him. 						Youre glorious.  He set a hand on his chest and 						offered a half bow. I try. Ill set to work. Where can I find the 						pump?  She pointed toward the 						curtain-drawn windows, swinging her hand right. When you leave the 						tenement, turn right. The pump will be three blocks down, set within an 						enclosed alley on your right. Whatever you do, dont leave Orange Street. 						Matthews jurisdiction changes from street to street, so youre better off 						not wanderin.  Yes, madam. Might I ask where 						the pail is?  She gestured toward a dented tin 						pail tucked beside two massive basins that sat on unevenly nailed wooden 						stands. Eight wool sacks, which were all filled to tipping with male 						clothing, were piled against the wall.  He cringed at seeing those 						sacks. He didnt know much about laundry but that looked like a tremendous 						amount of work.  He strode toward the pail. Once 						I bring all the water, Ill assist you with everything else. Leaning over, 						he swiped it up by the bent handle.  Thank you. The day will be warm 						with the sun out the way it is. She pointed. You ought to remove your coat 						and waistcoat. And while youre at it, drape it over the washin basin. Ill 						launder both given the hospital never did.  I appreciate that. Thank you. 						Robinson set the pail down again and stripped his coat and buttonless 						waistcoat, draping both across the large basin. Rolling each long linen 						sleeve up to his elbow, he slowly turned back toward the pail.  Robinson paused and heatedly 						watched Georgia sashay out of the front room and into the kitchen. Her hands 						casually gathered up and bundled her long hair, knotting it into place. 						Narrow but shapely hips swayed and shifted beneath her frayed nightdress as 						she disappeared into the closet beyond and took to folding the rumpled linen 						on the straw bed. All the while she hummed a melodious ditty as if life were 						glorious now that he was fetching her ten pails of water.  His jaw and every single last 						muscle in his body tightened as he continued to watch her with a yearning 						that almost choked him. How he wanted to replace that flash of a strangers 						nakedness still lingering in his head with her. All hed need do was stride over 						to that closet, grab her, shove up that nightdress and pound his lust into 						her and make it real.  He swallowed and glanced away, 						lest he actually do it. It appeared he was done for. Because he not only 						wanted to pound his very body and soul into her, he wanted to see that woman 						every single goddamn morning for the rest of his life.  He blew out a breath and 						snatched up the empty pail. Angling into the kitchen, he reached out and 						opened the entrance door.  You should eat somethin along 						the way, Georgia called out from the closet, pulling out a gown from an 						open trunk. Ive no doubt youre hungry. Theres a jar with my food 						allowance in the cupboard beneath my bonnet and rosary. Two nickels ought to 						be more than enough. Have at it. Nobody will be able to give you change for 						full dollars here.  Robinson grinned at the thought 						of food and swiveled back toward the cupboard. I will most certainly have 						at it. Im famished. Passing the closet, he glimpsed her stripping her 						nightdress, those ivory limbs catching the corner of his eye.  His grin vanished as he averted 						his gaze with the snap of his chin toward his shoulder. Jogging over to the 						glass jar, he dug a hand into it and fished out two nickels with a scraping 						tink from 						the pile of coins covering the bottom. He dropped the coins into his right 						trouser pocket and stalked back over to the door, keeping his gaze affixed 						straight ahead and chanting to himself not to stray from his set plan to 						leave.  I suggest you buy a baked yam 						off Martha, she called out again. Its on the way to the pump and will 						melt your tongue off. Just tell her I sent you and shell only charge a 						penny.  Will do. Jumping out, he 						slammed the door behind him and momentarily leaned against it, bringing the 						pail against his knees. He was going to have to talk to Georgia about 						setting more boundaries. He couldnt have her stripping in front of him like 						that. Not unless she wanted him between her thighs. He hissed out a breath 						and pushed away from the door.  Rounding to the narrow staircase 						that was lit by a dirty lone window pouring in skewed sunlight from above, 						he pounded his way down the oak stairs. He strode along the ashen passageway 						and out the entrance door that had been left open, illuminating a brightly 						lit dirt street filled with carts, horses, men, women and children hustling 						by. The stench that had assaulted him last night slammed against his 						nostrils again, taunting him to gag. He tightened his hold on the pail and 						swallowed back nausea, chanting to himself that if Georgia could survive 						breathing in this air, so could he.  Charging out of the tenement and 						into the open, wide street, he veered right and into the boisterous crowds 						of shouting voices. He trailed past rows and rows of cracked, dirty windows 						and small, narrow doors leading into grocer and junk shops and other 						tenements. Most of the doors he passed appeared to have been smeared with 						greening black sludge that had been swiped off either peoples boots, their 						asses or a horses ass, orall of the above. He decided it was best to stay 						closer to the street itself as opposed to those doors and 					windows.  The heat of the sun pierced 						through the blue sky, pulsing against the side of his shoulder, as it 						penetrated the linen of his shirt and his skin beneath. Each booted step he 						took made him realize he was going to be mopping up his own sweat within 						minutes.  He wrinkled his nose and dodged 						an incredibly large pile of rotting cabbage and hay that had been mashed 						into horse dung. It was obvious where all the smells were coming 						from.  Robinson eventually paused on 						the corner of a looming intersection where two wide streets crossed. Carts 						and horses pushed through throngs of dust and sweat-covered people who were 						shouting out their wares and their business. He glanced over toward a 						lonely-looking cart set against one of the buildings beside him.  A short, dark-skinned woman with 						razzed, curly black hair that had all been tucked into a small straw bonnet 						leaned against a wooden cart whose crooked sign had been scrawled with the 						unevenly painted words Baked Yams.  Hed found his first 						destination: breakfast. Thank God.  Walking over to her cart, the 						sweet sugary scent of whatever she was selling momentarily pushed out the 						stench of the street and made him realize he was not only hungry but damn 						well starving. He leaned toward the woman, who had yet to notice him. 						Martha, I presume? Good morning. Georgia said I should visit if I wanted my 						tongue melted off. So here I am.  She grinned, her teeth 						shockingly white against her dark skin. Leaning toward him, she scanned the 						length of him from boot to face. Yous a good-looking white 					boy.  He eyed her, feeling his own 						face blooming with heat at the unexpected compliment. He cleared his throat. 						Uh, thank you.  Oooh, and shy, too! Not many of 						those round here. Martha chuckled and bustled around the cart toward him, 						wiping her hands on her apron. Waving toward the small pile of odd-shaped, 						melted-looking brown tubes, she said, Pick yourself a fat one.  He visually probed the pile and 						pointed to the largest one hidden against the tin platter set atop the cart. 						That one there looks friendly enough.  Grabbing up a fork, she stabbed 						the one he had pointed out and swept it upright, holding the yam out toward 						him. A penny. Seeing you know Georgia.  He grinned and took the fork 						from her. Setting down his pail, he dug into his pocket and pulled out a 						nickel. He held it out and carefully detached the warm yam from the 						prongs.  She plucked the coin from his 						fingers, stabbing the fork back into one of the yams in her cart, and pulled 						away the collar of her gown, revealing a hidden leather satchel tied around 						her neck. She dropped the nickel into it and then dug into another satchel 						hidden beneath her apron. Pulling out a handful of pennies, she handed him 						back four and winked. Be sure to come on back now.  He stuffed the pennies into his 						pocket and swiped up the pail. Leaning toward her, he smiled. If these yams 						are any good, madam, you will be seeing me on the hour.  She laughed, reached out and 						smacked his backside hard.  He jumped in astonishment and 						dodged past the cart before she took it into her head to do it again. When 						he had set enough of a distance between him and backside-smacking Martha, he 						slowed and hesitantly brought the odd-looking food into his mouth. He bit 						into its mushy softness, the sweet warmth coating his tongue like sugar and 						molasses. He groaned in amazement, almost falling over to the wall beside 						him. It was the best thing hed eaten since waking up in the hospital. When 						he was done getting all of Georgias water, he was definitely going back 						for more and didnt care how many times his backside got smacked for 						it.  A scrawny girl with dirty bare 						feet and unkempt blond hair, wearing a lopsided sooty gown, darted in front 						of him. She held up an unraveling wicker basket filled with bundled matches. 						A cent a piece, suh, she pleaded, craning her thin neck all the way back 						to stare up at him.  He shoved the remaining yam into 						his mouth and chewed it, slowly shaking his head from side to side as those 						big blue eyes begged in a way no words could. He held up a finger and 						lowered himself to a knee. Swallowing the last of the yam, he smiled. A 						cent a piece, you say?  She nodded, pressing her lips 						together.  So much for the rest of his 						breakfast. Digging into his pocket, he scooped out all he had and presented 						it with an open palm. If you can count how much I have in this here hand, 						the sale is yours.  She eyed him and quickly leaned 						toward his open palm, her thin brows coming together. With a tiny 						dirt-encrusted finger she pointed to each and every coin and mouthed the 						amount to herself. Upon finishing, she glanced up and announced, Nine 						cents.  He grinned, genuinely impressed. 						Very good. You appear to be a woman of business. Now hold out your 						hand.  She popped out a bare, cupped 						hand, staring at it with intent. Trying to keep a straight face, he placed 						each coin into it, one by one by one, to add to the drama of her 						sale.  There you are, he announced. 						Nine 						cents.  Shoving it into the pocket of 						her stained apron, she commenced industriously plucking up bundles of 						matches for the amount hed paid for.  I only need one, he 						provided.  She glanced up, dropping all the 						bundles back into her basket. You want your eight cents back, 					suh?  He shook his head, still 						smiling. No. I only need one bundle of matches, but you earned an extra 						eight cents 						for being so impressive with your counting.  She grinned, exposing two 						missing front teeth, and promptly held out his single bundle. You speak all 						gentlemanly like.  He leaned down toward her, 						slipping the bundle from her bare fingers. That is because I am a gentleman. It was a 						pleasure doing business with you, miss.  And you, suh. She bobbed a 						curtsy and dodged around him, disappearing.  He straightened, swiping up his 						pail, and tucked the bundle of matches into his now-empty pocket. It was 						money well spent. He strode down the remaining stretch of the street until 						he reached a pump that was tucked in a side alley to his right, and 						paused.  A long line of white, black and 						mulatto women in bonnets and aprons lingered patiently with their pails, 						waiting for an older black woman to finish filling the pail that was set 						below the spigot. Drawing closer, he realized that he was the only man with 						a pail.  The elderly black woman paused 						to swipe her brow with her heavily stained apron. She heaved out a breath 						and resumed pumping with trembling strokes. That quaking, thin arm and 						water-spattered wool gown bespoke of the several visits shed already 						made.  Refusing to watch the woman 						suffer, he quickly strode past the long line of women, set his pail down 						beside the pump with a clang and rounded the old woman. Allow me. 						Please.  She glanced up, releasing the 						wooden handle, and blinked up at him past loosened strands of white, frizzy 						curling hair falling out her lopsided bonnet. Her gaunt face was heavily 						scarred with indentations similar to that of a whip, making those large 						black eyes and the whites around them all the more haunting. Stale sweat and 						bitter mulled wine drifted off her skin. Twas obvious this poor weathered 						and scarred face had seen very little kindness in her life.  He smiled assuredly, sensing she 						didnt trust him, and reached out for the handle to demonstrate. I only 						wish to assist you, madam.  She edged back, step by step, 						eyeing the pump until she had left him with enough room for him to take her 						place.  Grabbing hold of the handle with 						his right hand, he pulled it up and pushed down hard, past the resistance, 						spraying cold water out and into the rusty pail. In three more solid pumps, 						it was full. He reached down, lifted the heavy pail and held it out for her. 						There you are.  She hurried toward him. Hefting 						the pail out of his hands and into her own, she paused and blurted, Your 						motha done raised yah right, suh. Bless yah and bless her. She nodded in 						agreement with herself, turned and waddled away, heading back toward the 						street.  Robinson grinned, watching the 						old woman waddle away. His mother, whoever she was, did indeed raise him 						right if he was able to still remember how to be a gentleman. It gave him a 						heaping measure of hope that perhaps Georgia was right. Perhaps someone, 						maybe even this mother of his, was out there missing him.  Swinging back to sweep up his 						pail, he paused, his fingertips outstretched in midair. The long line of 						lingering women holding their empty pails had moved notably closer to him, 						some whispering to others from behind bare hands. Others even leaned over 						and stood up on their booted toes to get a better look at him past all the 						other bonnets.  They behaved as if theyd never 						seen a man before. Good morning, ladies, he offered in an apologetic tone. 						Im not veering to the front of the line. I was just  No worries. Were much obliged, 						to be sure. You must be new round these parts. A young brunette with plump 						breasts bustled toward him, kicking up her dragging plaid skirts, and set 						her pail beneath the spigot of the pump. She stepped back and away, 						smoothing her hands against her dusty skirts, and smiled as if hed already 						offered to fill her bucket.  He hesitated. Not wanting to be 						rude given that she clearly thought he had offered, he turned back to the 						pump. Grabbing hold of the wooden handle, he asked, Might I be of service 						to you, madam?  She grinned, wringing her hands. 						Youd be the first.  Hopefully not the last. He 						glanced around the small alley filled with women. Where are all the men in 						this town, anyway? They should all be out here saving your 					hands.  A wave of giggles 						erupted.  He blinked. Did they not think 						he was being serious? Though if all the men around these parts were anything 						like John and Matthew, it wasnt any wonder these poor women were out 						pumping their own water.  After he filled the pail, the 						young brunette hurried forward to lift it, momentarily lingering before him. 						Meeting his gaze with wistful large brown eyes, she offered, I live just 						down the street at 31 with my mum. Shes hoping Ill marry soon. Ive been 						looking for a man, but findin one worth keepin is hard to come by in these 						parts. She paused and added, I make the best ash-pones in town. You ought 						to come by sometime.  Ah. He really had no idea what an ash-pone 						was, but clearly her invitation was supposed to be a thank-you, tossed in 						with a calling card, with a little bit of innuendo and possibly a marriage 						proposal. He inclined his head as politely as he knew how. I am already 						spoken for by a beautiful lady I hope to make mine, but I appreciate the 						offer all the same. Have a good day.  As she departed, a pretty 						mulatto woman with stunning blue eyes hurried forward from the front of the 						line, setting her pail with a loud clang beneath the spigot. She set her 						chin, placing both caramel-colored hands on curvaceous hips. And I thought 						there wasnt a damn gent left in this pig-infested ward. Amen for you, suh. 						Amen.  He laughed and grabbed hold of 						the handle again. It appeared Georgia was not going to be getting her water 						anytime soon. But then againthis could be a good thing. For maybe, just 						maybe, if he flexed his muscles long enough, Georgia would come hunting him 						down and he could take advantage of his popularity at the water pump by 						making her realize that he could be useful to a woman, after all, even if he were 						nameless.       You must sit down, says Love, and taste my meat. So I did sit and eat. George Herbert, The Temple, Love (III) (1633) THE SUN HAD ALREADY SHIFTED across the sky, casting a change of light in the small front room that made Georgia pause from scrubbing a bundled shirt. Dropping the shirt back into the soapy water, which had long turned gray, she shook off water from her puckered hands and wiped them against her apron, turning toward the empty kitchen and the quiet entrance door.  It was certainly taking Robinson an unusually long time to bring back one pail of water. More than an hour must have already passed. She hurried to the door, praying nothing had happened. Snatching her key off the table, she opened the door and latched it shut with a tug and a quick turn.  Tucking the key into her apron, she gathered her calico skirts and descended the stairs, jogging through the main entrance door and out into the street. She paused and glanced down toward the direction of the pump, squinting against the heat of the bright sun. Through the bustling haze of dust, crowds, carts, horses and hucksters, she couldnt see a thing.  Gathering her skirts, she dodged people until she finally made it to Marthas yam cart. She skidded to a halt and grabbed hold of Marthas arm, drawing the old woman toward herself. Martha. Did a tall, dark-haired gent with bruises and scrapes on his face buy anythin from you this past hour? I sent him your way.  Marthas round face brightened. That man sure as hell was tastier than anything I had to sell.  A breath escaped her. Where did he go?  Martha swept her roughened black hand down the street. That way. Had a pail with him, too.  Georgia squeezed her arm. Thank you, Martha.  She darted past the cart, gathering her skirts, and went back to dodging people on the pavement, praying that Robinson was still at the pump and that the line was merely longer than usual due to the blistery heat. Sweat pierced her face against the pulsing sun as she pushed her legs faster. Coming to the small alley, she jerked to a halt and scanned a long line of almost three dozen women.  She paused.  A man labored at the pump. Strands of his black hair fell in and out of his eyes with each downward thrust of a bulking muscled arm that stretched against the clinging wet linen of a snowy white shirt randomly stained with coffee.  It was Robinson. Apparently, he had just gotten to the pump. Thank goodness.  Robinson paused and then gestured rather grandly toward the pail, offering it to some woman in a straw bonnet.  Georgia blinked as the woman leaned toward him and enthusiastically said something that made his mouth quirk, before she turned and teetered off with the weight of the bucket he had filled.  Another young woman in patched wool skirts scurried forward and set another empty pail beneath the pump. She stepped aside, lingering with pinched lips that bespoke of barely restrained anticipation.  Grabbing hold of the wood handle yet again, Robinson lifted and pushed it down with an anguished wince, forcing water out from the iron spigot and into the pail with a single gush.  Georgia snapped her gaze toward the long line of women dreamily watching him as if he were an unusually pretty gown on display in a shop window. Her lips parted in astonishment.  No wonder he hadnt come back!  Shaking her head, she moved past the line of women. Rounding her way toward the side of the pump, she crossed her arms over her breasts and watched in mingled amusement and adoration as Robinsons bulking arm flexed against his sprayed, water-dampened shirt. His linen shirt clung and outlined not only his impressive arms, but those broad shoulders and solid chest. Much like all the other women, she could have easily stood there watching him all day. Only she still had that darn laundry to do.  Mr. Robinson Crusoe, she singsonged when he still hadnt noticed her. Whatever are you doin?  He glanced up, midpump, his flushed, unshaven face reappearing. His brows rose as a slow, saucy grin overtook those rugged features. Well, well, well. If it isnt Georgia come to hunt me down. He smugly went back to pumping, angling his chest and his arm in a way that showcased his muscles. He heatedly held her gaze with each thrusting pump. Did you miss me? Tell me that you did and Ill ensure the next pail is yours.  She lowered her chin in disbelief. Are you flirtin with me? At the water pump in front of half the ward? Really?  Really. Still holding her gaze with unabashed heat, he willfully used the weight of his upper body in smooth, solid strokes to spray water out of the spigot and down into the open mouth of the pail. It was as evocative an image as if she were the pail and he the water. Would you rather we take this elsewhere, Georgia? We can.  A ripple of awareness stroked its way to her stomach and all the way down to her booted toes. What on bloody earth had the water pump unleashed? Though she relished this new earthy and feral side of him, she was a little concerned. For if this version of Robinson decided to drag her into the low closet, she knew she wouldnt be able to say no.  Drawing in a ragged breath, she let it out and headed toward him. I suggest you finish that there pail, fill the one you promised me and lets get back to doin laundry before the sun sets, shall we?  Jealous? he called back, forcing two more solid pumps of water into the pail.  Only because Ive been waitin an hour for one pail of water, she called back.  When the woman who had been waiting bustled away, Robinson swiped up Georgias pail, set it beneath the spigot and offered up one last show. He pulled the handle up and pushed it down in a single stroke. Gritting his teeth, he worked the pump faster, shifting against the handle.  When it was filled, Georgia swept in and grabbed the handle, lifting its pulling weight up and off the dirt. She smiled up at him. Thank you, Robinson.  He lifted a brow. Dont you think I deserve a kiss for that?  You are a flirt of the worst sort.  He grinned. Be forewarned, this is only the beginning. I have decided to make you mine.  Oh, have you, now?  Yes. I have. He released the wood pump handle, swiping his sleeve against it, and pointed to the pail. Allow me. He grabbed its weight from her, transferring it into his right hand.  Together, they strode back toward the street.  Every female eye followed them out of the alley.  Georgia set her chin and smugly took hold of Robinson by his free, muscled arm, leading him toward the pavement in a manner a wife would lead her husband. Naughty though it was, there were very few times in her life she had gotten to brag about anything, and he most certainly was something to brag about, gent that he was.  As they both made their way down the street, she tightened her hold on his arm and glanced up at him with a dreamy smile. To be sure, a finer gent she had never known since Raymond.  She blinked, her smile fading.  Though he eagerly leaned into her, his gaze was fixed forward, his dark brows knitted together as if he were counting steps. His unshaven jaw was unusually tight, causing a lone muscle to flicker just beneath his cheekbone. He looked as if he were in pain.  She released his tensing arm. Are you all right?  His features softened as he glanced down toward her, never once breaking their stride. Of course I am. Why did you let go of my arm? I was rather enjoying that.  Reassured, she teased, I think you were havin far more fun back there.  He smiled awkwardly, adjusting his hand on the bucket. It was as if theyd never seen a man before.  She laughed. Not at the pump, they havent. You werent out there pumpin water for those women the whole time you were gone, were you?  Not the whole time, he admitted gruffly. I managed to swallow down a yam and spend nine cents on a bundle of matches before getting caught in a barrel of eyes and giggles. Nine cents for a bundle? Georgia groaned and smacked his arm. What? Were they spun of gold? Theyre only a penny apiece, you know.  I know. He leaned toward her in between steps and said in an adoring voice, You should have seen this little moppet. Eyes as big as cornflowers. A smile like powdered sugar, even with two teeth missing. I would have gladly given her more if I had it.  Bless his never-ending, generous heart. That was very kind of you, Robinson, but you cant be givin away money to everyone around here. Youll walk away naked and still not feed them all.  Yes, he murmured, nodding. I know.  Veering back into the shade of her tenement, Georgia gathered her skirts and hurried up the stairs to unbolt the door. That was only the first pail, Brit, she called down as he mounted the stairs, coming up toward her. Youve got nine more to go, so I suggest you keep to pumpin only for yourself or Ill never get the laundry done.  Yes, madam.  Unbolting the door with the key, she pushed open the door and hurried back toward her basin of sitting laundry.  Where do you want it? he asked.  She grabbed up the heavy linen shirt soaking in the washing basin and bundled and twisted the fabric hard, squeezing out all the soapy water. She dumped it soundly into the empty rinsing basin and pointed. Right there. Thank you.  My pleasure. He dumped the large pail of water into the basin with a rushing splash. She paused as droplets of rust-colored water fell from the pail atop the freshly washed linen.  As he turned away and headed toward the door, he shifted the pail into his other hand. Flexing the hand hed freed, he disappeared, leaving the door wide open.  Georgia paused and glanced back at the stained linen she had just laundered, noting that the rinsing water hed dumped into the basin was its usual yellow tone. The droplets on the linen, however, were a rusty red.  Bloodred.  Oh, God. Those poor, untouched hands of his were probably rubbed raw after hed foolishly pumped water for half the ward.  Quickly wiping her hands on her apron, she hurried out after him through the door hed left open and called down the stairs after him, Robinson? Robinson, will you come up here, please?  He jerked to a halt on the bottom stair and turned back toward her. His dark brows rose as he jogged his way back up, the pail swinging from his movements. He thudded onto the landing before her. What is it? He smiled. Are you worried I may never come back? Because I promise you this time I will.  She stepped toward him, took the pail out of his hand and set it aside. Meeting his gaze, she said softly, You were pumpin for quite some time. How are your hands?  He fisted them and shrugged. Fine.  She wagged her fingers. Show me how perfectly fine they are. Only then will I let you go back to the pump.  Averting his gaze, he leaned over and swiped up the pail. You need water.  Not at this price. She grabbed his arm. Youre done.  There is no need to coddle me, Georgia. He freed his arm, turned and jogged down the stairs. Ill be back.  She huffed out an exasperated breath. Damn him. He was only going to make it worse. Gathering her skirts, she rushed down the stairs and hurried after him. Before he could reach the entrance leading out into the street, she darted in front of him and slammed the oak door with a resounding bang so he couldnt leave.  She swiveled toward him, setting her hands on her hips. Youre done for the day. Now get upstairs.  He leaned down toward her. Your mouth is much bigger than the rest of you. I think you have a tendency to forget that. Moving around her, he purposefully bumped her aside with his large frame, making her stumble. Robinson. She darted in front of him and shoved at his muscled weight. Grabbing hold of his exposed wrist, she tried to grab the pail. Give it to me.  He yanked it up high into the air, breaking her grasp on his wrist with a swift tug, and stared her down with lethal calmness. If you think that I will ever let you pump water in my stead, knowing what its done to my hands, you are delusional, woman. Delusional. You are never touching this pail again. Now bite down on that tongue of yours for one long breath and get thee upstairs. Rounding her, he lowered the pail back down to his side and stalked toward the closed door.  Bless him for being the only man in the ward to have thought of saving a womans hands. She jogged after him, grabbed hold of his arm and drew him back toward herself. Robinson. My hands are used to the work. If you want, you can go back to the pump on the morrow, after we  He jerked his arm out from her grasp. If I want to pump water for you, regardless of whether my hand is raw or not, you have no say. He shoved past her.  Jumping toward him, Georgia forcefully ripped the pail out of his left hand, and flung it aside with an echoing clang against the nearest wall. Youre done.  He narrowed his gaze as he rounded her to go get the pail.  Oh, no, you dont. Gritting her teeth, she grabbed him hard by the linen of his shirt with both hands and used every ounce of her strength to shove him hard against the wall behind them. Tipping her full weight into that muscled mass, she made him stumble back against the wall with a solid thud.  His hands jumped up to steady her and keep her from altogether falling aside and onto the floor.  Georgia glared up at him, disregarding that she was draped against him like some wanton in need of a quick dollar. Ive been doin this all my life, she rasped, tightening her hold on his linen shirt to balance herself. Long before you and your gentlemanly ways ever came along, and as you can see, me and my hands are still here. Theres no need for you to puss up your hands in some stupid effort to prove yourself to me. You want to prove yourself? Do so by havin some respect for your hand, because thats all I want and thats all I need from you right now.  His eyes darkened. Let me tell you what I want and what I need, and I can assure you, it doesnt involve water. He grabbed her hard by the waist and forcefully spun them around so fast, her heart popped.  He shoved her back against the wall, making her gasp.  Pinning her solidly into place with his body, he lowered his gaze and methodically watched his own hands trail up her waist and round up to her breasts, before sliding up to the curve of her throat. He sensually grazed her skin with his knuckles before sliding both hands into her knotted hair.  She could barely breathe against the feel of his hands.  Tightening his fingers against her hair, he tilted her face toward his. His chest rose and fell heavily against her own heaving bosom as he pressed her harder against the wall. My hands matter not to me. You matter to me. Do you understand? You. If I wish to make my hands bleed to ensure that your life is a bit easier, allow me that. Or, by God, I will rip all of your clothes off in an effort to make you feel half of what is pounding through my veins here and now. Do you understand?  She swallowed, her heavy breaths mingling with his in the quiet narrow corridor. Her world faded knowing that this incredible man desired not just her body, but her mind and her heart. Georgia Milton. From Orange Street.  The erotic tension in his muscled body that held her dominantly in place and the way those strong fingers dug into her hair made her want to rip his clothes off. If you want to rip off all of my clothes she breathed out then do so. But youre not goin back to that pump.  He lowered his chin. You would let me rip off all of your clothes?  She swallowed, unable to breathe or think or care about anything but physically embracing this raw, carnal passion pulsing between them. You wouldnt have to. I would willingly take them off.  He held her gaze for a long, searing moment. Are you telling me that you want this? He pressed even closer to her, so that she could feel all of him. Tell me you want me, Georgia. I need to hear you say it.  She felt herself growing wet in response to his unashamed grinding. She tilted her face up toward him despite the strong hold he had on her against the wall. I want you.  His hold tightened, those fingers digging into her. You are supposed to tell me to desist, Georgia. For Gods sake, tell me to desist, before I ravage you here and now. Dont think I wont. Tis all Ive been able to think about.  He was such a gentleman in the most inconvenient of times. You havent done anythin yet. Do somethin, already.  He stared her down before lowering his mouth to hers, crushing it against her lips. Shifting his body against hers, he pressed his erection into her corseted stomach and demanded more of her mouth, never once pausing as he tilted his head to mold and remold himself against her. They kissed more and more ruthlessly, their tongues battling and their heated breaths mingling until they were both gasping against each others lips. She felt herself physically unfolding to the point of trembling.  Blindly sliding her hands down his firm chest, she rounded his muscled thigh and rubbed it. It had been four long years since shed known passion. She never thought shed be able to cradle it again. Until now. Finding the rigid length pressing against the flap of his trousers, she achingly rubbed at the rounded tip of his hard cock, trying to feel him through the smooth wool.  His fingers tightened their savage hold, tugging on her hair, making her scalp burn. He broke their kiss. Georgia. His breaths were ragged as he sensually moved against her stroking hand with the slow, even roll of his hips. Not here. Upstairs. I want to lay you out and count every freckle.  She rubbed him through his trousers again. Whilst counting the freckles would be fun, every man drags a woman off into bed. But youre not every man, Robinson, and Im not every woman. Which is why well do it here and well do it now.  He captured her gaze, his hips pausing. In public?  She paused from stroking him. Have you no sense of adventure, oh, Sal pirate of mine? This here be the high seas I speak of.  It isnt the adventure or the high seas Im worried about. He glanced toward the closed door leading out into the street and pressed into her. What if someone walks in?  Then they do. She frantically unbuttoned his flap, shoved his undergarments aside and slid his warm, hard length out. A shaky breath of disbelief escaped her as she slid her fingers around that velvety hard length. She couldnt believe that she was touching him like this.  He searched her face and tightened his hold on her. Georgia, you cant be bloody serious.  She paused and drawled up at him, Youre spoilin the mood, you know. I kind of feel like Eve arguin with a priest over what to do with an apple.  You mind that tongue. He pressed her back against the wall and growled out, You may be Eve, but Im no priest. He fisted and jerked up her skirt, whipping it up past her thigh. Forcefully sliding his large, warm hand up between her thighs, he spread her with his fingers. Something tells me I should start here. What do you think?  She gasped as he used her own moisture to rapidly flick her. She could barely breathe as his finger rubbed faster and faster.  He intently held her gaze. More?  Yes. More. Her chest tightened, her breaths coming in jagged takes as sensations rippled up her stomach and down past her thighs. She trembled and pushed her hips against that hand, desperately needing more. Gripping his arms in an effort to balance herself, she held his fierce gaze, feeling her moisture slowly slather his fingers as he flicked and rubbed, flicked and rubbed.  Georgia bit down on an anguished moan and felt herself being pushed toward that incredible edge of bliss.  Her body quaked at his heated movements. It was as if she was unleashing the man buried within. It made her feel incredibly powerful and feral knowing that she was penetrating that soul with her own passion.  Do it, she whispered.  Releasing her wetness, he grabbed hold of her thighs with both hands. With a wince, he yanked her up and onto his hips, straddling her around his waist.  She paused. Your hand.  Im not thinking about the hand. He shoved her skirts out of the way and draped them back, the tensing of his long, muscled arms holding her against the wall and himself. Im thinking about this.  The ache and burn within her exposed upper thighs increased as she tightened her straddle, widening herself to him.  Positioning the tip of his cock at her wetness with a quick hand, Robinson savagely thrust himself into her so hard, her back and body slammed against the plaster, vibrating the entire wall.  She gasped, her core threatening to ripple and burst against his rigid length as he slammed into her again and again and again, heightening each ripple to a throat-clenching crescendo.  He pounded into her, knocking the breath out of her with his large, muscled body. His wide chest rose and fell with each seething breath as he quickened each ram with the bang of his hips.  Although her back and shoulders pinched against each unrelenting thrust, sending her repeatedly into the plaster full force, it only seemed to erotically punctuate the pleasure raking through her overwhelmed senses.  Feeling herself edging and edging into her own climax, she clung to him, reveling in watching that rugged face flush against his impending pleasure. His upper lip beaded with perspiration as his square jaw tightened in desperate control.  She could feel his shoulders flexing, tensing and growing tighter beneath her hands as she frantically fisted his linen shirt, trying to remain coherent.  Georgia he gritted out between each breath and thrust. He lowered his head and dug his chin into her hair, readjusting his hands on her waist. For Gods sake, do it. Do it, before I  She panted for breaths she could no longer take, racing to finish upon his command as an unrestrained moan burst through her lips, unleashing the rippling pleasure shed been grasping for. She gave in to the trembling core between her thighs and the sensation of her body tightening in pleasure. She cried out and cried out again, bucking against him and grinding down on his length, unable to believe she was still climaxing.  When it ended, she rested her head limply back against the plaster, letting Robinson feverishly jerk in and out of her wetness.  She had never had it last so long. It was unreal. Pull out when its time, she rasped in between fading, heavy breaths.  Robinson slowed his thrusts to a mere in and out as he captured her gaze with lust-heavy eyes. Holding her more firmly against the wall, he dug rigid fingers beneath her thighs and masterfully stroked in and out, in and out, holding her gaze the whole time as if showing her who was in command. Suddenly, he slid himself out of her, dragging her body off his waist and thighs. He settled her booted feet back onto the uneven wood floor, pushing down her skirts to fall back into place.  Pinning her against the wall, he stared at her mouth as his hand jerked between them. He tensed. I want you to swallow me, he rasped. Will you? He closed his eyes.  Sensing that he was near release, Georgia dragged herself down his muscled body and took his rigid, velvety length as he had asked. Using her hands and mouth, she stroked him rapidly.  Seething out breaths, he stilled, his muscles tensing around her possessively as he grabbed her hair and trembled from his release, the warmth of his seed spurting into her mouth. He groaned and groaned again as she sucked and swallowed him until there was nothing left.  Releasing him, she slowly rose back onto her feet and somewhat shyly leaned against the wall, hoping that it had been just as incredibly marvelous for him as it had for her.  He grabbed her and collapsed against her; his muscled chest heaved beneath the linen of his shirt. He nuzzled his face into her hair. Georgia, he breathed out. Marry me. Marry me so we can be together always.  She drew in an astonished breath. Oh, dear God. She had seduced far more than his body. She had already seduced his soul. And it was wrong. It was so bloody wrong and not in the least bit fair to him or her.  Reaching down between them with trembling hands, and after pushing him back into place, she buttoned the flap. I cant marry a man without a name. It wouldnt be legal.  Then give me a name, he insisted against her hair. I will take any name you give me.  It still wouldnt be legal. Reaching up, Georgia cupped his face and kissed his nose and then his forehead and then the bruises still covering the right side of his jaw and cheekbone. You and I must wait. We must wait until your family comes and decide then.  And what if no one comes? What then?  Then her dark wish would be hers to keep and kiss and hold. Ill not make an orphan out of a man unless he truly is one.  He leaned away out of her grasp. Why would you give yourself to me in so intimate a manner, only to take yourself back the moment I asked you to be mine? Do you think that because I have no name, I also have no heart?  She swallowed back the anguish he was forcing her to feel and stepped toward him. Oh, Robinson. Cease this. No one has more heart than you.  And yet it isnt enough. Is it? You require a name, and a man with a past, over this mere heart. He shifted his jaw and stepped farther back, his gray eyes boring into her. In a low, harsh tone that was almost eerily not his own, he bit out, How many men have you allowed to touch you in the way I just did? I want to know.  She stared. I dont do this sort of thing on the hour, Robinson.  He leaned toward her and narrowed his gaze. Is that supposed to be your answer? Or perhaps there are far too many to count. Is that it?  She stumbled back. There was a cutting razor edge that was slicing its way out of his naive soul. Was this who he really was? A man who had been bruised to the core by other women?  She narrowed her own gaze. One. Theres your damn number. One. And that one was my husband, mind you. Now I ask you, cease belittin me, considerin Id venture to say, Mr. Crusoe, given your remarkable performance, your numbers probably well above my mere one.  He glanced away, his flushed features softening as he lowered his gaze. After a long moment of silence, he closed his eyes, placing shaky fingers to his forehead, and choked out, I didnt mean to I He reopened his eyes and met her gaze, tears streaking them. Forgive me, Georgia. Forgive me for suggesting that you He winced, rapidly blinking as if a headache was overtaking him. Im ruining this. Im ruining everything. Imstupid.  She stepped toward him, her heart squeezing seeing his panic in having wronged her. Shh. No, you arent. Im fine. I just dont want you talkin to me like that. It isnt fair given that I only want what is best for you. Dont you understand that seizing you for myself whilst you have yet to belong to yourself isnt right? She leaned toward him, wagging her fingers toward his hand. No more pride, please. Show me.  He quietly held it out, unfurling it, palm up.  The entire width of his large palm, just below his fingers, had been scraped clean of its skin, welted with crusting blood. Oh, Robinson, she whispered, grasping it gently. Dont suffer like that for me again.  He leaned toward her, his features twisting. I suffer more knowing that I just accused you of  The entrance door banged open, making them jump away from each other in astonishment.  Matthew casually strode in with a wool sack draped over his broad coated shoulder and a folded newspaper in his bare hand. He jerked to a halt, scanning them. Am Iinterrupting something?  Georgias cheeks burned as she tried to remain indifferent. Thank God he hadnt walked in moments earlier. No. I was merelylookin at his hand.  Matthew paused. Whatever the hell is wrong with it?  He injured it.  Did he? Matthew dropped the sack onto the floor, slapping the folded newspaper into Georgias hands, and strode toward Robinson. Hand it up, Brit. Im good with wounds.  Robinson edged toward the staircase, setting it behind his back. A man has his pride, you know.  Not whilst hes living in the Five Points. Matthew stepped toward him and forcefully grabbed his arm out from behind his back. Pulling it upward toward himself, he shook his head. Damn. You scraped off half the skin. Hold it up.  Digging into his patched waistcoat pocket, Matthew retrieved a small bottle and uncorked it with his teeth in one solid pull. Chant with me now, he said enthusiastically with the cork still wedged between his teeth. Pain is ever so beautiful and divine. Why? Because it means youre still breathing. Now hold still.  Georgia bit her lip hard, her fingers crinkling the newspaper Matthew had given her to hold. She watched with a half squint as Matthew poured the entire contents of his whiskey onto the open wound. Christ. Robinson swung away, hissing out a breath through bared teeth as he repeatedly shook his hand against the effects of the liquid dripping off. It burns worse than the damn wound itself.  It always does. Recorking his empty bottle with the pop of his palm, Matthew tucked it back into his waistcoat. So. I just got back from Wall Street. The clerk over at the bank informed me hell have a name and address those notes were issued to in as little as eight days.  Eight days? Robinson met her gaze.  Georgias heart dropped. Though he wanted her now, yes, the moment his family came and paraded him back to his lavish lifestyle, reintroducing him to who he really was, it would all come to an end.  Matthew grabbed the newspaper from her and snapped it open, smacking the back of his hand against the extended page. Congratulations are in order, Crusoe. You are officially the latest in frenzied gossip to have hit this city. Even the damn clerk at the bank knew all about you, which is why he was exceptionally helpful. The New-York Evening Post is rather popular within business circles.  Georgia leaned over and grabbed the newspaper from Matthew. She held it up, scanning the framed words. British Gentleman in Dire Need of Assistance  The article gave a small but accurate description of his appearance, right down to the clothes he had been wearing when he first appeared at the hospital, and asked anyone who recognized him to call upon Dr. William Carter at the New York Hospital for further information.  She lowered the paper, handing it off to Robinson. Bless that bastards beating heart. That was impressively quick. He must have high and mighty connections.  Robinson held up the paper.  Matthew strode back over to the wool sack he dropped earlier, swinging up the sack. Here. He tossed it toward her. I dug some clothes out of my trunk. Hopefully theyll fit.  Georgia caught the weight. Thank you, Matthew.  Robinson glanced up from the paper he was still reading. Yes. Thank you. I appreciate this.  No worries. Oh, and Georgia Matthew sauntered backward toward the main entrance door and tapped at his neck with a bare finger. You, uh, might want to clean up some of the blood he smeared all over your throat. You look a bit too ravaged. He smirked. Did you have fun?  Her eyes widened as she clutched the sack up higher against her chest, wishing she could crawl into that sack and dump herself in the river. Leave.  Matthew adjusted the faded leather patch against his cheekbone. Im not being an arse. I just want you smiling again, the way you used to. He paused. Take him over to the dancing hole sometime. Itll be good for you. He pointed at her knowingly. Just remember that Im not playing uncle to some half-Brit babe around these parts. Youll have to move out west with that, because I have a reputation to uphold with the boys. Im still Irish, mind you.  Georgia pressed her lips together, completely mortified, as Matthew turned and disappeared out into the street, leaving the door wide open. She glanced over at Robinson, dreading what the poor man must be thinking.  Robinson refolded the newspaper and wordlessly reached out to remove the sack from her hands. Without meeting her gaze, he turned toward the stairs.  She swallowed, watching him take one stair at a time as if he was waiting for her to say something.  Matthew, drat him, was right. Four sorry years had ticked by since shed last danced in the arms of a man and it wasnt as if avoiding the dancing hole was going to bring Raymond back.  Tis Friday, she called up after him, hoping to break the awkward silence. After I finish the laundry and we have ourselves a bit of supper, would you be up for dancin? Theres more to life here than blisters and blood, you know.  He glanced down at her, his features tightening. He turned to fully face her, leaning his broad shoulder against the wall of the staircase. Do you want me to go? Or are you asking me because Matthew insisted on it?  She blinked up at him. Well, I  You are under no obligation to make me think I matter when I dont. I justI need to know what is real and what belongs to me, given that I barely exist in my own head. I will confess that I am already attached to you, Georgia, and not solely in the physical sense. In truth, I dont think I would be able to walk away from you or this. Even if you told me.  Tears burned her eyes at his unexpected confession. He was truly a beautiful soul. If you promise not to break my heart, Robinson, I promise not to break yours.  He pushed himself away from the wall, still intently holding her gaze. He adjusted the sack in his arms and said in a soft, low tone, Your heart is safe with me. He paused and held up his hand, showing her the gash, which glistened from the whiskey Matthew had poured on it. I should probably wrap this, he murmured, half nodding. Im sorry I didnt listen to you earlier. I was justworried about your hands. He half nodded again and, with that, quietly turned and walked up the remaining stairs with his sack.  Georgia set a heavy hand on the wood banister and leaned against it, staring up after him as he disappeared through the open door of her tenement. It scared her knowing that her poor, poor heart could be broken again by allowing herself to love this nameless man. But maybe, just maybe, they would end up together and take each other and the west by storm.       Everyone complains of his 						memory, but no one complains of his 						judgment. Franois de La Rochefoucauld, Maximes Morales (1678) LONG AFTER ROBINSON HAD finished helping Georgia gather up 						all of the laundered clothes from the rooftop, and they had eaten a 						surprisingly good meal of oysters and cabbage shed prepared, Robinson 						donned Matthews frayed linen shirt, along with a pair of patched wool 						trousers. Though the trousers were a bit snug against his backside, they 						were still comfortable enough for him to sit without ripping 						anything.  Georgia hurried toward him, 						draped in a plain blue cotton gown that brightened not only her face but 						those playful, pretty green eyes. She unpinned her lopsided, bundled hair. 						Hand it over, she said, gesturing to the brush he held. Youre takin 						much too long, Miss Robinson Crusoe.  It was like they had been 						married for years. He should be so blessed. Im almost done.  Dipping the brush bristles into 						the clean basin of water set on the sideboard, while ensuring he didnt get 						his bandaged hand wet, he leaned toward the small cracked mirror hanging on 						the wall. He brushed his black hair back with a few side sweeps and observed 						the scruffy, dark facial hair that was noticeably in need of tending. I 						need to shave and bathe. I dont stink, do I?  I would have told you. Either 						way, tomorrow morn is bathin day. Ill draw up a hip bath for the both of 						us.  He lowered the brush. You mean 						weget to bathe together? Naked?  She rolled her eyes and snatched 						the brush out of his hand. I meant we can share the water. A hip bath 						barely allows for one body, let alone two. Now get to waitin on the landin 						before we hit another wall and never leave. Ill be right out.  Right. He awkwardly rounded 						her at the image she had conjured. Striding into the kitchen, he opened the 						door and quickly stepped out into the small corridor. Blowing out an 						exasperated breath, he fingered the linen on his bandaged hand, waiting for 						Georgia to finish tending to her appearance. He hadnt even been able to 						function around her, let alone think about anything but the way he had 						savagely taken her against that wall, banging his lust into her like some 						dog. Clearly, he was not a gentleman. Not at heart, anyway.  Echoing footfalls thudding up 						the stairs made him turn. His brows rose as John eventually came into view, 						his tall, lean frame garbed in a gray waistcoat, a faded black coat whitened 						at the seams from use and a yellowing, lopsided, droopy cravat that was in 						serious need of assistance. In his bare hand, he even held a single wilting 						daisy that swayed its white petals and yellow cap against his brisk 						movements.  Stepping up onto the landing 						beside him, John cleared his throat and announced coolly, Im here to see 						Georgia.  Despite that sorry, lopsided 						cravat, Robinson felt somewhat underdressed in comparison, what with only a 						frayed laced shirt and overly snug trousers. She and I are going out, he 						managed, setting his shoulders.  John glanced away and asked, 						Where to?  Dancing.  John snapped his gaze back to 						his face. You mean shes taking you to the dancing hole?  He eyed him. Yes. 					Why?  John rapidly blinked and lowered 						his gaze, fingering the flower in his hand. She must really like you, he 						muttered. She never goes. Not given its history.  Robinson shifted toward him, his 						brows coming together. What history?  John glanced up, leaned toward 						him and said in a quiet but harsh tone, Whatever you do, Brit, dont feck 						with her heart. I may have stupidly disappointed her by not wanting to chase 						her dream of going west, but I never once fecked with her heart. Not even 						after she tore me asunder without giving me a chance to right 						things.  Robinson stared at him. 						Apparently, something very dark had happened to Georgia over at the dancing 						hole. Something she had yet to share with him. He flexed his hands, hating 						that he hadnt been around all this time to protect her from the 						world.  Georgia suddenly appeared in the 						doorway, her thick red hair bound in two youthful, pretty, long braids. Im 						ready. She paused with her iron key in hand and scanned John. Why, John. 						Youre standin in a full coat and cravat. Who died?  No one. I felt like dressing 						up, is all. John held out the sagging daisy. I hear youre going over to 						the dancing hole. Its been a while for me, too. Can I go with 					you?  Robinson slowly shook his head. 						The bastard didnt even know how to go about trying. Georgia sighed, took 						the flower John offered and tucked it into her hair behind her ear. Im 						with Robinson and dont plan on dancin with anyone but 					Robinson.  Biting back a grin, Robinson 						tried not to puff out his chest too much. If Georgia was already announcing to other 						men that she was his, he liked the way the night was headed.  John lowered his gaze and 						offered quietly, Im not tryin to impose. I just hate the idea of sitting 						here by myself in the tenement tonight.  Oh, the bastard sure knew how to 						pump a womans compassion.  Georgia sighed, turned away and 						bolted the door, slipping the key back into the small pocket beneath her 						arm. Whisking back toward them, she grabbed not only Robinsons arm but 						Johns. You can come along if you want. Just dont you be startin any 						trouble. She tightened her hold, bringing them closer against herself. Id 						actually like the two of you to get to know each other outside of fists. You 						might find that you have a lot in common.  John stared dubiously at him 						from over Georgias strawberry braids. Robinson returned the glare as they 						all walked in unison down the remaining stairs, bumping shoulders against 						the narrow space.  Striding out the entrance door, 						they made their way into the inky, humid night. Despite the late hour, 						crowds of men with coarse, unshaven faces, accompanied with coiffed women 						whose lips and cheeks were smeared with cheap rouge, filled the streets, 						appearing and disappearing into the shadows around them.  Georgia veered them to the left, 						still tightly holding on to their arms. We really shouldnt walk in 						silence. Its awkward even for me. So. What should we talk 					about?  Lets talk about how Ill be 						getting each and every dance, John offered smugly. Because Brits are about 						as deaf to music as they are to women and life itself.  Robinson refrained from reaching 						over and smacking him. With that sort of attitude, youll be dancing with 						the wall, or at best, a few chairs.  John leaned toward him from in 						front of Georgia. You think youre funny, dont you? Well, youre not. You 						sound stupid, you feck.  Georgia shook both their arms. 						Whilst Im flattered to be the center of all this lovely attention, it 						isnt impressive listenin to grown men bicker like women in a shop 						quarreling over who gets the last bonnet.  Both he and John fell into 						silence, because God only knew neither of them wanted to sound like 						women.  After directing them around a 						corner left, they all walked in silence through the darkness of narrow 						pathways and squat wood buildings lit by streetlamps and passing carts with 						flickering lanterns.  In the approaching distance, the 						loud cheers of a crowd and the rhythmic stamping of feet drifted toward 						them. A brightly lit entrance from a cellar with its large oak door held 						ajar by a barrel spilled fuzzy, yellow light across the pavement, fingering 						its way to the dirt road where men with cigars between their teeth lingered. 						The jolting strings of a violin and the quick, rattling shakes of a 						tambourine pierced the humid air.  Georgia released their arms. She 						glanced back at them and with a slow grin she lifted a foot, playfully 						tapping it. I can already feel that fiddle makin its way to my feet. 						Gathering her skirts, she disappeared down the small set of paved 						stairs.  Brushing past him with the turn 						of a hard shoulder, John tossed out, I suggest you not make an idiot out of 						yourself. Dancing with a woman is an art. He disappeared down through the 						cellar entrance after Georgia.  How hard can it be? Robinson 						yelled back grudgingly, jumping down the stairs. He ducked against the low 						frame of the door and entered into a large open space that had been cleared 						of furnishings, save a few chairs set against the uneven walls, and rows of 						casks laden with tankards.  The entire timbered ceiling was 						covered with smudged lanterns, illuminating not only every nail, crack and 						splinter but all the flushed, glistening faces of men and women, both Negro 						and white, as they merrily whirled and danced in time to the loud stamping 						of feet and the violin and tambourine that tried to cut through the 						noise.  He glanced toward a row of 						people leaning against the wall on both sides of him. They clapped and 						stomped their feet, some pausing to openly scan him.  Georgia pushed her way past 						John, who was holding out a hand toward her. Later, John. Im dancin the 						first few sets with Robinson.  With that, she grabbed hold of 						his arm and 						hurried them into the crowd, her braids swinging against her slim 						shoulders.  Robinson pointed back over at 						John and yelled out smugly over the music, I see a lovely-looking wall over 						there! I suggest you go spark up a conversation. Who knows, you might get 						lucky!  John narrowed his gaze and swung 						away, disappearing toward a table lined with bottles of whiskey. He tossed a 						quarter at a man and snatched up two bottles.  Following Georgia into the chaos 						of limbs and whirling skirts and clapping hands, she turned toward him and 						twirled once before lifting her skirts above her ankles and letting her 						booted feet merrily take flight to the music. She grinned, her braids 						hopping along with the rest of her. I cant believe Im actually doin 						this. Its been years!  Has it? Well, at least you 						remember doing it. I dont even know what the hell Im supposed to do. He 						awkwardly held a hand behind his back and tried to force his booted feet to 						find the rhythm in the melody that flitted like a million butterfly wings he 						couldnt make sense of. He stumbled against the worn leather boots of a 						bearded fellow beside him and winced, holding up a hand in apology to the 						man, who reached out and patted him on the back to assure him it was fine. 						The music only seemed to flit faster and faster and he felt as if he was 						about to snap his own legs in an effort to keep up.  Georgia grabbed hold of his 						waist and steered him closer toward herself. Dont lift your knees so 						high! she shouted, reaching down and tapping his closest knee down. 						Otherwise, youre missin beats and the steps that go with it!  Robinson lessened the height of 						his knees, feeling like a court jester drunk out of striped trousers. He 						gargled out a laugh. I simply cannot dance! he shouted back, leaning 						toward her. Im about to fall over like an oversize bit of 					timber!  She laughed. Youre doin 						fine! She leaned toward him and grabbed hold of his face, nuzzling her nose 						against his before letting go.  That amazing, loving little 						nuzzle made him want to not only dance but break out into a roaring song. No 						longer caring if he looked like the fool that he felt, he stomped and 						clapped and gave way to the music. With a grin, he watched Georgia spin left 						and then right and then left again, her quick-moving feet timed perfectly to 						the jovial music.  Her beautiful, flushed face and 						bright green eyes watched him in between every whirl and twirl, the 						radiating happiness that bubbled out of her, infecting him with a sense of 						freedom and happiness he wanted to seize and hold for the rest of his 						life.  Whatever history haunted this 						place, it appeared to be of no consequence, for he saw nothing but genuine 						happiness bursting through that smile and dance. Pride overwhelmed him 						knowing that he was here to share in that joy.  When the music eventually 						stopped and he with it, a loud cheer boomed around them, momentarily 						deafening him.  Georgia cupped the side of her 						mouth with a hand and jumped over and up, yelling past the bobbing heads, 						Play us a lovers melody of old! Ive brought myself a lover tonight, dont 						you know, and I want this to be a night to remember! She veered back toward 						him and grabbed his arm, squeezing it tight. I just announced to the world 						youre mine. Are you happy now?  You honor me. He grinned and 						glanced down at Georgia as men and women hooted and clapped.  The lanky Negro whod been 						playing the violin jumped up onto his chair, adjusting his knit cap on his 						brow, and pointed the tip of his bow at Georgia with a saucy grin and a 						flirtatious wink. Quickly tucking the end of the instrument beneath his 						chin, he held up his bow, announcing he was about to begin and, with a 						graceful guiding hand that slid the bow across and back against the strings, 						commenced a beautifully sweet slow melody full of so much longing that it 						sought to melt the heart of every soul in the room.  Georgia turned toward him with a 						shy smile, reached up and primly set one hand on his shoulder. With the 						other, she carefully took his bandaged hand into hers, ensuring she wasnt 						touching the rawness beneath, and announced, This is how a lady in your 						realm would dance to music. Am I right?  He paused. I honestly wouldnt 						know. But I like it.  He curved his other hand around 						her corseted waist and instinctively set it against the middle of her back. 						Drawing in a breath, he wordlessly whisked her away from the men and women 						crowding to their right and guided them to the left with a smooth, circling 						boxed step. He adjusted their step and held her rigidly against himself, 						pushing and guiding her body and feet with his arms. He instinctively took a 						forward balanced step, then a back balanced step, then a side balanced step, 						moving them left and right, before starting the steps all over again, across 						the planked floor.  It was thewaltz.  Yes. He knew it. Oddly, he knew 						it very well, and though the dance itself didnt match the music being 						played, it felt like the only step worthy of it. With each smooth step and 						elegant turn, he realized that he not only knew how to dance this waltz but 						that he could do it fluidly and exceptionally well.  Georgias lips parted as she 						attempted to follow his sweeping movements. She glanced down at their feet 						and then up again, meeting his gaze. What is this?  The waltz, he provided, 						whisking her past the other couples who had paused from their dancing to 						watch them. Or at least I think that is what its called.  I like it.  Do you?  Very much. It makes me feel 						allcivilized. Dont you feel civilized?  He lowered his head toward her 						and drawled, Yes. Because we certainly werent earlier, up against that 						wall.  Finding they had more room on 						the floor, for others were moving back and away to watch, Robinson smiled 						and moved her forward with a step, then back, then side to side from left to 						right. Images of well-dressed crowds and dancing couples whisking forward 						and back on a gleaming wood floor lighted by crystal chandeliers and rows of 						mirrors flashed within his thoughts. He was there with them.  He kept dancing with Georgia, 						trying to hold that image, not clear on where it came from. Her uncertain 						steps slowly matched his own until she completely submitted to the repeated 						movements of their bodies swaying together. She quietly watched him the 						whole while, her flushed features searching his face.  When the violin ceased, he 						brought them to a sweeping halt and blew out a slow breath as a wave of 						applause filled the air. Georgia lingered in his arms and tightened her hold 						on his shoulder, still holding his gaze, even as the violin and the bugle 						commenced a new, rowdier tune bringing everyone stomping back onto the dance 						floor around them.  She mouthed something up at him, 						her brows and face softening, and though he couldnt hear it against the 						crowd and the music, he didnt need to hear her words. He could see the 						enchantment in those eyes. It was a heartrending form of enchantment that 						promised him love.  Onlysomething was unraveling. 						Something made him feel as if that forever and a day he sought within 						Georgias arms was about to be snatched away. Though he tried to push all 						thoughts of it away, he was beginning to wonder how it was possible to dance 						with a woman without remembering how. It whispered of dark possibilities he had refused 						to consider out of his desperate need to be near Georgia.  What if he had danced like this, 						so intimately, so lovingly, with the faceless woman who lingered in the back 						of his mind? What if he had lied to Georgia when he had first met her on the 						street just so he could crawl into her bed and then toss her? Perhaps the 						man who had emerged and had claimed her so savagely against that wall was, 						in fact, him. A man who sought to onlyfuck women.  He swallowed and released her, 						stepping outside of her arms. He turned and quickly veered off the planked 						floor, a headache pinching his skull. His chest tightened as he frantically 						pushed his way past people, unable to breathe.  He hurried toward the entrance 						that led up and out to the street, the light and the darkness blurring into 						each other. Jumping out onto the landing of the pavement, he threw back his 						head and stood there, dragging in rancid breaths of air that only seemed to 						make everything blur all the more.  Robinson? Georgia hurried up 						the stairs and out toward him. She grabbed his arm. What is it?  He winced against the headache 						that continued to penetrate his skull, wishing desperately he could figure 						out who he was and what he should do. Im overwhelmed, that is all. I need 						to rest.  She hesitated and whispered, 						This is my fault.  Dont apologize. He glanced 						away. I didnt want it to end. Im just  Hey, Brit, John hollered out. 						Hey. John staggered past Georgia with an almost empty whiskey bottle. He 						gestured with the bottle. You, uh, dropped something.  Robinson paused and patted his 						trousers, wondering if the dollar hed placed in his pocket was still there. 						It was. What did I drop?  Robinson swiveled toward him 						just as John belted out, This! and sent his other full fist swinging, pummeling it 						straight into Robinsons stomach.  Pain exploded up into his 						clenching chest, momentarily arresting his ability to breathe against the 						burning ripple that froze his stomach muscles. He stumbled, his boots 						skidding against the pavement in an effort to regain his stance and his 						breath. John! Georgia shoved John hard and off to the side, 						making the bottle slip out of his other hand. Glass shattered as whiskey 						sprayed everywhere, resounding like the crack of a pistol shot in the 						night.  Yanking out the flower from 						behind her ear, Georgia whipped it at John and jumped forward, smacking his 						face hard. How could you? How could you ruin this night for me knowin I 						havent been here in four goddamn years? Whiskey-slathered or not, what are 						you tryin to prove?  John leaned toward Georgia and 						grabbed her by the face. Im ready tohead west, John choked out, 						momentarily swaying. I wasnt earlier, but I am now.  Gritting his teeth, Robinson 						jumped toward John and knocked that hand away from her and shoved him with a 						full violent thrust. Dont touch her. Georgia, we should go before I lower 						myself to his level.  Right you are in that. She 						grabbed Robinsons arm and stalked them past John. We ought to get you into 						bed, anyway. Come.  Yes, get him into your bed! 						John called out mockingly after them, waving about a swiveling hand. And 						while youre at it, Georgialet the Brit feck you up the arse in the name of 						Ireland like the goddamn traitorous slut that you are.  Robinson twisted away from 						Georgias grasp and stalked back toward John, his pulse roaring in his ears. 						You and that piss-drunk mouth are dead.  Digging into his coat pocket, 						John unfolded a razor with a flick of two fingers. Bleed, you son of 						a Angling 						forward, John stumbled and lunged toward Robinson with the outstretched 						blade. Shit! 						Robinson skid aside just as the blade cut straight through the air of where 						hed been. Knowing he had to stop that razor from lunging again, Robinson 						jumped back toward John and instinctively snatched hold of his outstretched 						wrist with both hands, rigidly freezing the blade and his arm so it wouldnt 						move. Gnashing his teeth, he used his weight and every ounce of his strength 						to twist Johns wrist hard and off to the side until the tendons and the 						bone kept it from going any farther.  Despite Johns grunting 						resistance, he eventually stumbled forward and against him, the razor 						slipping from his fingers. It clattered to the pavement at their booted 						feet.  Robinson shoved him back hard 						and scrambled toward the pavement, snatching up the razor before John could 						get to it. Refolding it with a flick into its handle, he turned and whipped 						the blade far out into the street, where it echoed into the shadows far 						beyond and disappeared from sight. He pushed out breath after breath, his 						pulse still roaring in disbelief that the bastard had almost sliced 						him.  John stumbled back, catching 						himself against the gas lamppost beside them.  Robinson swung toward him and 						narrowed his gaze. If you go near Georgia ever again, Ill do more than 						fist you up. Ill break your arm and detach it from your shoulder and toss 						it down the street so that your little razor has itself a friend. Are we 						plain in this?  John pushed himself away from 						the lamppost, jerking toward him. You deserve to be sliced. Sliced! he roared 						through his slurring. Do you think I didnt see youpounding and grunting 						into her? Do you think that I didnt place myself against a wall and 						restrain myself fromkilling you and her with the cleaver I grabbed from the 						kitchen?  Robinson pointed at John, his 						chest heaving in disbelief. How we choose to love each other is none of 						your goddamn business. You are pathetic and vile!  With gnashed teeth, John lunged 						at him again, flopping a fist toward his head.  Robinson darted aside, his heart 						pounding. Jumping back and forward, he threw out a raging fist, his bandaged 						knuckles connecting up and into that nose with full force. A sharp pop 						sounded in the night air as his arm jumped back. His hand writhed at the 						contact, causing him to push out a seething breath and stagger back. 						Wincing, he shook his bandaged hand out. Gash aside, had he never hit a man 						before?  John covered his nose with a 						quick hand, stumbling and wheeling forward. He gasped as blood slowly seeped 						through his clamped fingers, glistening in the low glow of light from the 						lamppost.  Georgia grabbed his arm. 						Robinson, youve made your point. Now lets go.  He yanked his arm from hers. I 						just have one last point to make, dearest. Rounding John fast, Robinson 						took advantage of his hunched position by grabbing hold of his shoulders and 						shoving John straight down toward the pavement in full force. That is for watching us, 						you prick.  John stumbled to the ground, 						catching himself with his bloodied hands. Collapsing against the pavement, 						he rolled onto his back and choked up at him, She deserves far more respect 						than youve been giving herand you know it. You know it.  Robinsons chest knotted with 						regret. Though a vicious and dark part of him wanted to send a double fist 						crashing down into that sniveling face and into his gut, he knew John was 						right. Georgia did deserve far more than hed been giving her. She deserved 						her field, she deserved her apple trees and, above all, she deserved a man 						who knew his own goddamn name.  Rounding John and the pavement, 						he gently took Georgias hand and kissed it, wordlessly leading her down the 						street, their movements echoing in the darkness. Whoever the hell he really 						was, and whatever the hell his reasons for originally engaging her on the 						street had been, he only hoped he was worthy of Georgia. ROBINSON SAT QUIETLY IN Georgias 						dimly lit kitchen, fingering the scrap of linen shed resoaked in whiskey 						and rewrapped around his hand. Though the wound no longer bled after the 						blow hed delivered to John, it still stung. Christ help him if he really 						did have a wife. Orchildren. Oh, God. What if he had children?  Georgia reappeared in the 						doorway of the low closet, her slim body outlined by the glow of the oil 						lamp she had lit beside her bed. Robinson?  He glanced up and drew in a 						breath, noting that she wasnt wearing a corset or a chemise beneath that thin linen 						nightdress. Through the wavering light filtering from her room, he could see 						the outline of breasts and nipples, slim thighs and sinewy limbs peering out 						through the sheer, plain cotton that swept down to the floor.  He met her gaze, trying to 						pretend he hadnt noticed her near-nudity, even though every muscle in his 						body roared with tension. Yes?  She leaned her braided hair 						against the frame of the door. You were rather soft on John. Considerin. 						Im impressed.  He was drunk, he muttered, 						lowering his gaze.  She sighed and tapped on the 						door. Remove your clothes, save your undergarments, and get into bed. Ill 						not let you sleep in that chair another night. The bed is small, but theres 						more than enough room for the both of us.  He shook his head. The chair is 						fine.  Robinson  No. The chair is more than 						fine.  She bit her bottom lip before 						dragging it loose to say, You need better rest than what youve been 						gettin.  Ill be fine.  She leaned against the doorway, 						swinging out playfully toward him, those small breasts jiggling beneath the 						fabric of her nightdress. Well keep it respectable and only sleep. I 						promise.  He averted his gaze from those 						breasts he wanted to cup. The damned woman didnt even realize that 						everything about her made him want to toss the last of whatever gentlemanly 						ways he had.  Robinson removed his boots and 						let them thud against the floorboards. I am not getting into that bed with 						you, Georgia.  Leaning far back against the 						chair, he crossed his arms, stretching the rough, yellowing linen of his 						shirt. You and I should not touch again. Not until my mind is what it 						should be. My own.  She tsked, her nose crinkling. 						You really need sleep.  He glared at her. What if Im 						married, Georgia? What if I have a house full of children and have yet to 						know it? What becomes of this or of them? By God. I have knowingly made a whore of not only 						you but 						myself.  Her grin faded. Is that whats 						been weighin on you?  What sort of man goes pounding 						a woman into a wall, only to then almost break a mans skull?  She shook her braided head. 						Padding over to his chair, she leaned over and kissed his cheek soundly with 						soft, warm lips. The stinging scent of lye and starch still clung to her 						skin after their long day of laundry.  Should you change your mind and 						wish to sleep on the straw mattress beside me, she murmured, nuzzling her 						nose against his cheek, Ill not think any less of you. In my eyes, you 						will always be a gentleman worth knowin and havin.  Brushing her roughened fingers 						alongside the curve of his unshaven face, which caused his body and his jaw 						to tighten, she straightened and lingered. Is there anythin else botherin 						you? Be honest.  He glanced up at her. After a 						long moment, he asked, What happened to you at the dancing hole? Why is it 						John knows and I dont?  She quietly stepped back, her 						features tightening. Id prefer to tell you another time. All 						right?  Do you not want me 						asking?  Nah. Tis all right to ask and 						Im glad you did. Im just not in the mood to cry. She lowered her gaze, 						fingering the waistline of her nightdress. Set aside whatever guilt you 						feel about tonight and know that waltz made me forget for one beautiful 						moment that Id ever danced with any man but you. Somethin I never thought 						possible after my Raymond. So thank you for that. I needed to know that I 						could move on and leave him behind. And tonight, I got my answer. She 						blinked rapidly, nodded and padded her way back into the closet. Good 						night.  Good night, Georgia. He 						swallowed, tilting his head back against the hard wood of the chair, and 						squeezed his eyes shut. Something kept chanting that time was ticking toward 						his departure, calling his mind out of the void and into a different 						reality.               Scarcely knowing where he was, or 						what to believe, for a few moments Verezzi stood bewildered, and unable to 						arrange the confusion  of ideas which floated in his brain Percy Bysshe Shelley, Zastrozzi: A Romance (1810) A RAPID POUNDING AGAINST the entrance door startled Robinson into bolting up 						out of the chair and onto his feet. He staggered, all of the muscles in his 						shoulders and thighs tightly knotted and sore from sleeping in an awkward 						position. He winced and then groaned, knowing he couldnt keep living like 						this. Hed be dead by the end of the week.  Thunder boomed in the distance, 						making him pause as the floor, as well as the windows, rattled. The rushing 						of rain whipped at the glass when the thunder silenced, wind pelting it hard 						on an angle. It was morning already. Though not a very welcoming one given 						the menacing weather.  Georgia? John yelled out from 						the other side, rattling the door. Georgia! 						Wheres Robinson? Get him out here, 						will you? And hurry it up!  He was going to bury that 						bastard in an unmarked ditch outside of New York. Stalking toward the door, 						Robinson unbolted the locks one by one and swung the door open. What?  Johns hardened blue eyes met 						his gaze. His swollen nose and bruised face were sleeked with rain, his 						unshaven square jaw dripping wet like the rest of him. Drenched, frayed 						clothing clung to his lean body, and his almost whitened leather boots 						trailed not only puddles of water but clumps of mud onto Georgias 						doorstep.  Robinson stared him down. I 						suggest you and the mud leave. Because Im done with this. Im done with 						you.  Im not here to put up fists, 						John muttered, shifting from boot and boot. Im sorry about therazor. I 						was being stupid and had far more whiskey than I should have. Marshals were 						going door to door in the building looking for you. No one wanted to talk, 						thinking Georgia was in trouble, but as it turns out theyre here to help 						you. So II told them which door you were at. He stepped back and thumbed 						toward the stairs behind him, where four large men in drenched uniforms were 						jogging up the stairs, their muddied boots echoing around them.  Robinsons breath hitched as all 						four men in full military regalia, with swords at their sides, filed onto 						the landing.  This be the one, John 						announced in a low tone, gesturing toward Robinson.  One of the uniformed men 						formally inclined his head toward Robinson and gestured toward the stairwell 						behind them with a gloved hand. His Grace will be most pleased to know you 						are safe and is anxiously waiting for you to join him 					downstairs.  Robinson stepped back. His 						Grace? He knew what that meant. It meant the man was aduke. It meant that the 						man was of British nobility. Swallowing, he took another step back. How did 						he know that? Who is this man to me?  The mustached officer closest to 						him leaned in and offered, The Duke of Wentworth is your father, my 						lord.  A displaced sensation of 						familiarity clamped down on him.  Imageless memories pierced his 						thoughts, bringing a rush of not only an estate but servants. My lord? the officer inquired from somewhere before him. 						Are you unwell? Do you require assistance down the stairs?  Robinson refocused his thoughts. 						No. I am quite well, thank you. I just He held up a shaky hand, feeling 						exhausted and overwhelmed. Im trying to remember things, that is 						all.  Another officer held out a 						sizable leather satchel that tinkered with what appeared to be coins. This 						here is for Mrs. Milton. It bears gold coins amounting to an even hundred. 						His Grace asks that the moment these coins are delivered into her hands in 						honor of her generosity toward you, that you join him in the carriage 						outside.  Oh, God. This couldnt be 						happening. Everything was unraveling too fast for him to make sense of it 						all.  Robinson grabbed the weighty 						satchel. Georgia? He whipped back toward the direction of the closet just 						beyond the kitchen where she already stood in her calico gown, her hair 						neatly bundled and her feet bare. It appeared she had been awake for some 						time.  My father is here, he 						whispered in disbelief, holding up the weighty satchel. He wanted you to 						have this.  A lone tear spilled its way down 						her cheek. She nodded and swiped at it. All that matters is that youve 						found what I had lost. Tis good to know you have a father. Tis more than 						good, actually. Tis absolutely marvelous.  He tossed the satchel toward the 						table with a thudding chink and stepped toward her, unfolding his arms. Come 						here, Georgia. Come here, before I tell everyone to leave.  She let out a sob, hurried 						toward him and flung herself into his arms, pressing him tightly against 						herself. I told you someone would come. She dug her entire face harder 						into his chest and tightened her hold. I told you.  That you did. He pressed the 						side of her soft cheek against his chest and held her for a long moment, 						praying this wouldnt be the last time hed hold her. It would seem I am 						bound to far more than wealth.  She leaned back and searched his 						face, still clinging to him. What do you mean?  He swallowed. I am a lord, and 						my father, who is waiting downstairs, appears to be a duke.  She gasped, her eyes widening, 						and scrambled out of his arms. A trembling hand drifted up to her mouth. She 						stared as if she no longer knew who he was.  The world faded as if he were 						being dragged into a reality he didnt want to be a part of. Dont look at 						me like that. Im still the same man.  I knew you had money, but I 						never once thought you were somearisto. She dropped her hand to her side. 						Mother on high, had I known I most certainly wouldnt have She stepped 						toward him, looking panicked. We cant have you lookin like this. Your 						father is goin to blame your wretched appearance on me.  He lowered his chin. You do 						realize you just insulted my appearance?  Oh, hush up and stand still. 						Stuffing his linen shirt into his trousers, she smoothed it against his 						chest and shoulders, before readjusting his trousers on his hips with a firm 						tug. There. Now  She turned, grabbed up his boots 						from beside the chair and set them before him with a thud. Put your boots 						on. Ill go get a rag to polish them. She grabbed the other, small satchel 						from off the table, the one containing his fob, and shoved it into his hand. 						Dont forget this. It has your money and your watch in it. Maybe now youll 						be able to find the key that winds it. Turning, she jogged into the front 						room and disappeared.  Only Georgia would think of 						winding a watch at a time like this. He glanced back at her. 						Georgia.  Put on your boots, she called 						back, knowing he hadnt.  He heaved out a breath. Lowering 						his gaze to those boots, he leaned over and yanked each boot on, dreading 						everything that awaited him. It would be like waking up in the hospital 						again. Not knowing who or what to expect. What if he didnt recognize his 						own father? What if he never recognized the man?  Georgia reappeared with not only 						a wet rag, but his waistcoat, coat and brush in hand. Put them on. 						Apologize to your father about the buttons. Will he want them back? Should I 						go dig them out? I should, shouldnt I? Theyre silver.  He slipped into his embroidered 						waistcoat, which she had laundered and dried for him all but yesterday. I 						dont think hell want them. They are, after all, my buttons. Not his. He 						pulled on his coat, adjusting them both against his body and sighed. 						Better?  Much. Lower your head for me. 						She turned him toward herself and reached up, brushing his hair back and out 						of his eyes with several quick strokes. She stepped back, smacking the brush 						against the palm of her hand and set her chin. There. Much better. Now 						stand still.  Tossing aside the brush with a 						clatter, she kneeled before him on the wood floor and bent toward him, 						polishing his black leather boots with a rag as if she were now his 						servant.  His eyes widened. Georgia, 						what? He leaned down and yanked her savagely back onto her feet, causing 						her to stumble. He shook her. What the hell are you doing?  She scrambled back, tightening 						her hold on the dirty, wet rag she clutched, and awkwardly replied, Now I 						wont get arrested for treatin you like a hog.  He captured her gaze, his throat 						tightening. You treated me like a damn king. In that breath and in that 						moment, he knew he could never live without her. Not even if he were married with 						fourteen children. Jesus, he was fucked. I want you to meet him. I want you 						to come downstairs with me. Come.  Her brows pinched together as 						she stepped farther back and shook her head. He doesnt want to meet me. 						She tossed aside the dirty rag and smoothed her hands against her gown. I 						dont even own a gown worth bein seen in. She edged back, her cheeks 						flushing. Im sorry I made you live like this. I really am.  He fought the need to grab her 						and shake her for saying such a thing. Cease. He held out an impatient 						hand. Now come. Youre going with me.  Dont do this to me, Robinson. 						Please dont. She pushed him toward the door, making him stumble against 						her weight. What if youre married? Ill not be the cause of a broken 						marriage.  He leaned back toward her, 						clutching the small leather satchel hard. What if I am unwed? What if I am 						free to love you? What then? Will you have me?  Tears now streamed down her pale 						face, reddening those pretty green eyes. A man such as you, belongin to 						the duty of nobility and wealth, could never be free to love a woman like 						me. Dont you see that?  His eyes widened. She didnt 						even sound like herself. Are you being blinded by something as stupid as 						status and wealth? Do you really want the west? Or do you really want 						me? Tis as 						simple as that.  She swiped away her tears. Stop 						it, she choked out. She swung away. I havent the right to impose what I 						want upon you.  His throat burned in an effort 						to keep himself from grabbing her and shaking the wits out of her. People 						who love each other will impose upon each other. That is the price and 						burden of love. Unless, of courseyou dont love me.  This isnt about love, 						Robinson. Then what is it about? Rancor sharpened his voice.  She shook her head again. 						Regardless of whether you see it or not, Ill only be a woman you dragged 						out of the mud and Ill not do that to you or myself. Ill not hang our 						dignity like this. I just wont.  He leaned toward her and hit the 						satchel he was holding against his chest. Our dignity? Our dignity? Dignity 						wont mean a goddamn thing if were not together!  A sob escaped her. Thats 						because you dont know what its like to live without dignity. But I do, 						Robinson. Ive been livin without it since I took my first breath and Ill 						not do that to you. Ill not. She clamped a hand to her mouth and quickly 						veered out of sight, into the front room of her tenement.  Georgia? he echoed after her. 						Come with me. Please.  Silence pulsed.  He swallowed, sensing that John 						and all four of the uniformed men were holding their breaths right along 						with him. It was degrading having his entire life fall apart before the eyes 						of men that he didnt even know. Robinson lingered in the doorway, staring 						straight into her kitchen at the hanging rosary there on the far wall, and 						silently willed whatever God there was to get her to bend to his 						command.  He waited and waited, swallowing 						back his disbelief. When she still didnt reappear, he reached out and 						slammed the door shut lest he grab her and force her into coming with 						him.  Through heaving breaths and a 						heavy-limbed haze, he lingered in the corridor as everyone silently awaited 						whatever was about to happen. It was pathetic. He was pathetic.  Robinson swung away from her 						closed door and tossed the satchel he was holding over to John, who was 						barely two feet away. Take this with an apology for the fist I gave 						you.  John paused and snapped it back 						out toward him. Nah, I was the one who  Just keep Georgia out of 						trouble. That is all I ask. Robinson turned and shoved past 						everyone.  He pounded his way down the 						narrow stairs that led out toward the open entrance door. Thunder grumbled 						restlessly in the distance beyond the rushing rain as a strong, cool breeze 						forced its way in through the open door.  When he reached the bottom 						stair, he paused and then veered toward the uneven plastered wall, wistfully 						sliding the tips of his fingers against it, wishing he could recapture that 						breathtaking moment when Georgia had made him believe that he was the only 						man she would ever love.  He strode out of the tenement 						and onto the pavement, rain pelting his head, face and shoulders, soaking 						his morning coat within moments. A footman in a bright red uniform stood in 						the rain, his polished black boots encased in the mud road. He held the door 						open to a large black lacquered carriage.  Pausing a few steps away from 						the carriage, he allowed the cold rain to soak him and numb what little he 						felt. Georgia hadnt even fought half a breath for him. She, who wore a 						blade on her thigh and took on the world with fists and words to match, had 						set it all aside the moment it came to him. She obviously had never come to 						love him in the way he had come to love her.  An older gentlemans rugged face 						appeared, leaning far forward in the cushioned seat, a folded white 						handkerchief pressed against his nose and mouth. His silver tonic-sleeked 						hair glinted from the movement.  Dark brown eyes widened as the 						man scanned the length of him. Lowering the handkerchief with a black 						leather-gloved hand, the older gentleman rose from his seat, revealing full 						black attire from boot to shoulder, save his linen shirt and a white cravat. 						The man quickly leaned out of the door and waved toward the young footman 						still holding the door open. Get him out of this rain, Gilmore! he 						shouted, his pale features flushing. Now!  The footman rushed toward 						Robinson and grabbed hold of his arm, hurrying him at a jog toward the open 						door of the carriage and up the unfolded stairs. Robinson stumbled in and 						fell against the seat opposite the older man as the stairs were quickly 						folded back into place. The door was slammed shut, encasing Robinson in a 						world of gray velvet that smelled like mulled spice and cedar.  He paused, glancing at nothing 						in particular. He knew that smell. It belonged to his life. It belonged to 						the life of Viscount Roderick Gideon Tremayne. He sucked in a breath, 						bringing up a trembling hand to his temple. His name. He knew his name. It 						wasnt Robinson at all. It wasRoderick. He was Lord Roderick Gideon 						Tremayne. He swallowed and glanced at the man lingering before him. Why was 						it he had a name in his head but nothing else?  The duke scrambled out of his 						black morning coat and stumbled to his booted feet. Draping Roderick with 						his own coat, the duke leaned toward him and touched his face. Yardley, he 						choked out, sitting beside him. Assure me you were treated 					well. Yardley? Roderick echoed, trying not to panic. You mean my 						name isnt Tremayne? Who the hell is Tremayne?  The man paused and blinked 						rapidly. Tremayne is still you. Tis simply only one of your titles. As is 						Yardley.  A breath escaped him. I see. 						At least a part of his mind belonged to him. Call me Tremayne. Please. I 						dont know why, but I prefer it.  Fine. Yes. The man grasped his 						wrist with gloved fingers, gently bringing his bandaged hand toward himself. 						What happened? Dr. Carter didnt mention any injuries to your hand. Is it 						serious?  Hardly. I scraped some skin 						off, that is all. Roderick drew away his hand and set it back into his own 						lap. Might we go? I dont care to linger.  The duke grabbed his arm, his 						fingers pinching the wet skin beneath his linen shirt. Will you cease with 						this morbid nonchalance? Youve been missing for twelve days. Twelve! Ive had 						countless men scouring this city since your valet informed me you had never 						returned from your walk that afternoon. Twas only blessed chance the owner 						of the Adelphi had personally delivered yesterdays newspaper into my hands 						knowing that I was paying hordes of men, including the watch and all of its 						marshals, to hunt you down!  Roderick awkwardly glanced 						toward him, trying to understand what type of relationship he had with his 						father. Forgive me for the heartache I have brought you.  The man released his arm. All 						that matters is that you are safe. Were leaving. Do you understand? 						Difficult though it may be for me to accept, given who he is and what he 						meant to your mother, we are done trying to convince Atwood to return with 						us to England. Tis his God-given right to stay behind and lead whatever 						life he chooses.  He sunk farther into his seat in 						utter confusion. Atwood? Who is Atwood?  The dukes eyes widened. He 						jerked toward him, searching his face. You mean you really dont 						remember?  No. I dont.  The man paused, still searching 						his face. But you remember why we left London? Yes?  An eerie feeling clamped his 						gut. No. I dont.  The duke hissed out a breath, 						momentarily closing his eyes, pinching his gloved fingers into his forehead. 						Dr. Carter warned me of your condition, but I How does a man lose all that 						he is in a single breath? Reopening his eyes, he dropped his hand to his 						side and shifted toward him, his features twisting. You do remember me, 						though, yes? Given that you are acknowledging me?  Roderick swallowed. Im sorry 						to say that I dont.  The duke leaned closer toward 						him, bringing with him the tangy scent of cigars, and lowered his voice. 						Try harder, Tremayne. A son should always remember his father. 						Always.  Leaning back against the seat, 						Roderick whispered achingly, Forgive me. It isnt by choice that I cannot 						remember.  His Grace rapidly blinked back 						tears. He glanced away and eventually said in a choked tone, You look 						half-dead. Ill have the valet clean you up when we get to the hotel. We 						will be leaving on the next Red Star Line, which is in ten days time. 						Fortunately, I didnt cancel those tickets.  Snatching up a cane from the 						seat before them with a trembling hand, the duke used the gold head to knock 						on the roof of the carriage before angling it against the seat.  The carriage rolled forward, 						causing Roderick to sway against the sudden movement of the seat. He was 						leaving Georgia behind. She was going out west and he was going God knows 						where with a man he couldnt even remember.  Still in disbelief, he glanced 						toward the rain-sleeked glass window. A fleeting distorted image of Georgia 						rushing out of the tenement and into the rain in bare feet made him sit 						up.  She dashed toward the carriage, 						sliding against the mud, her head appearing well below the window as she 						jumped up in an effort to try to see him. Robinson! she shouted, her small 						bare hand popping up and hitting the glass of the carriage as it slowly 						rolled its way past faster and faster. She darted alongside the carriage to 						keep up, her lopsided, red bundled hair sagging against the downpour. If 						youre not married or involved with any women, come back. If youll have me, 						come back. Ill be here another week before headin west! A sob escaped her 						as she fell back and disappeared, letting the carriage roll away.  His breath caught in his throat 						as the clatter of the wheels and the rushing of rain muted all sound. She 						loved him. He knew everything between them had been real. He knew it 						had.  He jerked toward the man beside 						him. Am I married or involved with any women?  An astonished laugh escaped the 						dukes lips as he glanced away from the window and back toward him. I 						Well You had a mistress you dragged over from Paris to distract 						you from obsessing over your brothers wife, but dismissed the woman when we 						left for New York. Is that what you wanted to know?  He choked. My brothers wife? I 						have a brother? And what do you mean I was obsessing over his wife? Do you 						mean to tell me Im involved with his wife?  The dukes features darkened. 						You had a 						brother, Tremayne. And yes, you were involved with his wife. But that is 						alldone with.  Roderick threw back his head and 						raked his hands through his hair. That is why he was wearing a mourning 						band. The one Georgia had asked him about in Dr. Carters office. The one he 						didnt even remember wearing. Hed been in mourning for his own brother. 						Dearest God. What sort of man beds his own brothers wife? He was an asshole 						and couldnt even remember being one! When would his life be his own and 						feel real? When?  He leveled his head and pushed 						out the breath he was holding. How he prayed Georgia would still love him, 						despite what he had once been, because he wasnt the man his father spoke of 						anymore. He wasnt. Nor would he be again.  Roderick flung the coat from 						himself and jumped toward the door. Stop the carriage. Now.  What for?  Im engaged, he rasped. Now 						stop this carriage.  The duke leaned toward him and 						grabbed his shoulders, shaking him twice. Get ahold of yourself. Those 						brown eyes searched his face. You are not 						engaged.  I am as of this moment. I wish 						to be formally engaged to Mrs. Georgia Emily Milton. The widow of Raymond 						Milton and a woman I simply cannot and will not live without.  The dukes eyes widened. The 						one I just handed gold to? The one Dr. Carter kept telling me was charming 						but next to bloody mad?  If she is mad, Your Grace, then 						the entire world is, too. She took me in and gave me a home and a mind when 						I had none and I am madly in love with her.  His Grace gasped, his aged face 						flushing. Youve only been gone for twelve days. Not twelve 					years.  Time means nothing when two 						souls are perfectly matched. Now I am asking that you stop this carriage so 						that I may bring my fiance home with me.  The dukes brown eyes intently 						held his gaze. You may not remember who and what you are but that does not 						change who and what you once were and what you must continue to be. 						You are the 						sole heir to a dukedom. Do you understand? This woman has no place in your 						world and I will not permit you to degrade yourself and all that we 						represent.  Roderick swayed, fighting the 						nausea seizing him. I will set aside everything to make her my wife. I 						will. Even you. Even my name. Let there be no doubt in that.  The duke narrowed his gaze and 						pointed at him rigidly with a black-gloved finger. If you go against me in 						this, Yardley, I will strip you of everything, including your yearly 						annuity, and you will be left with nothing. Is that what you 					want?  Roderick let out a shaky breath 						and forced more power into his voice. I am not leaving her behind. Im 						not.  The duke dropped his hand to his 						thigh and lowered his shaven chin against his knotted silk cravat. After a 						long moment, he confided, When you marry, Tremayne, it will be a woman 						worthy of your name and your status. Not this. Notthis.  Roderick shifted toward him. 						She is 						worthy. Upon all that I am, I swear to you, she is.  The duke stared at him. You 						arent even in your own damn mind anymore, boy. The duke waved toward the 						rain-slathered window revealing distorted dilapidated wood buildings. I 						take it this is Park Lane to you now?  Roderick shifted his jaw. Do 						not mistake what she and I share. You know nothing of it.  The duke closed his eyes as if 						unable to look at him anymore and said in a barely contained voice, Leave 						her here and dont complicate your life or mine. I will not say it again. I 						would sooner disown you than see you marry into a mess.  Roderick was more ready to fling 						himself into the arms of poverty and allow his hands to bleed every day on 						the hour knowing Georgia would be there to kiss it all away, but he 						refused to 						let Georgia live in the poverty that had quietly eaten away not only her 						pride, but the faith she had in herself as a woman and as a human being. He 						would change her life knowing that he was of status and of wealth and in 						time prove to this staunch man that Georgia deserved far more than 						dirt.  Roderick leaned toward him and 						said in a tone that he hoped was rational and persuasive, Ill take her to 						London, then. As my mistress.  Tremayne, for Gods 						sake  Are you informing me I am not 						permitted to take a wife or a mistress?  The duke gaped. You mean to 						actually drag this woman all the way to London?  Yes. Now pray convey, what is 						the amount of this yearly annuity you spoke of earlier? I must ensure she 						has everything. And I do mean everything. In this, I will not desist. I am 						not leaving without her. Im not.  Those brown eyes hardened, no 						longer allowing for sympathy. Your annuity is nine thousand a year, not 						including what you inherited from your brother. It should be more than 						enough, unless she plans to eat a barrel of gold on the hour.  Roderick stared him down. There 						is no need for you to insult her. Now stop this carriage so that I may fetch 						her. Unless, of course, you prefer I altogether stay and abandon my duty to 						you and my name. Because I will. Do you think it matters if I live in a sty 						knowing my heart is feasting like a king? Better mud than death to what 						little remains of my mind and my heart.  The duke lowered his gaze, his 						gloved hand visibly trembling as he reached out and grabbed hold of his 						cane, yanking it up with a single sweep. You and your heart will be the 						death of us both. Christ, do you ever remind me of myself in my younger 						years. Tis a curse, is what. He hit the roof twice with the gold head of 						that cane, causing the carriage to slow, and glanced toward him. I am 						trusting your word in this, Tremayne. Respectable men take on mistresses all 						the time, but they dont bloody marry them. Is that understood? That will change. Yes, Your Grace.  Roderick reached out and swung 						down on the latch, flinging open the carriage door. Without waiting for the 						carriage to come to a complete halt, he jumped out into the pelting, 						whipping rain, bracing himself against the still-moving road beneath him. He 						stumbled against the hard impact of the slippery mud beneath his boots, 						sliding against the thick mud.  Regaining his balance, he turned 						around and squinted against the rain-hazed street. In the distance, he could 						see Georgia had already turned and was walking in the opposite direction. As 						the rain came down harder, she gathered up her soaked skirts and sprinted 						away, kicking up a trail of mud and water. Georgia! Hundreds of icelike droplets poured down so rapidly 						he could hardly see as he pumped his arms and legs through the mucked mud 						squelching against every rapid movement.  You there! the duke shouted 						out to one of the marshals. Follow him! Lest he altogether 					drown.  Roderick sprinted onward toward 						Georgia, charging through puddles. Arctic spatters of water rose up time and 						time again, soaking his trousers and boots more and more. He gnashed his 						teeth as numbness slowly overtook his body.  The hooves of a horse trembled 						the ground, following him, as Georgia disappeared around a corner where 						another mud street crossed.  Georgia! Roderick dodged 						oncoming carts and carriages as people stepped out from beneath the eaves of 						buildings to watch him dash. He sucked in breath after breath, pumping his 						legs faster and faster until he turned the corner, momentarily sliding to 						make the turn.  He spotted her disappearing 						through a narrow stone archway of a stone wall stretching almost the length 						of the street. Gigantic green-leafed oak trees flourished on the other side 						of the old wall that hid a looming, abandoned church beyond.  Georgia! he yelled above the 						rain.  Glancing back toward the lone 						uniformed man on his horse, which was splashing torrents of mud, Robinson 						pointed the marshal toward the church and direction he was going, before 						dashing through the narrow stone archway where Georgia had 						disappeared.  The rain vanished as a canopy of 						large branches sheltered him from the downpour. The rushing silence pulsed 						against his ears as a decrepit, perpendicular-style church towered before 						him within the small courtyard. He swiped away the water from his face and 						glanced around, finding only quiet, crooked gravestones and mossy grounds 						bordered by stone walls. It was as if Georgia had never been.  Georgia? He jogged through the 						old churchyard, scanning the empty courtyard. Occasional drops of rain 						dripped through the branches of the trees, the eerie silence making him 						wonder if these grounds had ever been touched by the living.  A small ivy-covered stone crypt, 						separate from the church, made him pause. The mildewed stone had markings 						that had faded against time and its black iron gate had been left wide 						open.  He made his way through the open 						gate. Small mossy steps appeared, leading down into what appeared to be a 						small pool of water hidden deep within. He stepped down and into the 						shadowed darkness. Cool, stale air pushed up from the bottom, as if the 						crypt were breathing.  Georgia? he called, his voice 						echoing around him. Robinson? a choked voice echoed back.  Relief frilled his soaked body. 						Step by step, he made his way down toward her, the moist air growing heavier 						as rotting wood filled his nostrils. Shafts of gray light from the outside 						world illuminated the scaly, dark walls covered with dead ivy and 						moss.  Georgias shadowed figure 						kneeled before him at the very last step that disappeared into what appeared 						to be murky water. She glanced up at him, a soft gray line of light exposing 						only the right half of her wet face. I didnt think Id see you 						again.  He stepped toward her, tension 						and frustration knotting his muscles knowing that she thought so little of 						herself to not only have almost given up on them, but that she would also 						feel the need to lurk in the shadows of a crypt like some ghost. I am 						absolutely livid, Georgia, knowing that the moment you realized you 						were the pauper and I the king, you knelt upon broken glass even as I 						offered you the means to carry you over it. You will never kneel like that 						before me or anyone else again, allowing your dignity and all that matters 						to you to bleed. Do you understand me? Always be the woman I know you to be. 						Be the one who wishes to go west when everyone else is going south. For that 						is the only 						woman I could ever allow myself to love. Because I need a woman to do more 						than love me. I need a woman willing to fight for me even when I am unable 						to fight for myself.  She lowered her gaze and half 						nodded, but said nothing.  He swallowed, trying to calm 						himself. My real name is Viscount Roderick Gideon Tremayne, though I also 						appear to go by yet another name. Yardley. I wanted you to know that. For 						maybe now you will have me.  She glanced up.  In truth, he went on, I much 						prefer being Robinson. For he, at least, was a good man. One I relate to. 						He let out a shaky breath and stepped closer until he was at her side. He 						crouched alongside her. What are you doing in here? Tis 					morbid.  She touched a finger to the 						water at her feet. I always come here.  He glanced toward her but could 						barely see the soft, hazy outline of her face. Why?  Its been my sanctuary for 						years, she admitted, her voice drifting and echoing around them. When Da 						was still alive, he told me every time we passed this way, that the water 						sittin in this crypt could foretell the future if one had the patience to 						stare at its reflection long enough. Daft though it may be, Ive been 						starin at the water since.  Roderick gazed down at the water 						below their feet, seeing only the blurred, darkened outline of their 						figures. Has it ever foretold anything of worth?  A harsh laugh escaped her. Yes. 						It would seem my future is bleak and undefined as the water 					itself.  Roderick leaned toward her and 						cupped a hand beneath her warm chin, turning her shadowed face to him with 						chilled fingertips. She lifted her gaze to his and he felt himself melting 						away. Your future is so much brighter than you think. He released her chin 						and gestured toward the water. I ask that you tell me what you 					see.  She paused. I dont see a 						thing.  Yes, you do, he insisted, 						pointing at the water before her. No matter how distorted or shadowed the 						reflection may be, I ask that you look and tell me what you see.  She paused, shifting against the 						wall of the crypt. I see the dark outline of my face.  Exactly. He rose to his feet. 						You are your own future, Georgia, which is probably what your father was 						trying to say. Because no one can foretell it in the way you can. Sometimes, 						we become victims of misfortune and the mistakes we bring upon ourselves, 						but even then, we have the right to fight for what will be. Why do you 						think I am standing here before you? Because you willed it and because I 						willed it. We made our future by chasing it when it mattered 						most.  He continued to watch the fuzzy, 						darkened outline of her face. I will admit that whilst I stand here and 						lecture you, I bear my own burdens I have yet to comprehend and face. He 						swallowed. If I were to tell you that in my former life I was a bastard of 						the worst sort, would you still embrace me for what you now know me to 						be?  She stared at him. Whatever did 						your father tell you? Or did youremember it on your own?  My father told me and I sense 						it all to be true. I am unmarried, which is a blessing, to be sure, but it 						would seem I was romantically involved with my brothers wife. I am no more, 						but I was.  Georgia rose to her feet and 						turned toward him. The shaft of gray light from the outside world 						illuminated the other half he had not earlier seen. The Robinson I know 						would have never done such a thing.  His throat tightened. I 						know.  She sighed, glancing away. What 						fools you and I make. You, who seeks to remember a past that is best 						forgotten, and I, who seek to create a lofty future that is as ridiculous as 						I. We ought to both be hanged.  Roderick stepped back, sensing 						she was already pulling away from him due to what he had so honestly 						confided. I would understand if you no longer wish to associate with 						me.  She was quiet for a moment and 						met his gaze. What do you really want for us, Robinson? Be 					honest.  He stepped toward her. In ten 						days, I leave for England. Come with me. I want you to share in everything I 						have for the rest of our lives whilst we learn to love each other more. That 						is what I want. Say you will go with me.  She gawked at him. You want me 						to go to England?  Yes. To London, in particular. 						That is where my former life appears to be. London? She feigned a laugh. Twould be like throwin a 						wee Irish pebble out into vast Brit water and watchin it sink on impact. 						Im not exactly what you would call respectable society. Even I know that. 						Arent most Brits Protestant? Im bloody Catholic. Emphasis on the 						bloody.  Does it matter? You will learn 						to become one of us and earn their respect. Just as you learned how to read 						and write despite barely holding up a quill.  And what if I disappoint you? 						What if I cant learn to be anythin more than what I already 					am?  The ache within his chest only 						seemed to grow with his need for her. You could never disappoint me, 						Georgia. Wealth is meaningless if its holder has no integrity. And you have 						enough integrity to fill not only my heart but an entire 					kingdom.  She searched his face, her 						features softening. Do you mean that?  I do, and only hope that my 						former life doesnt disillusion you or hurt you because I have no idea what 						awaits us in England. None.  As long as you continue to be 						the man standin before me, Ill stand beside you.  He stared at her in disbelief. 						You will come? Regardless of whatever my past holds?  She nodded. Yes.  He swallowed. I 					Why?  Because I have faith youll not 						disappoint me or yourself. I have faith youve already learned how to be a 						better man but have yet to see it yourself.  He softened his voice, honored 						to no end that he had somehow earned the love of such an incredible woman. 						I vow that you will never regret having faith in me.  She eyed him and intoned 						half-seriously, Theyd better have apple trees in London, Robinson. Or you 						and I are finished. You got that?  A gruff laugh escaped him. I 						will have them shipped in and planted in the front yard the moment we arrive 						to ensure we last. He held out his hand. Come. Let us not stand here in 						the shadows of a crypt.  She hesitated and slid her cool 						fingers into his own. Whatever shall I call you? Roderick?  No. Call me Robinson. For I am 						he at heart. He tightened his hold on that hand and led her up the small 						stone steps of the crypt and out past the gate leading them back into the 						churchyard. Georgia. There is something else you must know. Something that 						will complicate our lives.  She glanced toward him, her 						bundled wet hair hanging adorably lopsided. What?  He fingered her small, calloused 						hand, thankful she would never touch another pail again. Though I am 						wealthy, I cannot sever my fathers favor, for in doing so, I would be 						sending us both into poverty. As such, we cannot marry until I am able to 						prove your worth to my father. Is that something you can accept given that 						we might not be able to marry for what may be months? Or 					evenyears?  She enthusiastically shook his 						hand. Dont you worry. Ill prove my worth. However long it takes. She 						poked at him. But youll have to teach me how to be a lady, in 						turn.  You are a lady.  She rolled her eyes. Dont you 						be givin me that. I know what I am, and if were goin to impress your 						father, were goin to have to work piss hard.  He laughed. I suggest we start 						by having you use more respectable language. If you think I offend easily, 						the duke offends worse. He brought her hand up to his lips, kissing her 						hand. Now come. My father awaits.  She paused, bringing them both 						to a halt and gesturing toward her soaked gown and muddied bare feet. I 						cant meet him like this.  He scanned her gown, which clung 						almost indecently to the curves of her small breasts. I rather like what 						youre wearing.  She smacked his shoulder. For 						all the wrong reasons, you rake.  Right you are. He grinned, 						tugging her by the hand toward the entrance where one of the marshals still 						stood waiting. He called out to the man, Inform His Grace that I will be 						escorting Mrs. Milton back to her tenement, so she might properly dress 						before our departure.  The man inclined his head and 						disappeared into the rushing rain beyond the wall.  Roderick tugged her forward. 						Come. Patience is not a virtue of this man who is apparently my father. 						Whilst you put on a new dress, I will stall for time and poke about his 						character to better understand what we are up against.  She drew them both to a halt. 						Ill have to do more than pull on a dress. I have to wash my feet and 						pack.  Pack?  Yes. I have all of my pots, 						cups, plates, linens and such. Im also not about to leave my box in the 						wall for the next person to find. Theres a good ninety-eight dollars and 						ninety-six cents we can make use of. Not to mention all of the gold coins 						your father gave me. Were goin to need it.  Roderick drew closer, bringing 						her cool, callus-roughened hand up to his lips again. He kissed it several 						times, allowing the warmth of his lips to seep into that skin, and said 						mockingly, I am heir to a dukedom, my dear. Do you know what that means? Or 						do you need me to expound it?  She scrunched her nose. It 						means I dont need to pack. Is that what that means?  Exactly. Only pack your 						clothes, as there wont be time to properly clothe you until we get to 						London. Leave everything else of worth to Matthew. Especially the money. He 						could use it.  She gasped. Im not leavin 						that bastard my money.  Roderick leaned toward her. 						Georgia. Just imagine what one hundred and ninety-eight dollars and 						ninety-six cents will buy us, given how much Matthew has done for us for a 						mere four and forty dollars, what with him running around to banks, letting 						me grope his stepmother and even giving me clothes?  She gawked up at him. Hed bend 						over for all of England wearin a smile, is what.  He grinned. Exactly. And the 						more friends you and I have supporting our union, the more likely everything 						will fall into place.      The only thing that stops God from 						sending forth a second Flood is that the first 						one was useless. Nicolas Chamfort,Caractres et anecdotes 						(1771) DRESSED IN HER BEST SUNDAY gown, which shed stitched 						herself with great pride, Georgia pushed out a breath and glanced around her 						tenement one last time, lingering in the small kitchen of what used to be 						her life. Smoothing her still-damp hair, which shed assembled into a coif 						she hoped looked respectable, she wandered over to the small wood table and 						emptied the contents of her box upon it for Matthew to find.  Leaving the box open, she 						hurried to the wall and reached up and over the doorless cupboard for her 						mothers rosary, lifting the wooden beads off the nail. She kissed them, 						thanking the Lord in heaven for all of her blessings, and let the beads fold 						down and into a pile at the bottom of the box before pressing the wood lid 						back into place.  Aside from all of her gowns, 						which shed bundled up in a large sack, her fathers box and her mothers 						rosary were the only things she cared to keep of the life she was leaving 						behind. One day, when her own children were old enough for stories, she 						would show them the roots of her past and take pride in it for what it was. 						Tucking the box into the wool sack, she knotted the material into itself to 						hold it closed.  She slid the brass key off the 						table, grabbed up her sack and opened the door, stepping outside. After 						turning the key in the lock, she pulled it out and sighed. No more worrying 						about counting pennies. Imagine that.  She lingered before the door, 						touching the well-worn wood panel one last time with the hand holding her 						key and hoped that the path she had chosen for herself would be everything 						she had dreamed of and more.  Youre leaving, arent 						you?  She jumped and whirled toward 						John, who lingered in the open door of his own tenement. His darkened blond 						hair was matted against his forehead from the rain he had yet to dry from. 						His shirt and trousers were still as wet as the rest of him.  She drifted over to his side of 						the door, bringing her sack against her hip, and paused before him. Who 						needs the west when I found all four corners of the world in one 						man?  He folded his arms over his 						chest, lowering his gaze. Im sorry about yesterday. I swallowed too much 						whiskey.  She sighed. Id rather we not 						even talk about it. Im on my way out. I need to drop off this here key to 						one of the neighbors and leave instructions for Matthew.  John held out his hand. Ill do 						it for you.  She rolled her eyes. Im not 						givin it to you.  Hell get it.  She pointed at him with the key. 						Do you promise to deliver this with the right instructions?  Aye. He set his hand against 						his chest. Upon me mums grave and soul. That I swear.  Knowing his mother had once 						meant everything to him, Georgia sighed and held out the key. Tell Matthew 						to cancel the room, unless he wants the cheaper lease, and inform him that 						everythin I left behind is his to do with as he pleases. He also needs to 						gather the laundry from the front room, and take it over to the priests over 						on Barclay, Mott, Sheriff and Ann lest they arrest us all for stealin their 						shirts and trousers.  She drew in a breath and let it 						out. Tell him that although Ill miss him in a morbid sort of way, that 						Ill not write, because Im goin into respectable society and cant be 						associatin with thieves. He knows Ive always felt that way, even prior to 						Robinson, so it shouldnt surprise him.  John hesitated, reached out and 						slid the key from her hand. Ill tell him. He shifted closer toward her 						and lingered, the scent of rain and must clinging to his skin and clothes. 						Take care of yourself.  Oh, I will. She stepped back, 						cradling her sack up and against her chest. One last thing. It involves 						you.  He quirked a blond brow. 						What?  Remember my good friend Agnes 						Meehan? The one with the bright blue eyes that always lingered about your 						mothers door a few years back?  His grin faded. What about 						her?  She still isnt married, 						despite her fathers grumblings. I know you once had a hot eye for her 						before she moved west. Get the address from her cousin and buy yourself a 						stagecoach ticket.  I doubt she even remembers 						me.  I bet you she does. In the last 						letter, she asked about whether or not you were still lookin to 						marry.  He glanced up, eyeing her. When 						was her last letter?  She bit back a smile. A month 						ago. She leaned toward him and poked his chest. Just stay away from the 						whiskey and razors thinkin itll impress her. Because it wont.  He reached out his other hand 						and skimmed her arm, his features twisting. Im sorry, Georgia. I didnt 						mean to make a mess of things. I just Grabbing her, he yanked her hard 						against himself, awkwardly squelching the sack between them. He buried his 						wet head into the curve of her shoulder.  She stiffened but realized the 						poor man was only looking for comfort. She wrapped an arm around him, 						adjusting the sack between them, and patted his back with her free hand, her 						fingers sticking to his wet linen shirt. There, there. I forgive you. So go 						on and forgive yourself.  He nodded against her shoulder, 						tightening his hold.  Footfalls bounded up the stairs 						and paused on the landing somewhere off to the side.  Sensing it was Robinson, she 						stepped outside the embrace and pointed at John one last time. Write Agnes. 						Dont sit about Orange Street waitin for somethin better to come along, 						because it wont. We Irish have to align our own stars given that everyone 						else seems to think they own the goddamn sky.  Right you are in that. He 						nudged his shaven chin out in the direction beyond her. I suggest you 						leave. Your Brit is waiting. John held up the key, assuring her Matthew 						would get it, and put up a hand in farewell, before quietly disappearing 						into his tenement. Lowering his gaze, he shut the door.  Georgia lingered, hoping John 						would someday know happiness. With a sigh, she swiveled toward the direction 						of the stairs and hurried toward Robinson with her sack. We can 					go.  Robinson met her gaze. You 						cannot be holding men like that anymore, Georgia.  Her brows rose. She jerked to a 						halt and thumbed toward Johns direction. I barely kicked that one to the 						pavement. Dont you be next.  He glanced away, adjusting the 						wet linen shirt that clung to his wide chest. This isnt about jealousy. In 						my circle, from what little I do remember, men and women do not touch each 						other like that unless they are married. And even when they are married, 						such things are only done in the confines and privacy of their home. I just 						dont want my father to judge you.  Her heart sank knowing that most 						likely his father might never accept them. But at least they would be together 						and in each others arms every day and every night. I 					understand.  Good. He cleared his throat. 						I actually came up here to clarify some etiquette before I formally 						introduce you to my father. When you and I are alone, you may freely call me 						Robinson, but in the presence of others, especially my father, you must 						refer to me as my lord or Lord Tremayne. It is a sign of respect. Will 						you be able to remember that?  Of course. You are Robinson 						when we are alone and my lord or Lord Tremayne when we are 					not.  Very good. Whenever you speak 						to my father, regardless of whether you and he are alone or in the presence 						of a thousand, always refer to him as Your Grace.  She blinked. As in the 						grace of 						God?  Yes.  Isnt that a bit 						sacrilegious?  He let out a laugh. I suppose 						it is. Tis something we will both have to swallow. The man is staunch and 						therefore youll need to play into his idea of respectability when in his 						presence.  You mean you want me to act 						like this? Thrusting out her chin, she stiffly held out both hands before 						her, ensuring her sack didnt fall from her hand, and wobbled about for him 						from side to side.  He leveled her with a stare. 						Are you being serious?  She laughed, hitting his arm 						with her free hand. I was tuggin your rope. I know exactly what you 						mean.  He laughed and dabbed her nose 						with a cold finger. I want you to spend as much time with my father as 						possible. That way, he will get to know you for the queen that you are. Make 						your time with him count. Do you think you can impress him with intelligent 						conversation devoid of all things crass?  Of course I can. Ive seen 						plenty of upper-circle women converse with upper-circle gentlemen over on 						Broadway. Watch. Georgia regally set her chin, softened her lips and kept 						her features calm and poised. Demurely meeting his gaze, she intoned in her 						best prim and most civilized voice, I do believe I shall faint from 						displeasure knowin this foul weather is goin to ruin not only my lace 						parasol but my bonnet. Robinson boomed with laughter, 						his features twisting in merriment. He staggered backward, bumping against 						the wall behind him, before falling forward again. He laughed and laughed 						and laughed until there were actually tears emerging from the corners of his 						eyes.  She blinked. By Joseph, shed 						never seen him laugh so hard and couldnt help but feel offended knowing 						that her best attempt at being civilized was being mocked. Did I do it 						wrong?  Still laughing, he waved toward 						her face with a forefinger as if attempting to rearrange her features and 						choked out, That wasnt exactly what I callintelligent 						conversation.  It wasnt that bad.  Oh, yes, it was. Dont ever do 						that again. Still laughing, he yanked the sack from her arms and held out 						his other hand. Come. The marshals guarding the carriage are soaked to the 						skin and my father is as restless as they are. Even worse, people are 						gathering out of curiosity.  Grasping his hand, she quickly 						followed him down the stairs and out into the rain, which had lessened to a 						soft mist. She nervously gathered her beige cotton skirts, lifting them 						above her ankle boots to keep them from touching the mud. Clean. She had to 						stay clean.  Just as she was about to step 						off the pavement, Robinson grabbed hold of her waist and scooped her up and 						into his arms, balancing her and the sack all in one sweep. Oh! 						Her heart skipped as she grabbed on to his soaked coat to steady herself 						within his muscled arms. She glanced up at his well-stubbled face, which 						hovered barely above her own. Whatever are you doin? I can carry myself, 						you know.  Im ensuring you dont touch 						the mud.  She grinned. Where, oh, where 						have you been all my life? You could have saved many a gown for 					me.  He grinned, in turn. I regret 						not having been able to arrive into your life sooner, madam, but I intend to 						save every last one of your gowns from here on out. Carrying her toward the 						open door of the carriage, he leaned her up and toward the landing within 						the carriage, righting her effortlessly.  The familiar scent of mulled 						spice and cedar tugged at her senses from the interior. It reminded her of 						when shed first met Robinson on the street. It smelled like him.  Catching herself against the 						doorway, she hurried in and plopped herself onto an incredibly plush, soft 						seat opposite a stiff, aged man with silvery hair that had been swept back 						with tonic.  The duke adjusted his 						well-fitted black coat about himself and leaned back against the upholstered 						seat as if to better observe her.  Noting those handsome, rather 						kind brown eyes intently scanning her face and gown, she primly arranged her 						best Sunday dress about herself, ensuring that it covered her 					ankles.  She smiled brightly, placing her 						bare hands on her lap atop each other, as shed seen wealthy women do whilst 						riding about in their open carriages, and offered, Good mornin, Your 						Grace. I apologize for makin you wait. Tis a pleasure to make your 						acquaintance and I appreciate your generosity in allowin me to come. 						There. That was certainly polite enough without slathering too much honey 						all over the man.  Holding her gaze, the duke 						inclined his silvery head toward her, but said nothing.  At least she got the incline of 						a head and a direct look in the eye. That was far more than she was used to 						getting when heading into shops with placards in the window saying 						No Irish Need Apply.  The carriage gently swayed as 						Robinsons tall, muscled frame entered. He bent forward to prevent his head 						from hitting the velvet-pleated ceiling above them and seated himself beside 						his father, directly across from her, as the door to the carriage was 						slammed shut by the footman. Robinson leaned forward and set her sack beside 						her on the seat, tucking it deep into the corner. Leaning back again, he set 						his broad shoulders and cleared his throat, holding her gaze as if preparing 						her for a very long and very separate journey ahead.   She gathered by the way he had 						opted to sit next to his father, instead of her, that a man was not supposed to sit 						anywhere near a lady whilst in a carriage. She had a niggling feeling that 						there were several thousand unspoken rules she had yet to learn. And here 						she thought wealthy women had it easy.  Georgia paused and glanced 						around the lavish space of the carriage. Tut, tut, tut, was it ever fancy. 						One could turn it into a harem given that every inch of its walls and 						ceiling was fastened with gray velvet.  The carriage rolled ahead, 						jerking her far forward and toward them. She squeaked, popping both hands 						out, and caught the edge of the seat to keep herself from spilling forward 						altogether. She gargled out a laugh in response to her own squeak and slid 						farther back against the cushioned seat, rearranging her skirts. I about 						fell off my seat with that one. Youd think theyd warn a woman with a bell 						or somethin. Unlike you boys sittin in flaps and trousers, I got a full 						set of skirts that couldve damn well left me showin nothin but arse over 						turkey. And that certainly wouldnt have been good.  Robinson pressed a rigid hand to 						his mouth and glanced away, shifting toward the glass window at his elbow. 						He closed his eyes.  Oh, no. She had said 						arse, 						hadnt she?  She leaned back awkwardly 						against the upholstered seat and set her chin, feeling her cheeks growing 						unbearably warm. She glanced toward the duke, whose gray brows were still 						lifted toward his hairline. Forgive me, Your Grace. My mouth has yet to 						fully kiss the true meanin of bein civilized.  The duke leaned over toward 						Robinson, who still sat with his hand over his mouth. Oh, London will be 						impressed with this one.  Robinson dropped his hand 						heavily into his lap and blew out an exasperated breath. London be damned. 						What do they know about good character?  Georgia pressed her lips 						together, knowing Robinson was nobly defending her. Drat his father. If the 						old man thought she couldnt be all boring and civilized like him, he had 						yet to see Georgia Emily Milton at her finest. Shed put every last woman in 						London to shame even if it meant biting her tongue until it bled, because 						she was marrying her Robinson and getting her field and her apple trees. 					        Even God cannot change the 						past. Agathon, Nicomachean Ethics 						(Aristotle) (as published in 1566) The Adelphi 					Hotel I LEFT EVERYTHING UNTOUCHED. 						Everything. The duke gestured toward the large suite beyond the open door. 						Mock me for being sentimental, but I was so panicked about your 						disappearance that I felt if the servants touched even the bed, it would 						prohibit your return.  Gripping the frame of the 						doorway, Roderick leaned in and scanned the overly decadent French-inspired 						room. A sizable four-poster bed had been done up with mounds of sterling 						white coverlets and goose-down pillows. No more chairs, thank God. A 						mahogany table was set off to the side, laden with piles of books. A chair 						beside it had also been laden with books. This explained all of the stories 						and words in his head. He apparently had a fancy for literature.  Though he tried to envision and 						match at least one of those items in his head and remember what this room 						might have meant to him, nothing came. Not a whisper and most certainly not 						a shout. Just beyond that table, a towering wardrobe and several open trunks 						revealed far more clothing than any one man really needed. And there was not 						one, but three walnut lacquered sideboards that had been tucked 						against the palomino walls with a mirror over each. Every sideboard had 						everything he needed to attend to his appearance as well as many daily 						comforts and extravagances. From tonic to brandy.  He paused, his gaze falling on 						several crystal decanters of port and brandy alongside matching glasses all 						perfectly lining the top of the main sideboard. It appeared he liked to 						drink.  Roderick glanced back at his 						father. How long have we been renting here? And what have we been doing 						with our time?  His fathers gray brows came 						together. You and I have been renting several rooms for about seven months 						now and spent most of our hours investigating leads and interviewing 						debauched areas and souls I would rather forget. A breath escaped his 						fathers lips. Your disappearance was unnerving. I didnt know if it was 						related to Atwoods circle of people or because something else had 						happened.  Rodericks brows came together. 						Who is this Atwood you keep referring to?  The duke smiled, his eyes 						unexpectedly brightening. Once you have been properly tended to and settled 						in, we will talk more and get you reacquainted with your life. The man set 						his aged shaven chin and turned toward Georgia, who lingered quietly in the 						corridor behind them. Follow me. There is no need for you to linger about 						this corridor. The duke paused and flippantly tossed back at him, I had 						the footman assign her to room eight and twenty. That will ensure she is 						within your reach whenever you feel the need to call on her.  Roderick drew in a ragged breath 						in agitation, feeling both his honor and Georgias being slapped. And this 						was just the beginning. Whilst I appreciate the arrangement, Your Grace, I 						ask that you not insinuate before her or myself that her only purpose is one 						suited to a bed.  The man pointed at him with a 						gloved finger. I am merely laying out your own cards, boy. So dont you be 						tossing pawns at me. Mrs. Milton? This way, if you please.  Setting both gloved hands behind 						his back, the duke stalked down the length of the corridor. He disappeared 						down one of the adjoining corridors.  Georgia, whod been staring at 						the duke in what appeared to be genuine fascination, also set her hands 						behind her back. Swiveling on her heel, she strode after the duke, her 						skirts rustling about her extended long strides in a flurry as she 						replicated the mans gait right down to the bloody stagger.  What was she doing? Georgia? 						he called out.  She swung back toward him, those 						hands still set behind her back. Yes?  Ive never seen you walk like 						that. What the hell are you doing?  She set both hands on her hips. 						Observation is key, my dear Robinson. One must first learn what 						not to do 						before one can learn what they ought to do.  His brows came together. That 						makes no sense whatsoever. Adhere to only what you should be 					doing.  Oh, youre no fun at all. She 						eyed him and lowered her voice. Do all men of status walk around like 						that?  He blinked. Walk around like 						what?  She thumbed toward the direction 						the duke had disappeared to and then staunchly set her chin and brow, 						marching in place with her chest thrust forth. Its like hes marchin 						straight into the pissin mouth of hell but is damn proud of it.  Oh, God. He was going to have to 						hire several hundred women to instruct her on how to bite that tongue, or 						twenty years would pass before his father would ever accept her.  He angled toward her. I adore 						you to no end, Georgia, you know I do, but can you please not say 						piss, hell 						and damn, 						let alone use them all in one sentence? Tis incredibly important you mind your 						tongue or the man will never learn to see past it.  She blinked, deflating her 						overexaggerated stance, and blurted, Im sorry. Youre right. She nodded 						and eyed him, playing with the tips of her fingers. Robinson?  He smiled, sensing she was 						unusually anxious. Aside from taming crass words, he offered, just be 						yourself. There is no need for you to panic. Im not going 					anywhere.  It isnt that.  What, then?  She hesitated, then lifted her 						gaze to his and whispered in a tone as if she feared the world would hear, 						I love you. I really do. And I cant believe youre takin me with 						you.  His breath hitched at hearing 						those words for the first time. And I love you. I couldnt imagine leaving 						you behind.  They lingered in the silence of 						the corridor, intently and heatedly staring each other down. He could feel 						her eyes and her stance caressing the length of his body and soul and 						inwardly yearned to make that caress real.  Knowing he shouldnt linger, 						lest he make a dash for her and make a mess of all that he hoped for her and 						them, he cleared his throat and tried to sound indifferent. After you 						settle into your room, shall we meet over a late breakfast? He playfully 						lowered his voice. I have no doubt the food from here on out will be 						free.  She giggled, her features 						brightening. Free is a price I can always afford. Late breakfast, it is. I 						should go. Lest your father think me rude. Turning, she swept down the 						remaining length of the corridor in her beige stitched gown, her corseted 						hips swaying with the unexpected grace of a woman in full possession of not 						only her body but the world.  He drew in a ragged breath, 						watching those hips. Now that was a walk he could watch all day.  She paused, as if sensing him 						watching her. Angling back toward him, she smiled and offered a sultry 						glance over her shoulder, which softened her features and those bright, 						mischievous green eyes. I might as well say this whilst were still alone. 						She lowered her voice. My room or yours tonight? And what time? Im feelin 						rather amorous, if you know what I mean.  His pulse throttled against his 						ears just thinking about making her gasp beneath the movement of his body 						and his lust. He edged toward the safety of his room, whose door was still 						open, knowing they couldnt and they shouldnt and therefore they wouldnt. 						Damn his insufferable need to make her respectable at the cost of his own 						sanity. We cant.  Her brows came together. Why 						not?  Only Georgia would need an 						explanation. I He hissed out a breath in disbelief as to what he was 						about to say. She needed her respectability for it was the only form of 						dignity he was going to be able to bestow upon her. Desire and lust held no 						place in this. Not at the cost of her worth. We will reserve all intimacy 						for when we marry. Tis best.  Her eyes widened. But that may 						take months.  Fighting his own angst, he 						nodded. I know. I simply refuse to turn you into the mistress my father 						expects you to be. We already know what we want and need of each other. That 						isnt what this discussion is about.  He cleared his throat, trying to 						stay focused. What we did over on Orange Street should have never happened. 						You deserve more than that and I intend to ensure it doesnt happen again. I 						want others to respect you in the same way I do.  She fully faced him with her 						hands on her hips. You expect us towait until others approve of 						us?  Yes.  What if no one ever approves of 						us? What then?  They will.  No. They wont. Not in the way 						you want it, at least. I know what I am, Robinson, and they know what I am, 						and Ill never be able to change that even if I never bed you 					again.  Georgia, please. He stared her 						down. A relationship can be founded outside a bed, despite what youve been 						taught to believe over in the Five Points. We will survive this and I will 						prove you wrong.  She gasped. Dont you dare 						lecture me about the foundations of a relationship! I know what a bed is for 						and what is shared in it. I also know what happens when nothin is shared in 						it. She marched back toward him, fiercely holding his gaze as if he had 						best prepare himself for the worst. Im not settlin for anythin less than 						all of you. You hear?  God save him. She was like a 						blazing fire and he the log. He shifted closer toward her. This isnt 						Orange Street anymore, Georgia. Your world as you know it and all of the 						rules have changed. Just as you did everything within your means to prevent 						me from 						getting dirked by pistol-toting bastards, I am now doing everything in my 						means to prevent you from getting dirked from moral-toting 						bastards.  She glared up at him. Whilst I 						agreed to put on a jig and a show for the world to clap along to, I didnt 						agree to sell my soul to a man whos goin to lecture me on the sins 						bestowed unto us by Adam and bloody Eve. She pinned him with a 						self-righteous stare. Last night, you asked about the dancin hole and what 						it meant to me.  He blinked, half expecting her 						to say more, but when she didnt, he prompted, Yes?  Im ready to tell you. She 						thrust out a reprimanding hip. Does respectable society allow for intimate 						conversations? Or is that banned, too?  Her words stung, and the 						bewitching devil that she was, she knew it. He shifted toward her. You can 						always 						share in an intimate conversation with me. That is far different than us 						sharing a bed.  Theyre actually one of the 						same, you prude. Only one involves the body and the other involves the soul, 						linkin the two together and makin them one. And regardless of what you and 						respectable 						society may think, she now shouted, pointing toward herself and then the 						floor, I need both to call this a bloody 					relationship!  Gritting his teeth, he snapped a 						finger to the open door of his room at the insult. Given that you clearly 						wish to keep talking well above a rational tone, I demand you step into my 						room. Because I am not about to let you make a strumpet of yourself like 						this in public.  Her lips parted. She slowly 						stepped back, searching his face. Youre not my Robinson. I dont know who 						you are.  His gut twisted. I am still the 						same man, Georgia. What you dont seem to understand, however, is that men 						of my status do not go about bedding women outside of matrimony. Do I need 						to tell you what people will whisper about you? Do I?  She kept on shaking her head 						from side to side, tears welling her eyes. Tis obvious youve got two 						opposin voices in your head. One belongin to my Robinson and the other to 						thisthisTremayne. But you cant be both, Robinson. You cant. Because 						theyre not the same men. What Robinson wants for me is what 						I want for 						me. Love with every breath, laughter when everythin is dire, kindness above 						all else and never-endin honesty even when the world has none. As for what 						this Tremayne wants for me? Hell if I know what he 					wants!  He threw his head back, praying 						he had the strength to survive against that fire that always seemed to sear 						him. You and I were born unto two different circles, and though we may love 						each other, if this is going to work, you will have to be the one to bend to 						the rules of my world. Because if I bend, Georgia, it will send us 						straight into poverty, and I will not have that for you or my children. 						I will not. 						Not after living it. He leveled his head. Glancing down the empty corridor 						to ensure their privacy, he met her gaze again. I want and need to know all 						about the history of the dancing hole and ask that we retire into my room to 						ensure your privacy.  You think I care what the world 						thinks of me? They already passed judgment on me long ago. She crossed her 						arms over her breasts and shot him a cool, disapproving look. Once upon a 						time, there was a girl set to marry a dashin mason known as Garvin the 						divine. Every woman in the Five Points wanted to wear her apron, given he 						made almost four dollars a week. Though she wanted to bed this Garvin well 						before the weddin, he wouldnt let them, given he was a good Catholic. At 						the time, it irked her to wait, but she was glad for it, because she most 						certainly didnt end up with the bastard.  Rodericks lips parted, knowing 						Georgia was actually talking about herself. Though he wanted to give way to 						a sweltering fury knowing that she had been involved with yet another man outside of 						her husband and John, he sensed this story was about to toss itself into a 						dark corner he had yet to understand. So why didnt you marry this Garvin? 						Why did you marry Raymond?  She glanced off to the side and 						blinked rapidly. The night before she and Garvin were to marry before a 						priest, they went out to celebrate and have themselves a bit of mince pie 						and whiskey over at the dancin hole. Thats when the ever kind, ever 						serious and ever respectable Mr. Raymond George 						Milton, whom shed lived with since 						hed nobly rescued her out of a coal bin, followed them there. He sat in the 						corner of that dancin hole all night, quietly watchin her and Garvin. He 						sat there and sat there without movin until the place was empty of but 						three and a fiddler.  Roderick couldnt breathe. What 						did he do?  She trailed her gaze up back to 						his, her features tightening but her face remaining strong. What I hoped he 						would. He kneeled before the door and said, Georgia, I know you are set to 						marry, and fool that I am, I waited until the last breath, but to live 						without you would only make me feel as old as I already am. Say you love me. 						Say you love me, because I love you. I was as moved and astounded as I was overjoyed. 						Hed never once breathed his affection to me, even though I had secretly 						yearned to be with him since I was fifteen. Raymond was kind, noble and 						educated and dashin in a way no man in the Five Points was and always 						treated me with far more respect than Id ever given myself. It didnt 						matter that he was thirty-five years older than me. I was madly in love with 						his mind and his soul and everythin hed given me as a person. He taught me 						to always 						want more for myself.  She shook her head, lowering her 						gaze. And thats when Garvin hit him. Raymond took the blow but never 						fought back, sayin he had to say it and I was so glad he did. Because I 						loved him. Ive always loved him, but never once thought hed want me in 						that way, given I was nothin but a rag hed patched up. So I married 						Raymond the next morn despite bein spit at by Garvins family. You think I 						cared? Twas bliss Id found, and though I tried lovin Raymond the best I 						knew how, he always shied away from all things physical. It wasnt that he 						didnt lust for me. He did, and he proved it when I forced him to, but he 						had thisthis voice in his head that kept tellin him his age was a 						vice in our relationship. No matter how hard I tried, I couldnt dig that 						voice out. He kept thinkin he was debauchin a young girl hed managed to 						drag into his mess of a life, even though I was willin and a full eighteen 						and his wife.  A lone tear trickled down the 						side of her cheek and a choked sob escaped her lips. And then Raymond, damn 						him, died all but seven weeks later, on his own at three and fifty. His 						heart stopped. I cried over that bastard to no end knowin that I gave him 						everythinmy heart, my body and soulonly to be left with nothin. And I 						fear Im goin down that path again with you. What if I give up everythin 						and only end up with nothin? What then, Robinson? What then? My heart can 						only be patched up so many times.  Roderick swallowed, unable to 						quell the choking angst writhing within him. He reached out a trembling hand 						and cupped her tear-streaked cheek, utterly and madly in love with 						everything she was. It didnt matter that he wasnt the first man to touch 						her or love her. What mattered was that she was giving him a chance to love 						her. Georgia, he rasped. I would force my own damn heart to beat beyond 						its years to be with you. Everything I am doing, I am doing for 					you.  She pushed his hand away, 						swiping away tears. And theres Robinson again, reachin out for me in a 						way I know Tremayne wouldnt. She sniffed and sniffed again, waving her 						hand about. Im done tryin to figure out who you really are. Just tell 						Robinson, if hes listenin, that I fear this Tremayne is goin to break my 						heart because he and I were born of two different worlds. Her expression 						stilled and grew serious as she held his gaze. Just tell me. And be honest. 						Will you really be able to love me with enough fire to make this last for 						the rest of our days? Even if your father should turn against 					us?  Georgia. Feeling the 						temperature of his body warming his still-rain-dampened clothes, he edged 						back to ensure he didnt grab for her lest he unravel and take her up 						against another wall. I know this fire and this passion within me will outlast 						everything and everyone around us. Let there be no doubt in 					that.  She shook her head, her lips 						pinching together as if she were trying to fight the last of any emotion she 						felt. The words came out so beautifully, but instead of you steppin toward 						me, damn you, you stepped back.  His throat tightened. Georgia, 						I  Dont you Georgia me. You 						asked me to never again kneel on broken glass and yet youre makin me kneel 						even though Im tryin to get up. Her green eyes were no longer streaked 						with anguish but with a raging fire that threatened to burn him to ash. Im 						willin to play whatever role you want me to durin the day, but Im not 						doin it when the curtain falls and the audience goes home at night. I need 						more than words to cradle against my heart whilst I sweat like a pig dancin 						in silk for you and the world.  Still staring him down, she 						added, Im just not about to settle for a man who is goin to do the same 						thing to me that Raymond did. Makin me feel undesirable because of who and 						what I am. If I were you, Robinson, Id be in my room and in my bed at nine 						tonight or were done. You hear? Were done. She pointed at him one last 						time as if he were responsible for all of their troubles, then 						swung away and marched down the length of the corridor where the duke 						quietly lingered with both of his hands in his coat pockets.  Roderick swiped his face in 						exasperation only to wince given his hand was still tender and 					raw.  Your Grace, Georgia demurely 						intoned to the duke in a form of artificial passing. Im sorry. It needed 						to be said.  The duke inclined his head. 						Lifting a gloved hand out of his coat pocket, he gestured toward the 						corridor beside them. The footman is ready to settle you into your 						room.  Thank you, Your Grace. She 						glanced back toward Roderick, set her chin and majestically swept out of 						sight as if she were the duchess and he the derelict.  Damn her.  The duke slowly made his way 						toward him. Yardley.  And so, yet another battle was 						set to begin. Yes, yes. I know, I know. There is a problem. Roderick 						gestured toward the open door of his room. Can we take this 					inside?  Yes. I would prefer that. The 						duke strode past and into the room beyond.  Roderick followed him in. 						Quickly shutting the door, he swung back, meeting those overly serious brown 						eyes. How much of our conversation did you actually overhear?  Her voice carried itself down 						every single last corridor long before I made it back into sight. I heard 						everything. And I do mean everything. The duke winced and adjusted his 						black morning coat.  Roderick groaned and bit back 						his frustration. I ask that you forgive her. She is incredibly 						passionate.  The duke reached out and laid a 						heavy hand on his shoulder, bringing the scent of cigars and port. He leaned 						in and lowered not only his gaze but his voice. Yardley. You will never 						hear me say this again, for it is none of my business who you love, but you 						would be a bastard of the worst sort to destroy that poor woman by dragging 						her into your life. It sounds as if she has already endured more than 						enough. You shouldnt ask her to endure more.  Roderick glanced toward him in 						heart-pounding astonishment. The man had indeed heard everything and 						apparently had wanted to hear everything to have lingered about so damn 						long.  Violently shoving that large 						hand away from his shoulder, Roderick stepped back. Setting aside that you 						had no right to willfully impose and listen in on what you knew to be a private 						conversation, I am not about to stand here and listen to you prattle on as 						to how I seek to destroy her. You are the one putting your name and wealth before what is 						most important to melove.  The duke pointed at him, shaking 						his gray head, and edged back. No. That is where you are wrong. For I 						wholeheartedly believe in love and would never put anything before it. I was 						married to your mother, for Gods sake, and that was a love I dare you and the 						rest of the world to match!  The duke dropped his hand 						heavily to his side and glanced away. Drawing in a ragged breath, he hissed 						it out, lowering his gaze. I never knew fire until your mother came along. 						The duke threw back his head and blinked rapidly as if fighting tears. The 						very thought of her still makes me ache despite her being gone all these 						years. It just so happened that she and I were born of the same world. Such 						is not the case with you and Mrs. Milton.  The duke leveled his head. Even 						if I allowed you to marry this poor girl for love, in the end, it is not you 						or I who will suffer, but her. Bless her heart, but that woman doesnt 						breathe like us or think like us. Your desire to make her into the sort of 						woman London will accept is ludicrous. It takes years to create the lady London wants 						and by then shell be dead to you. They will only shred her apart and shun 						her until all of that fire you love in her will turn against you and burn 						you to cinder like you damn well deserve.  Grabbing hold of both his 						shoulders, the duke turned him toward himself and shook him gently. Our 						wealth and our name are strong. They will survive this if I relent, give or 						take a gash or two. But she wont survive any of it. She sees the tide rising 						well above her head and is already warning you of it, yet she is still 						willing to drown for you. By God. That is a woman worth loving, and I am 						asking you to not only love the poor girl, but save her. Your mind isnt 						what it should be, which is the only reason why I have to tell you any of 						this. She will have everything except for the one thing that matters 						mostrespect. And that respect will never be earned by handing over our 						title through marriage. She will only be seen as some wretch you plucked up 						off the street. Is that what you want for her?  Shifting his jaw, Roderick 						glanced away and eased out of his fathers grasp. What are you asking me to 						do?  I am asking you to let her go 						before she suffers beyond anything your love could save her from. You must 						not remember what truly awaits her in London, Yardley. Or you wouldnt do 						this to her. I know you wouldnt. Not if you loved her.  Roderick squeezed his eyes shut 						in anguish. He was damned either way. To live with her meant seeing 						her suffer, 						but to live without her wouldnt be a life worth living at all.  He reopened his eyes. I cannot 						let her go. She is the only thing left in my life that feels real. I still 						know nothing of myself other than I am surrounded by a tainted world that 						wont even allow me to love the woman I want to love. Do you know how 						goddamn bizarre all of this is to me? I cant breathe knowing that I may be 						forced to live forever within a mind that isnt even my own. A mind that 						cannot remember anything!  The duke was quiet for a long 						moment. Though you have yet to know it, you are still the same man. Let me 						tell you who you are. You are a good man. A man who has always sought to do 						right by himself and others. You are also a learned man who earned not one 						but seven Oxford degrees by the time you were nineteen, putting your damned 						brother and everyone, including myself, to shame. Sadly, despite all that 						astounding knowledge you acquired, much like the rest of us male idiots 						roaming the world, you were unable to translate a womans heart. Tis an 						age-old dilemma no university will resolve. You didnt learn that sometimes 						a man must set aside his passion before it destroys the woman he claims to 						love. Such was your story with the marchioness, and sadly, such will be this 						story.  Roderick glanced toward him, 						unable to believe a word of it. He had destroyed a woman? With his love? Was 						this before or after he had involved himself with his brothers 					wife?  The duke paused and patted him 						on the shoulder. Do what you will, Yardley. I am merely trying to give you 						sound advice. Something I havent done much of throughout the years, given 						all of my damned responsibilities to the estate and life in between. Just 						know that regardless of what you decide, even if you should choose to make 						her a wife, I have decided I will stand by it. Because a true father doesnt 						abandon his son in a time of need, especially when it involves his lifelong 						happiness.  The duke patted his shoulder one 						last time. I am in room one and twenty should you feel the need to further 						discuss this. We have ten days before we leave to London, which gives you 						more than enough time to resolve this. Now. I want you to get out of these 						wet clothes. Ive already called for the footmen and the valet. They will be 						here shortly. The duke hesitated as if wanting to say more, but instead 						strode back toward the door. Opening it, he glanced toward Roderick one last 						time and closed the door behind himself.  When would he remember his mess 						of a life? When would any of this make sense? When would he be able 						to?  Stalking toward the closed door, 						Roderick gnashed his teeth and kicked that door with a muddied boot, marking 						it with sludge. Gritting his teeth, he kicked the door again and again and 						again, trying to lash out his frustration, wishing that the entire world 						would just stay the hell out of his head.  He stumbled back, leaving the 						pristine oak paneled door smudged with booted muddy marks, and tried to 						level out of his ragged breathing. Dearest God. He was going to have to 						decide on something that would haunt him and Georgia for the rest of their 						lives. He didnt know if he had it in him to let her go, even if it meant 						seeing her suffer at the hands of the London elite.  Removing his muddied boots, he 						tossed them aside and stripped his soaked stockings, drenched coat, shirt, 						waistcoat and trousers, flinging them away one by one. Standing in mere 						undergarments, he stalked toward one of the open trunks and whipped out a 						dry snowy-white linen shirt, yanking it up and over himself. He tugged it 						down into place and smoothed it against his chest with a shaky hand, feeling 						the warmth slowly returning to his still-cool, damp skin. He paused and 						glanced toward his feet, realizing a strip of crumpled black silk had fallen 						out of the trunk when hed swiped up his shirt.  He blinked. He knew what it was. 						It was a mourning band worn to denote the memory of someone lost. The same 						one Georgia had insisted hed worn the day they had met on Broadway. It 						appeared he had more than one mourning band made. For how else would it have 						appeared here at the hotel?  He bent and carefully gathered 						the silk, fingering it. When would he remember the brother and the life he 						had lost? He glanced up and scanned the countless, useless items cluttering 						the room. Aside from the mourning band itself, nothing seemed to whisper of 						who he had once been. It only bespoke of wealth, extravagance and cosmetic 						comfort that had been blanked by a self-righteous mask of importance. Had he 						only cared about all things superficial?  He tightened his hold on the 						black silk, wishing that its touch could fill this void that continued to 						linger in his head. Though he didnt remember being the cad his father 						described, he was already becoming one by forcing Georgia into a life she 						clearly didnt want to be a part of.  Rodericks gaze paused on the 						one thing in the room that did whisper of who he might have really been. 						Those methodically piled old leather-bound books, which had been stacked 						atop one another on a sizable mahogany table and a chair. Given their frayed 						white edges, they appeared to be well read and old, and given how perfectly 						they had been arranged and aligned atop one another, they also appeared to 						have been well loved and important to him.  He wandered over to the table, 						his brows coming together as he set the mourning band aside. One of the old 						books had been left open and set apart from the others. It was as if it was 						the last thing he had touched before leaving this room and disappearing from 						his own life.  Leaning toward it, Roderick 						dragged and angled the open book toward himself and read the first words he 						saw. How miserably am I 						singled out from the enjoyment or company of all mankind. Like a hermit 						(rather should I say, a lonely anchorite) am I forced from human 						conversation. I have no creature, no soul to speak to; none to beg 						assistance from.  Those achingly miserable words penetrated his own 						breath like a blazing sword being plunged straight through his throat. He 						knew what 						this was. Hed read it countless times since youth.  Roderick paged through the 						musty, browning and roughened pages and slapped the book shut. The worn 						leather binding revealed the fading gold lettering of the words The Life and Most Surprising Adventures of Robinson Crusoe, 						of York, Mariner.  This book had once been his 						life.  Grabbing it up, he savagely dug 						his fingertips into that well-worn hard binding, drawing in uneven, ragged 						breaths. Every last emotion and thought hed kept in his head, his heart and 						his soul exploded like thunder, causing his vision to blur against tears as 						he tried to ease the excessive trembling in his hands in an effort to keep 						holding that book.  He remembered.  He remembered everything.  He winced. Everything, that is, 						except for a sizable blank that simply wasnt there. Why couldnt he 						remember getting on a boat or arriving in New York? Why couldnt he remember 						what hed done all of these months whilst in the city of New York? And why 						couldnt he remember Atwood or?  He paused, swallowing hard. 						Dearest God. He and his father had found Atwood. He was alive.  Smite him, what a mess this was. 						What a mess. Aside from Atwood, he still couldnt remember the one thing 						he wanted to remember most: meeting Georgia prior to that omni mishap that 						had rendered his mind blank.  Not that it mattered 						anymore.  His father was right. His circle 						would never accept Georgia as his wife, and in time, she would only hate him 						in the way she already did for trying to change her, and that he could never live 						with. For her sake and for the writhing love he would feel for her given all 						that she had done for him when he had no one and nothing, not even a thought 						in his head, he would give her everythingby letting her 					go.  It was time to send good old 						Robinson Crusoe back into the pages of a book where he belonged.  Gently setting his book atop the 						stack of other books that had been given to him by his mother long ago, 						Roderick aligned it with the others with a trembling hand. He simply was 						never meant to know happiness. Not in this lifetime.  A knock made him glance 						up.  Your bath is ready, my lord, a 						footman called from the other side of the closed door.  He cleared his throat, trying to 						erase any lingering emotion that still rattled his thoughts. Thank you. You 						may enter.  The door veered wide and a 						procession of footmen in gray livery entered carrying in a large bathing tub 						and buckets and buckets of steaming hot water.  Once he had soaked, scrubbed and 						shaved and returned to a state of physical cleanliness he hadnt seen in 						days, he would go to his father and announce that he was leaving Georgia 						behind. Not because he didnt love her, but because of a new and far more 						disturbing memory. He refused to destroy Georgia in the same way he had 						allowed Margaret to destroy him by turning him into something he was 						not.     Reader, I think proper, before we 						proceed any farther together, to acquaint 						thee, that I intend to digress through this whole 						history Henry Fielding, The History of Tom Jones 						(1749) This is what had actually 						been, once upon a damn time in a faraway land known as England ANYONE WHO HAD EVER MET Viscount Roderick 						Gideon Tremayne, if even for a quarter of an hour, became fully aware that 						he was unlike any man in London. Or England, for that matter. To some, he 						was a quintessential genius whom scholars idolized for having earned seven 						Oxford degrees by the time he was nineteen. To others, Roderick was nothing 						more than an overeducated prick. In truth, he simply held no patience for 						those who werent as devoted to the art of learning as he.  His fondest memory, even as a 						tot, was tucking himself against the skirts of his governess at the base of 						her chair, and demanding she read his favorite story, The Life and Most Surprising Adventures of Robinson 						Crusoe by Daniel Defoe. The moment 						shed finish, hed promptly supply, Again. Only slower. After all, the 						story should have lasted six days. Not four.  The woman would dutifully page 						to the beginning and read Robinsons story all over again, drawing out the 						words in an effort to better please him. The moment shed finish, he would 						tug on her skirts and demand, Again. Please? The poor woman had no choice 						but to commence reading it again and again.  Despite him being only four, she 						eventually insisted to his mother and father, the Duke and Duchess of 						Wentworth, that he learn how to read, given his most unusual fondness for 						it. His father thought him far too young for such an ambitious endeavor, but 						his mother agreed, insisting that he should commence at once, given his 						unprecedented interest. Her only rule was that he was never allowed to touch 						or read any books pertaining to the French Revolution.  It was divine intervention. 						Reading was like discovering how to spin gold out of paper. Although 						Robinson Crusoe was well below his level of intelligence even at 						four, hed always identified with being shipwrecked and, in turn, felt that 						he was the only civilized person left in the world.  His father and brother were 						certainly proof of that. As Roderick grew older, the duke only insisted he 						play more, not read more. Whilst his brother, who had been born first and 						therefore had been graced with the grand title of Marquess of Yardley, only 						trotted around the house with a blunt-edged sword and hit everything with 						itincluding Roderick. Yardley would insist that he learn to be a man of 						twelve, like him, by carrying his own blunt-edged sword, so that they could 						battle Napoleon and his minions together.  Despite being three years 						younger than his brother, Roderick always felt as if he was the more mature 						of the two and loathed the idea of playing a Brit going up against the 						French. Napoleons confinement to the island of Saint Helena in that year of 						1815 by the British had reignited a burst of patriotism across England that 						had leaked into their fathers conversations and straight into Yardleys 						gullible head. No one seemed to understand that Napoleon had been far more 						educated than most Englishmen, which was probably why it had been so damn 						difficult for the British to defeat him. Brain Over Brawn was his motto and, 						oh, how he wished it was everyone elses, too.  In an effort to avoid playing 						with his brother, the moment the sun touched the sky, Roderick would slip 						into the farthest corner of the house with a book hed stolen from his 						fathers library and disappear. Yardley only saw Rodericks need for privacy 						as great sport. With that blunt-edged sword held high, Yardley would dash 						through the vast corridors of their Wentworth home and strategically march 						from room to room hollering Tremaaaaaaaaaaayne! like the savage 						that he was.  No matter how well Roderick hid, 						that bastard always managed to yank him out of whatever corner, room or 						wardrobe he was hiding in. In regime-style, Yardley would then point the tip 						of his sword at Rodericks unevenly buttoned waistcoat and say, Youd best 						cooperate or Ill tell Father that youre stealing books out of the library 						again. You know he doesnt want you reading books that arent appropriate 						for your age.  Everything about his brother was 						so annoying, and him being heir only further overinflated that stupid head. 						Even worse, no rational form of explanation kept Yardley from seizing one of 						Rodericks own books and dangling it over the hearth as ransom for play. 						Yardley knew that the dangling of any book over a flame always riled 						Roderick into full cooperation. Despite grudgingly relenting to his bullying 						every time, Roderick insisted on being Napoleon Bonaparte himself instead of 						a mere British soldier, for at least then he could lay out maps and 						strategize how to take over the world.  When hed grown tired of having 						his best maps ripped in half and being called a Frenchie by his brother, which yielded 						no educational benefits whatsoever, he refused to play with Yardley ever 						again. It earned him not only several unmerciful blows to the head that made 						him bleed, but resulted in the charring of his favorite 1734 edition of 						The Complete Mineral Laws of 						Derbyshire by George Steer.  Roderick did everything he could 						to keep himself from sobbing like a girl when he finally dragged himself up 						off the floor. He eventually sniffed himself over to his father and choked 						through tears about his burned book and the fists hed taken to the 						head.  Every time, his father would 						jump to his feet and roar toward the open doors, Yardley! How many times 						do I have to crop you? How many?  Leonard, really, his mother 						would insist in a stern tone. Instead of yelling across the house, go 						directly to him and take care of it. And when you are done, send him my way. 						I am rather concerned with that boys aggressive tendencies. I suggest we 						take away his sword.  Oh, how he loved his mother so! 						Even the utterance of her nameAugustine Jane Ascott, Her Grace the Duchess 						of Wentworthdefined her beauty and glittering greatness. She was an 						astonishing sixteen years younger than his staunch, overly serious father 						and was therefore youthful and compassionate, but firm when most needed, and 						above all, always sought to support his love for the written word. She would 						even sneak various books out from the library for him, always whispering 						that it was their little secret. It included books that popped his eyes wide 						open. Like Le Diable amoureux by Jacques Cazotte. It made him want to move to 						France and take a wife at the age of eleven.  In 1818, on his twelfth 						birthday, his mother, whose belly was large with yet another child, had 						gifted him with a stack of ten books ranging from the philosophies of 						Socrates to the The Arabian Nights 						Entertainments. Inside each book, she 						had slipped a single uneven strip of parchment imprinted with ink that he 						was supposed to piece together with all the rest like a puzzle. She insisted 						that once pieced together the parchments would lead them on the greatest 						adventure they would ever know, but that she would only share said adventure 						after shed 						given birth and after hed read all ten books.  Roderick commenced reading 						within the hour and hoped to finish all ten books before his next sibling 						arrived. He also prayed unto whatever Lord there was that his sibling was a 						girl. He preferred having dolls and gowns thrown at him, as opposed to fists 						and swords.  Two days and four hours later, 						his mother died attempting to give birth to what would have been a little 						girl who hadnt properly turned within his mothers womb. His mothers 						screams, which had echoed throughout the halls well into the night, though 						forever silenced, still echoed within his mind and his soul, for he had lost 						the only person who had truly loved him. Hed never stood second in her 						eyes. Not once. Not ever.  His father went into an 						unconventional form of mourning that demanded they pray before her portrait 						every Sunday after church for the rest of their lives. The man swore never 						to marry again and never did.  Unlike his brother and father, 						who solemnly bore their suffering in silence like real men, Roderick sobbed 						through his prayers like the sop that he was, knowing that his mother was 						never coming back.  His mother had wanted him to be 						a great scholar, whilst his father only wanted him to be a mere boy. So in 						honor of his dear mother, whom he still sought to make proud, Roderick 						became both. He donned a sword during the day to please his father and 						brother, and at night, he retired into his covert library in the dressing 						chamber and read the remaining books his mother had gifted unto him. The 						moment he finished each book, he anxiously pieced together yet another strip 						of the uneven parchment hoping to discover what had been left 					unsaid.  When Roderick had at long last 						finished reading all ten of his mothers books, and had pieced together all 						ten of those uneven parchments, he was astonished to discover it was a map 						of New York City as had been laid out by the commissioners and altered and 						arranged to the present time. One area, in particular, to the far east of 						that map had been circled with smeared black ink, similar to how a thief 						might have marked his next heist.  Though he had asked his father 						about the map and why his mother had given it to him, the duke became 						unusually huffy and demanded he put it away lest he burn it. It was a very 						odd reaction to a mere map, but he most certainly didnt want to upset his 						father. So Roderick tucked the mysterious map within the pages of his 						Robinson Crusoe, which he always kept at his bedside, hoping that he 						would eventually come to understand its true meaning.  In the year of 1819, which 						marked the one-year anniversary of his mothers death, two days before he 						was set to leave the house and join his brother at Eton, he pulled out all 						ten strips of the map in her honor and pieced it back together again. He 						strategically laid everything out across the floor of the library wondering 						if his mother had actually wanted them to go to the marking shown. And if 						so, why? What would he find there?  When his father strode into the 						library unannounced and saw him hovering over the map, the man frantically 						gathered all of the pieces and insisted he cease meddling with superstitious 						taradiddles. Though his father tried to burn the pieces, Roderick flung 						himself before the hearth and begged in the name of his mother that it not 						be done.  His father grudgingly relented 						by returning the pieces back into his hands under the proviso that he never 						see it again. To ensure its safety from any of Yardleys book-burning rants, 						Roderick stacked all ten of his mothers books and tucked all the pieces of 						her map between the pages of his Robinson 						Crusoe. He then snuck up into the 						garret and buried his mothers books in his covert trunk.  Two days later, he left the 						house to join his brother at Eton. He forever worried about that map, but 						was too paranoid to mention it to anyone lest he be robbed of it. Every 						holiday, when he and Yardley visited their father between academic terms, he 						would tiptoe into the garret at night to ensure that his trunk and its 						contents were still there. They always were.  In time, he became far less 						paranoid and thought of it less and less. Life held far too many of its own 						adventures and he most certainly was not old enough to travel to New York 						City on his own. He was simply going to have to be patient and bide his 						time.  Unlike his brother, Tremayne 						reveled and thrived at Eton and became rather popular with all the boys 						because he was always willing to do everyones work in exchange for books he 						couldnt afford to buy on the measly pension his father gave him. Roderick 						soon acquired an extensive and impressive collection of more than three 						hundred books on divinity, civil history, poetry, anatomy and 						jurisprudence.  Based on his perfect marks that 						exceeded even his own expectations, the headmaster transitioned him straight 						into Oxford University at a mere fourteen. When Roderick had effortlessly 						passed every examination required of him during his terms and became the 						youngest Oxford scholar to hold a degree at sixteen, his father said, By 						God. That all went rather fast. What now? You dont plan on getting more 						degrees, do you?  That only irked Roderick into 						throwing himself all the more into university life, which had become his 						greatest passion. By nineteen, he had acquired a total of seven degrees, 						astounding university professors into thinking he was a genius. He wasnt. 						He merely had the unique ability to remember everything he read.  But his father, damn him, only 						kept interrupting his studies by nagging Roderick on the hour about his lack 						of social 						interaction. The mans definition of social meant women. Because Roderick 						was always out and about socializing with scholars, professors, students and book 						collectors. His fathers nagging stemmed from quips in all the circles that 						Roderick was not only a virgin, but a bibliomaniac who preferred a good book 						over a woman.  Which was, in fact, true. He 						did prefer 						a good book over a woman and was indeed a virgin. Not because he was a queer 						who didnt find women attractive, but because the women in his books were 						far more fascinating than the ones surrounding him. If swiving was about all 						a real 						woman could offer him outside the pages of a book, he knew he could easily 						accomplish equal ecstasy from a pornographic novel without the complication 						of being nagged by yet another person who would never understand him. Based on all the 						grouching of fellow university friends who only complained about their woes 						regarding sex and women over decanters of port, he simply wasnt interested 						in joining in on the grouching.  Despite his unconventional view, 						he acknowledged his fathers concerns and, like a good son, tried to render 						the quips. He sought to keep it respectable, however, by methodically 						planning out how he was going to land the perfect wife by creating a list of 						all the qualities he sought in a woman. When he arrived in London during the 						opening Season of 1828, at the age of two and twentyand yes, still very 						much a virginRoderick announced to his father that he was ready to wade 						through the marriageable women London had to offer.  His father astounded him by 						handing him a cigar, even though Roderick didnt smoke. The man then 						proceeded to strut around the study like a rooster about to mount his last 						hen and clucked on and on about all the grandchildren hed have and how he 						hoped it was soon, given that Yardley was more interested in bordellos than 						marriage and duty.  Roderick had at long last found 						something to make the old man proud. With that newfound pride in his pocket, 						Roderick donned his finest, ensuring the valet trimmed his hair, which was 						beginning to hang well past his eyes, and took on the appearance of a true 						gentleman in honor of the Wentworth name. He vowed to marry the most 						beautiful, intelligent and respectable woman London had to offer and rode 						out into the crowds to find her.  Night after night, he endured 						pointless conversations about food and wine and danced alongside morbidly 						silent debutantes.  Yardley only annoyed him 						throughout his hunt for a wife by swooping in on him at gatherings and 						mouthing excessive encouragement from behind a hand shortly before Roderick 						was set to dance. Always dance with the one with the largest tits, 						Tremayne. They jiggle more. Same rule should apply to the wife you take. 						After all, you will be looking at the same goddamn tits for the rest of your 						life.  Yardley was breathing proof that 						some men remained children all of their lives.  Needless to say, Roderick was 						beginning to lose hope that any woman would ever catch his eye. But then it 						happenedmuch like a stray arrow piercing his heart on an angle between the 						fourth and fifth ribs, just as diagrammed in his anatomy book. A certain 						Lady Margaret, with bright blue eyes and curling blond hair, made her debut 						and breezed into Londons ballrooms, catching not only his eye, but every mans 						whod ever been born with an ambition to love.  Whilst every man of the 						ton, 						including Yardley himself, went about quietly admiring her with a reserved 						reverence that was expected from respectable society, Roderick went about 						shouting out his admiration at every breathing turn.  His father had to repeatedly 						tell him to calm down.  Those first few times her pretty 						gaze had fluttered over to his, endless unwritten words floated between 						them, stirring far more than his mind. He had at long last discovered the 						savage need to hold more than a book and finally knew why men subjected 						themselves to a lifetime of grouching.  Lady Margaret was everything 						known as divine. She danced with him at every ball whenever he asked her to 						put his name on her dance card. She always seemed to dance with far more 						enthusiasm whenever it was with him, especially if it involved the 						ever-daring waltz. Her gloved hand would squeeze his in the oddest of 						moments during their gliding steps, as if she were openly professing her 						love. He returned each and every squeeze of that small hand, assuring her 						that he ardently felt the same.  She laughed so beautifully 						whenever he expounded upon humor that no one else thought was funny, and 						listened to everything he had to say, no matter how boring. There was one 						particular night, however, that hed never forget.  It was the night when he grabbed 						her hand and placed it over his heart on his chest, whilst they lingered in 						the alcove during a gathering at his grandparents home. Her chaperone had 						been unusually preoccupied in speaking to his grandmother across the room, 						so he deviously took advantage of it. Lady Margaret responded by grabbing 						his own hand and setting it back onto his chest over his heart, whispering, 						You must call on me and Mama with an offer. Why do you wait?  He had waited because he wanted 						to be sure she felt the same. He had doubted that she had, given all the 						damned rules of their circle that didnt allow them to convey what it was 						they truly felt for each other. He knew it was time to propose before 						someone else did and approached his father about it. His father not only 						consented to the match, but was so thrilled that he insisted Roderick call 						on the woman and her mother at once to ensure a June wedding.  So Roderick decided to send over 						a footman with a note to the marchioness, requesting he be allowed to call 						upon her. He was worried that his note would get lost amidst the throngs of 						bouquets, visitors and calling cards from countless other gentlemen, both 						titled and gentry alike, who littered his Margarets doorstep on the hour 						like an infestation of locusts out of the Bible. He panicked upon 						discovering one of those titled men was none other than his own damn 						brother.  But he outsmarted them 						all.  Roderick paid every last one of 						Lady Morrows servants to strategically place his note on the marchionesss 						dressing table as opposed to the parlor. Within a day, a messenger presented 						him with an invitation from the marchioness to call upon her and her 						daughter, Lady Margaret. That was when he knew he was going to be a husband. 						He and his father merrily toasted and drank port in honor of his 						success.  Nervous as hell, Roderick 						arrived with his hat in hand, and waited in a pale blue drawing room that 						had been fragranced with expensive French perfume. It was a strong lilac 						scent he would forever associate with the frantic beat of his heart and that 						glorious moment when his Margaret and her staunch widow of a mother, Lady 						Morrow, sashayed into the room in unison to formally greet him.  Margaret beamed as she and her 						mother gracefully seated themselves on the settee across from him and he 						knew that it was time to toss the dice in the right direction. So he 						commenced their conversation by stepping away from all things formal and 						sharing A Dissertation on the Phaedon of 						Plato and its investigation of the 						nature of the soul. It was cheeky and metaphoric. Margaret stifled a laugh, 						while the marchioness only tartly stared him down.  Sensing the womans humor was 						similar to that of his fathers, he casually inquired about nothing in 						particular. The marchioness looked decidedly more pleased and proceeded to 						discuss the weather, before pausing to inquire about his fathers health and 						if he was taking care of himself for she was rather worried he wasnt. 						Ghastly though it wasfor his father took very good care of himselfRoderick 						sensed she wanted to know when his brother would be inheriting.  Barely twenty minutes into his 						call, the marchioness visibly grew bored and glanced toward the French clock 						on the mantelpiece, signaling that his visit was over.  He knew it was now or 						never.  Lady Morrow, he announced in a 						formal tone. Before I depart, I humbly wish to claim the honor of your 						daughters hand in matrimony. Roderick drew in a steadying breath. I love 						her.  The marchioness paused and 						leveled him with an alarmed stare. Whilst I am endlessly humbled, Lord 						Tremayne, I regret to inform you, especially given your unexpected affection 						for my daughter, that Lord Yardley has already offered on her hand and I 						have accepted his offer all but two days ago. I invited you to call on me 						today, not to entertain an offer, but as a means of getting to know you as 						family.  Roderick met Margarets 						bewildered gaze, which reflected his own, and felt himself unable to 						breathe. What?  Margaret intently held his gaze, 						fear and angst noticeably freezing those blue eyes and trembling lips. I 						She lowered her gaze and after a long moment confided, I was not aware of 						the offer, my lord.  Roderick shifted forward in his 						seat, trying to rein in his disbelief. He glanced over at Lady Morrow. How 						is it that your own daughter is unaware of this offer, given that two days 						have passed since it was made? Do you find this sort of backdoor business 						respectable, madam? To be casting aside your daughters own happiness 						without allowing her an opportunity to vie for her own future?  Lady Morrow rose from her seat, 						her lavish morning gown cascading into place around her slippered feet. How 						dare you insinuate that I seek to invest in my daughters misery? To insult 						me is to insult everything we represent. I ask that you depart at once, my 						lord, lest my footman toss you and your hat out the door.  Roderick narrowed his gaze. 						Your footman can go to hell. Your daughter loves me, not Yardley. As such, 						you will inform Yardley that you are retracting your acceptance of his offer 						and giving her hand to me.  The marchioness gasped, her face 						blanching. Leave.  No, he bit out. My brother is 						unworthy of her. He barely treats me with the sort of respect I deserve. 						What sort of respect do you think he will bestow upon her? None. He knew I intended 						to propose to her. I told him.  Gathering her gown from around 						her feet, the marchioness hastened toward the open parlor doors. 						Harvington? she called out, her voice panicked and trembling. 						Harvington, remove this man and ensure he never calls upon this house 						again.  Margaret, whose tears were 						freely streaming down her anguished face, regally rose from her seat. She 						set her chin, trying to keep her features stoic. My lord. I ask that you 						leave with the dignity you arrived with. My mother knows what is best. 						Respect that and me.  His eyes widened. You intend to 						blindly accept this slap against my honor and yours?  She closed her eyes. My mother 						is all I have.  Margaret  There is nothing more to be 						said or done, my lord. She reopened her eyes and stubbornly set her chin. 						Please.  I see. He rose from his 						upholstered seat, still holding her gaze. It was obvious his Margaret wasnt 						going to fight for the love he had so stupidly thought was theirs. He 						refused to degrade himself by loving such a woman. Given your devotion to 						your mother and my brother, I formally withdraw my offer. I wish you and 						Yardley much happiness. Good day. He strode out of the parlor, trying to 						appear indifferent as the footman yanked open the entrance door.  Days later, rumors had surfaced 						all across London about how unrefined and conceited he was to think he could 						have any 						woman he wanted. It was the first time in his life he had ever felt the true 						impact of being shipwrecked and deserted upon that desolate island known as 						the Second Son.  His father was anything but 						pleased and rambled on and on about how stupid he was to have destroyed his 						own happiness by his lack of patience and tact. The duke insisted that he 						call on Lady Morrow with an apology and try to get her to agree to breaking 						off the agreement with Yardley. Roderick refused to degrade what little he 						was worth and told his own father to go to hell. If Margaret wasnt about to 						contest the marriage, why should he?  Within days, a wedding was set 						to take place in June, though it was not his own. Lady Margaret and his 						brother formally announced their engagement before all of London. Yardley, 						whose idea of true literature was The 						Accomplished Whore, had at long last 						sought to abandon whoring to become a married man, claiming Rodericks woman for his 						own.  His father, who knew Yardleys 						intentions were simply to best his brother, had repeatedly tried to talk 						Yardley out of it, but Yardley insisted no other woman would do and that it 						wasnt his 						fault Roderick hadnt been able to impress Lady Morrow.  Barely a day after the 						engagement had been announced, Roderick was further stunned when Margaret 						appeared at his door late one night, cloaked from head to toe in her 						scullery maids clothing. She had even smudged her face with ash to keep 						anyone from recognizing her. She begged that he forgive her for submitting 						to her mothers wishes but that she still loved him.  He told her to leave.  She wouldnt.  So he grabbed her by the arm to 						lead her straight back to that front door, but Margaret, damn her, grabbed 						him and 						kissed him with an unnerving passion that ended whatever rational thought 						hed placed in his head since he was four. All was lost. From that moment 						on, he only sought to listen to the beat of his own heart, no matter how 						erratic or deranged it was.  Whilst they frantically and 						savagely kissed, they eventually stumbled off into his study to ensure their 						privacy and closed the doors. They kept kissing and kissing until he lost a 						cravat and she lost a bonnet. Everything was slowly fumbled off of their 						bodies one by one, until they were naked.  Though they hesitated every now 						and then in the silence of his study, knowing they shouldnt, the passion 						between them was far too great, and to his disbelief and joy, Margaret 						begged that he ruin her so that they could be together.  He couldnt say no.  Or ratherhe wouldnt say 					no.  He ardently penetrated her 						virginity with his own, branding her and himself for life. When they were 						virgins no more but well-sated sinners, he cradled her softness against his 						chest and informed her that he would sell everything of worth so they could 						leave to Paris within the week. What did it matter if they no longer lived 						like kings and respectable society turned against them? All that mattered 						was seeing their love crowned.  Margaret quietly eased out of 						his arms and eventually whispered, We cannot publicly shame our families by 						disappearing to Paris. It would slaughter my mothers name and all would 						turn against her, blaming her for my sins. She wouldnt survive 						this.  He grabbed her and yanked her 						back into his arms. What will you have us do, then? Live here? It would be 						hell of the worst sort, no better by any means. London would spit at all 						that we represent and my father could very well disown me, given that your 						banns have already been printed and announced in church.  She wouldnt look at him and 						only half nodded as if in a daze, just now realizing the futility of what 						shed done. Tis obvious what must be done. I do not wish you disowned or 						shamed, nor do I wish the same for my mother. I must thereforemarry your 						brother. Marry him? he seethed out, shaking her in savage restraint. 						But you are mine now, Margaret. Mine, damn you. Not his.  She still wouldnt look at him. 						Her hand trembled as she swiped away loose strands of blond hair from her 						cheek. What choice have I in this? My mother wills it and your brother and 						all of London and the church expect it.  And so the inner rot within him 						truly began.  Oh, how he hated her. How he 						hated her for not only sacrificing herself in the name of everyone and 						everything around her, making her own heart and dignity bleed, but he hated 						her for seizing the last of his own heart and his virginity, which he had 						sought to gift to his own wife on his wedding night. Now it would appear he 						had nothing to gift. It had all been taken away.  What a fool hed been to think 						he could actually love a woman within his circle without turning it into 						superficial duty and lies. Every last woman of the aristocracy was bred to 						obey the rules of their elders and their circle by putting duty before their 						hearts, even when that duty was rotten to its core and undeserving of being 						honored. UNWILLING TO FACE HIS BROTHER after 						what he had done, let alone attend the wedding that should have been his, 						Roderick wordlessly left London a week before Yardley made it to the altar. 						He went to Paris with a university friend instead.  Napoleon Bonaparte had wronged 						his beautiful France by making the world think the worst of it, because 						Paris, sweet Paris, was the breath of glorious air hed been gasping for. He 						extended his stay beyond the mere month he had originally arranged and 						decided to stay for another five.  Everything about Paris was not 						only riveting but ravishing. Aside from the people, the food, the music, the 						gardens and the streets, delightful discoveries of incredible books like 						La citoyenne Roland, sitting crookedly upon dusty old shelves of quiet 						bookshops, made him all the more thankful to be part of everything known as 						France.  He was pleased to discover that 						the women in Paris, unlike those in London, could be paged through and 						opened like books without snapping any of their bindings. French women were 						by far more intelligent and valued the real worth of a man, be he a first 						son or a second or a third. He loved them all for it, and they, in turn, 						loved him because he always paid the bill.  Although he generously showered 						countless women with gifts, no matter the expense or her status or lack 						thereof, he didnt do it for a fuck like the rest of the men around him. He 						did it because he enjoyed sharing his money with those that had none. In 						truth, when it came to fucking, he had become so morbidly selective after what 						Margaret had done to him that he refused to physically get involved with a 						woman at all.  He eventually decided, however, 						that he needed to move on. So he created a list in the hopes of yanking 						himself out of the abyss by unearthing a woman worthy of him. One he could 						share a corner of his life with without the expectations of his circle or 						matrimony.  After staring at a blank 						parchment for half the night, only one requirement came to mind: she had 						to be able to make him laugh before hed so much as loosen his cravat. 						Though his requirement seemed stupid and easily attainable, there wasnt a 						woman in Paris who could make him laugh. His soul had become far too warped 						and dark to find anything amusing and he hated Margaret and his brother all the 						more because of it.  But thankfullythat 						changed.  Whilst attending a social event 						for local artists looking for patrons, he met a certain Mademoiselle Sophie, 						a flamboyant actress with brick-red hair and a saucy smile who wasnt at all 						pretty but was incredibly witty and had enough fire to burn down all of 						Paris. She had a remarkable gift, for she could not only make him laugh 						about the most foolish things, twisting her words and facial expressions at 						the most perfect of times, but she could actually make him laugh 						so hard, 						hed be close to crying. And God, did he ever need it.  When he eventually decided to 						invite Sophie up for an evening alone in his flat after weeks and weeks of 						flirtations spent over champagne, conversation and theater, it was the best 						decision hed made. He learned to love sex in a way he never thought 						possible.  One rainy morning, whilst Sophie 						lounged naked on his bed, reading aloud the latest in French gossip, which 						she always lived for, Roderick sipped on his coffee and wandered over to the 						window of his flat on rue des 						Francs-Bourgeois. As the grid of the 						streets below laid itself out like a birds view of a map, he came to 						remember his mothers map for the first time in years. The one hed buried 						long ago against the eaves in the garret of his fathers home.  Roderick was appalled, realizing 						hed been obsessing over all the wrong things in his life. He knew he had to 						retrieve that map and do right by it, but he also knew it meant going back 						to London and facing his brother, whose wedding hed never attended and 						whose wife hed bedded.  Days passed and thoughts of his 						mother ate away at his ability to breathe and think. After avoiding the 						reality of the mess he knew he had to return to, Roderick sucked in his 						pride and returned to London. He toted back not only Sophie, whose 						friendship hed grown dependant on, but several trunks filled to the lid 						with books hed acquired from Paris. After he settled Sophie and his trunks, 						he decided to visit his father and announce to the man that he was back from 						Paris.  As his coach arrived through the 						vast iron gates leading to the Wentworth home, Tremayne was astounded to 						glimpse through the narrow glass window a funeral wreath hanging upon his 						fathers door. The door had even been painted black as had been done on the 						death of his mother those many, many years ago.        Twas dead of the night, when I 						sat in my dwelling; One glimmering lamp was expiring 						and low; Around, the dark tide of the 						tempest was swelling. Along the wild mountains 						night-ravens were yelling... By a Gentleman of the University 						of Oxford, St. Irvyne; or, The Rosicrucian, A 						Romance (1811) A PULSING KNOT OVERTOOK Rodericks breath. Flinging open the carriage door 						before it could even roll to a halt, he jumped down, skidding against the 						gravel beneath his boots, and dashed up the paved stairs leading to the main 						entrance of his fathers home. He pounded and pounded on the door with a 						gloved fist, his chest and throat tight as he tried to ignore the funeral 						wreath.  When the butler unlatched and 						edged open the door, he shoved past the man and stumbled inside. 						Father? 						he shouted, his voice eerily echoing around him as he sprinted toward the 						direction of the study where he knew the man would be if he were still 						alive. Father!  The duke staggered out from the 						study like an apparition floating out from the shadows into candlelight, 						making Roderick skid to a halt. The mans gray hair was unusually shaggy, 						heavily mussed and oily as if he hadnt tended to himself in weeks. His 						evening attire was as disheveled as the rest of him, lacking not only 						cleanliness but a coat and cravat. A near-empty decanter of brandy was in 						his hand.  Father? Roderick whispered in 						disbelief.  Tired and darkly solemn eyes 						that were under the influence of brandy met his across the length of the 						corridor. Typhus took Yardley. It took him. No doctor couldsave him. I 						sent word to you in Paris, but obviously neither he norI meant anything to 						you or you would have come sooner. Dont bother me tonight. We willtalk on 						the morrow. He lowered his gaze and staggered back into the 					study.  The corridor swayed and he along 						with it.  Roderick fell against a wall and 						slid down its length, unable to withstand the weight of his own limbs. Hed 						never received anything. Not a letter. Not a word. Not even a whisper of a 						word.  Oh, God.  He stayed on the marble floor, a 						gloved fist pressed against his temple, too overwhelmed to do much of 						anything. When the servants had commenced lighting more lamps and candles to 						keep him from sitting in darkness, Roderick willed himself to stand on 						booted feet. A part of him still refused to believe that Yardley was 						gone.  Removing a lit candle from the 						nearest sconce, he drifted up the stairs hed climbed so many times in his 						youth and turned down the corridor, pausing before Yardleys old bedchamber. 						The door was ajar and the room softly lit by a lone lamp.  Roderick quietly wandered 						inside, the lingering smell of leather and shoe polish reminding him of 						Yardley. Upon glimpsing the four-poster bed, Roderick paused, the candle 						almost slipping from his trembling gloved fingers. A faded red ceremonial 						sash and a blunted sword had both been set upon the bed linens as if Yardley 						would trot into the room at any moment in the form of a child, snatch them 						up and don them, challenging Roderick to yet another game of Napoleon 						against British soldier.  Tears stung his eyes. He should 						have been a better brother. He should have been a better man. Instead, he 						had proven to be an even bigger prick than Yardley could have ever been. 						Roderick swung away and blew out the candle with a puff, flinging it to the 						floor where it rolled out of sight. Stripping his gloves from his hands, he 						tossed them.  Roderick wandered about the 						corridors aimlessly until he paused before the small wood door inlaid behind 						the top stairwell leading into the garret above. He stared at the latch. It 						had been many years since hed last opened that door. How was it hed so 						heartlessly lost sight of everything that had once meant the world to 						him?  Creaking open the door, he 						slowly made his way up into the narrowing garret, a headache pinching his 						skull. Though he tried to steady his breathing, the horrid ache he felt 						within his chest wouldnt go away.  Kneeling before the trunk hed 						tucked against the eaves so many years ago, he unbuckled the leather straps 						and pushed it wide open. Shadows covered its empty bottom. He staggered in 						disbelief and clung to the edges of the trunk in an effort to balance 						himself. Every book his mother had given him, including his cherished 1775 						edition of Defoes The Life and Most Surprising 						Adventures of Robinson Crusoe, which 						held his mothers map of New York City within its pages, was 					gone.  It was as if his life had been 						erased.  After staring at that empty 						bottom for much too long, he shut its lid and prayed his father had simply 						placed all of the books into the library. Hefting the leather trunk up into 						his arms, he made his way down and out of the garret, past Yardleys old 						bedchamber, and veered down that vast stairwell leading down to the main 						floor.  Walking in through the open 						doors, his heavy steps dissonantly echoed against the expanse of the study. 						Depositing the trunk before his fathers desk with a thud, he lingered, 						unable to voice all of the agonizing emotion buried within him.  His father glanced up, the rim 						of yet another half-empty brandy decanter hovering before his lips. What is 						it?  After a moment of awkward 						silence, Roderick choked out, Do you think so little of me as to believe 						that neither you nor Yardley meant anything to me? You are the only person 						left in this world that I can love and that I can trust. As for Yardleyhe 						may not have understood me or respected me in the manner that I deserved, 						and I may not have understood him or respected him in the manner that 						he 						deserved, but we were brothers. I never received word of his passing whilst 						I was in Paris. If I had, I would have come. I simply didnt 					know.  His fathers large hand 						trembled. He swallowed a gulp of brandy and set aside the decanter with a 						clink. 						Lowering his gaze to his hand, which limply rested on the desk beside the 						brandy, the duke finally murmured, The damn post is never reliable. Dont 						blame yourself.  The duke scrubbed his hair and 						fell back against his leather chair, eyeing him. Both Lady Morrow and the 						Marchioness of Yardley have been inquiring as to your whereabouts. I suggest 						you call on them. Offer whatever comfort they require in the name of your 						brother.  Rodericks throat tightened. He 						knew full well why they were inquiring. Hed heard the rumors well across 						into Paris that Margarets marriage to Yardley had yielded nothing but 						misery over its five short months, and with his brother now gone, only one 						man remained heir to the entire Wentworth estate. Him. I refuse to see 						either of them.  His fathers gray brows rose up 						to his hairline. You dont intend to offer your condolences to your own 						brothers wife?  No. I dont.  Color bloomed in his fathers 						features. He leaned forward in his chair. If you dont call on them at 						least once, London will be left to wonder why and Ill not have whispers 						floating about my name. His fist slammed against the desk, causing the 						brandy within the glass to slosh. Tis indecent enough you werent here 						when Yardley was lowered into the ground. I expect you to be devoted not 						only to the memory of your brother but to the duty you were born to. And now 						that you have inherited your brothers title, you will heed the 						responsibility that accompanies it. You are no longer merely Tremayne. You 						are now a Yardley.  Roderick shifted from boot to 						boot, already feeling himself being fitted into the role his brother had 						left behind. I wasnt born into the role of heir and therefore you cannot 						expect me to play the part of one. I will devote myself to the memory of my 						brother by wearing a mourning band for the rest of my days, but I have 						absolutely no desire to see the marchioness or her mother and console them over a 						death I have no doubt they care little about. They used me to get to Yardley 						and they will use Yardleys death to get to me.  His father glanced toward the 						entrance of the study and lowered his voice, meeting his gaze. Yardley 						seethed on and on about you and the marchioness prior to his death. He 						claimed you bedded her prior to him taking her to the altar. Is that true? 						Or was he just being a cad as always?  Roderick set trembling hands 						behind his back, the sting of those words biting into the last of what he 						was. Tis true. I had hoped to convince her to run off with me to Paris. 						Obviously, I did not succeed. Dearest God. The duke threw his head back with an exasperated 						groan. I would have expected this from yourbrother, God rest his soul. He 						was a mans man and rough around every edge no matter how many times I took 						a crop to him. But I would have never expected this from you. What became of 						that boy I loved so much?  Roderick swallowed against the 						tears that overwhelmed him. It was the first time his father had openly 						admitted to not only having had pride in him but to having loved him. Though 						little good that did him now. He had destroyed that love and that pride, 						and, in turn, had destroyed himself.  The duke leaned far forward and 						into the desk and hissed out a breath. He eyed the empty trunk Roderick had 						toted into the study and gestured sloppily toward it. What is 					that?  Rodericks voice faded, 						remembering why hed come to him to begin with. I found it empty up in the 						garret and wish to inquire as to what has been done with its contents. They 						held some of my old books.  Books? The duke blinked 						rapidly. Ah. Yes. Books. He nodded and shifted in his seat. A book 						collector whod been visiting with your cousin kept pestering me. So I had 						the servants wade through everything in the house and let himtake 						everything away.  Roderick stared at him in 						agonizing disbelief. The man had no idea what those books meant to him. 						Those books were given to me by Mother.  His fathers gruff tone softened 						and he seemed to momentarily appear sober. What?  She gifted them to me shortly 						before she died. I placed them all in a trunk in the garret to prevent 						anyone from touching them.  His father closed his eyes, 						rubbing the palm of his hand against his temple. What the hell were they 						doing up in the garret? Why didnt youtell me?  I always hid things in the 						garret with Yardley being prone to burning my books. Something you may or 						may not remember. Either way, I want those books back. Tis all I have of 						her.  Reopening his eyes, the duke 						dropped his hand onto his lap. The man already left England.  Whatever do you mean he left 						England? Roderick echoed. You handed them off to a foreigner?  An American. From New 						York.  He choked. An American from New York? Dear God. What if he finds the map? What if he 						thinks its of worth and never gives it back?  His father squinted up at him. 						Whatever the devilwhat map? The map! Roderick roared, unable to contain his own agony. 						The one Mother gave me. The one of New York City! The one you threatened to 						burn every time I pulled it out. I placed it in one of those books for 						safekeeping and you gave it away!  His fathers lips parted. I 						didnt know.  Roderick squeezed his eyes shut 						and forced himself to lull his tone and his stance. Why did she give it to 						me? What was it? What did it mean? And why was it so oddly separated into 						pieces?  The duke lowered his gaze. 						Twas nothing, he mumbled. Twas nothing but a 					damnfabrication.  Reopening his eyes, Roderick 						intently held his fathers gaze. For something that you wished to burn 						every time you saw it, tis clearly more than a mere fabrication. What was 						it? His throat burned in a desperate effort to keep his words and himself 						calm.  The duke half nodded and 						eventually murmured, It pertained to her brother.  Rodericks brows rose. I never 						knew she had siblings.  One. Twas a sad story, that. 						His father shifted in his seat, adjusting his coat. His name was Atwood. He 						and your mother were incredibly close. He was heir to theSumner estate and 						all but ten years old when he disappeared.  Roderick held his fathers gaze. 						What happened to him?  The duke rubbed at his temple. 						Your grandfather had whisked them all out of London and into New York back 						inoh, I dont know, 1800 or so, as he was negotiating investments. Shortly 						before they were set to return to Londonhe disappeared. That was the last 						they had ever seen of him.  Roderick set a hand against his 						mouth in disbelief and asked through his hand, Did they not find 						anything?  No. Not even a body. When they 						eventually returned to London without him, Atwoods portraits and all of his 						belongings were stripped from the home. Your mother managed to confiscate a 						miniature of him from a servant and carried it with her at all times. The 						whole thinghaunted me. It still does.  His father shifted his jaw and 						leaned back against his chair. Many, many years later, she appeared to me 						clinging Atwoods portrait whilst I was at breakfast. Sheshe told me she 						had a dream about a parchment that had been torn into ten different pieces 						and thatwhen she had pieced them all together, it revealed a map of New 						York City bearing a circled area that showed his location. She claimed that 						in her dream, she knew without any doubt he was still, in fact, alive. As 						such, she demanded we purchase every map of New York City we could find that 						would best match it.  The duke shook his head. It 						wasillogical. She spent weeks replicating it. Right down 						totearing it into pieces. I kept telling her she was falling into the realm 						of superstitious hysteria. But it only got worse. She wouldnt sleep, she 						wouldnteat. And all she kept telling me was that she wouldnt know peace 						until the matter was resolved. She was pregnant at the time with our third 						and I was worried. So I told her if she promised to eat and to sleep, that 						once shed given birth, we would all go to New York and lay it to rest. His 						fathers voice faded. He pressed his fingers against his stubbled chin and 						lowered his gaze. Only she never survived the birth, damn her. She never 						survived. Sheleft me. She left us.  Silence pulsed between 						them.  All of his poor mothers pent-up 						hopes of finding her brother, whom she had yearned to love to the very end, 						had sat up in that damn garret untouched, unsolved and unloved. It was 						monstrous. You knew what it meant to her, he rasped, and yet you never 						sought to look into the matter yourself? Even after she died?  The duke glanced away, 						struggling to sit up in his chair. Twas nonsense I didnt care to break my 						heart over. I had two boys left to raise on my own.  Twas nonsense? he echoed, 						stepping toward the desk. How could anything that meant so much to her be 						considered nonsense?  Roderick leaned toward him, 						slamming both hands on the smooth mahogany between them. We are getting 						that damn map back, even if we have to buy out this bastards entire shop 						and all of New York. When did you dispose of those books?  His father eyed him. A few 						weeks ago.  Which means they can still be 						recovered.  If the man hasnt already sold 						them all.  Well ensure he buys them all 						back. Well make it worth his while. Roderick swiped a hand across his 						face. Do you have a name? An address? Anything?  The duke blew out a pained 						breath. He glanced up, his features tightening in an effort to remember. 						Hatchet. He was thisthisstocky, boisterous fellow who owned a shop 						somewhere inNew York. Though I dont remember much else. Your cousin Edwin 						would know more.  Roderick pushed himself away 						from the desk and straightened. With his brother now gone, their family was 						tragically dwindling into nothingness. It was heart-wrenching. What if the 						map his mother had created did, in fact, lead to something? What if it led 						to Atwood? A part of their family would be restored and honored. Ill call 						on Edwin in the morning. The moment I have an address, I intend to leave on 						the next ship out and retrieve that map in person. I also intend to 						investigate whether or not the map is true. There must be clues 						investigators missed. For all we know that map might reopen the 						investigation into Atwoods disappearance.  His father jumped to his feet, 						sending the chair backward with a clatter. He swayed in an effort to stare 						him down. Are you mad? Do you actually intend to run off to the other side 						of the world looking for clues based off of adream?  Despite the flaring of his own 						nostrils, Roderick still managed to remain calm. What if youre wrong? What 						if that map leads us to something? Anything? Even a whisper of anything is 						more than nothing. We wont know unless we put this to 					rest.  No. I am not about 					to  If you go against me in this, 						Father, I will never forgive you for not loving your wife enough to oversee 						her last wish.  The duke glanced away, his 						ragged features twisting. Sniffing hard, he glanced down at the empty 						decanter. A tear traced its way down his weathered cheek.  Setting his shoulders, his 						father cleared his throat. You and Yardley were the only reason I survived 						her death. The duke leaned heavily into the desk and pointed at him through 						tears and choked out, You are all that remains of her. You are the 						only 						assurance I have that she was even real. You cant be putting yourself in 						harms way. Because if anything happens to youI wont survive it. I will 						slit my bloody throat and die. Do you understand me?  Reaching out over the desk, 						Roderick forcefully grabbed ahold of his fathers large hand and squeezed it 						hard, crushing it against his palm. I understand you more than you think 						and I am touched to know I mean so much to you. You mean just as much to 						me. Intently holding his fathers gaze, he offered in a choked tone, But 						she entrusted that map to me, Father. I intend to uphold her honor as is my 						right as her son, and I wish to restore what little remains of our family. 						Roderick leaned in closer and whispered, I ask that we do this together. 						She would have wanted us to. Dont you think?  His father released his hand and 						turned away, stumbling away from the desk. He swiped a shaky hand across the 						back of his neck and lingered as if battling between a drunken mind and 						drunken heart. Do not disappoint me, and above all, do 						not disappoint her, Roderick inwardly 						chanted. Love her. Love her this one last 						time.  The duke eventually swung back, 						his features tightening. To hell with London and thetime and theexpense. 						We go. We go and put your mothers soul to rest.  It would seem Roderick had been 						blinded into never seeing the greatness of the man standing before him. 						Drunk though he was. Do you still have that miniature? We will need a 						detailed description of what he looked like when he disappeared. We will 						need his likeness. At least his coloring, provided he will have 						aged.  The duke lowered his gaze and 						shook his head. I tucked it into your mothers hand before she was buried. 						But IIve seen it enough times. Black hair. Black brows. And blue eyes. 						Very striking eyes that were so unusually bright in color, they almost 						looked likeblue glass.  We need more than that, 						Roderick insisted. We will have to go to Grandpapa and Grandmama with this. 						They would be able to provide us a better description as well as any other 						details pertaining to his disappearance.  The duke paused and leveled him 						with a warning gaze, slowly shaking his head from side to side. No. No. 						No. I dont 						want your grandfather involved in this. He must never know. Never.  Roderick blinked and leaned 						toward him. I would think he has the right to know. It involves his own 						son. He could help us.  The duke continued to stare him 						down. No. He lowered his voice. That man was responsible for Atwoods 						disappearance.  Roderick stared at him, his 						breath hitching. What? How so?  His father glanced away and 						shrugged. It wasnt anything your mother or I could ever prove, even though 						we repeatedly tried to involve the crowns investigators throughout the 						years. They onlybrushed it off and were convinced it had been American 						patriots who had committed the crime. Only it didnt make sense. In my 						opiniongiven what we are about to dowe tell no one. This way, nothing will 						impede the reopening of our investigation.  Sagging both palms against his 						fathers desk, Roderick hissed out a breath. God help us if any of this is 						true.  I know, his father muttered. 						Believe me, I know.  It would seem a map based off of 						a dream and a rather sorry description of a ten-year-old boy who would no 						longer be tenif he were alivewas all they had. It already appeared improbable 						that they were going to find anything. But then againthe boy had been old 						enough to have known who he had once been. Perhaps that boy was now a man 						who still remembered what had happened. Regardless, he and his father had 						money and time on their side.  Not even a day later, Roderick 						was fitted for a set of mourning bands. He donned one on his arm that day in 						honor of his brother, swearing it would never leave his arm again, except 						when he retired at night. With a heavy heart, for he knew it was best, he 						dismissed his Sophie, who he had dragged all the way over from Paris, and 						tucked a hundred pounds into her hand, thanking her for being a friend. She 						assured him he could always find her in Paris should he grow bored. No 						sooner had he kissed her hand goodbye than he called upon his cousin and had 						Mr. Hatchets shop address in hand. He and his father arranged to have 						everything packed and ready to leave on the next ship out of 						Liverpool.  The morning before he was to 						board the ship that would take them to New York, Roderick visited his 						brothers crypt and ardently prayed before it for hours. Tears blinded not 						only his eyes but his soul. Nothing would change what had come to 						pass.  When he eventually returned home 						that afternoon, after having spent five torturous hours lingering before his 						brothers crypt, he decided to get drunk along with his father, both of them 						swearing to each other they would never get drunk again as it solved 						nothing. But they had a good time doing it. By evening, when Roderick could 						barely stand, and his father had fallen asleep on a sofa, he called for his 						carriage and demanded it take him over to Margarets town house.  Despite it being long past 						respectable calling hours, he was admitted the moment hed given his name 						and was even asked to wait in the study, as opposed to the drawing room. 						Whilst waiting for Margaret to appear, he staggered toward his brothers 						desk. Gripping the outside edge, he leaned against it and willed himself to 						stay focused on why he was there.  Tremayne?  He stiffened and swiveled toward 						the direction of Margarets choked tone. A slim figure draped in a bombazine 						gown stood in the shadows, the hallway beyond much too dark to reveal a 						face. She drifted into the room with determined grace and poise, the golden 						glow of the candlelight revealing the soft, delicate face of a woman he 						remembered all too achingly well.  Her thick golden hair had been 						swept up into a mature top knot as opposed to those debutante curls she used 						to wear. She turned and slid both paneled doors shut.  She turned back toward him, 						silently crossing the room, and paused to linger before him. The delicate 						scent of lilacs bloomed around him, heightening his awareness of her. She 						reached out a bare hand and touched his arm. You came.  He pushed away her hand. Not 						for the reasons you think.  She flushed, her features 						growing tight. Taking back the distance hed put between them, she leaned 						toward him and awkwardly forced her warm fingers into his hand.  Roderick stiffened as the heat 						of her soft hand warmed his own. Jerking his hand out of hers, he asked 						tonelessly, Did you at least come to love him? Give me peace and assure me 						you did.  I wish I could give you peace 						in that. She leaned toward him and whispered with a vivid angst that 						penetrated her blue eyes, Yardley knew about us. I told him days into our 						marriage. I was so disgusted with myself, and with everything, I was hoping 						that his anger would cast me out so that I could join you in Paris. 						Unnervingly, it had the opposite effect. Yardley became so morbidly driven 						to replace you and refused to let me out of his sight, even for a moment. He 						commenced dictating when and how my heart should beat, much like my mother 						did, which only made me hate him all the more. But it was God Himself, in 						the end, who dictated when and how his heart should beat by making it 						stop altogether.  She set herself against the 						desk, tears streaming down her face. I am done submitting myself to others 						at the cost of my sanity. Please tell me that something remains of your love 						for me so that I may crawl across whatever broken glass you lay before me in 						the hopes of reclaiming what had once been.  Roderick glanced toward her, his 						pulse thundering against his skull. He couldnt breathe knowing that she had 						chosen everything over their love. Everything.  The scent of lilacs and the 						brandy still warming his veins twisted his common sense as the sparse 						candlelight within the room blurred. He veered toward her and savagely 						yanked her up off the desk. You knowingly destroyed me and for that I will 						never be able to forgive you. You had your chance to prove yourself to me 						when it counted most and you failed.  She let out a sob. Tremayne. My 						heart never ceased beating for you. Not once. Please. Show me that you 						still Her hands jumped to his face and tried to pull him down toward her 						lips as she had that night when she had first seduced his naive 					soul.  Roderick grabbed her hands and 						violently shoved them away, stumbling back in disbelief. I ask that if 						there is any compassion or remorse left within you, that you cease this. 						Cease loving me, because I have long ceased loving you.  Her anguished sob rippled 						through the air. Tremayne  Tis Lord Yardley now, my lady. 						Sadly. I have inherited my brothers name and, with it, it would seem, his 						heart. I am done with you and this. Do you understand me? I am done and ask 						that you never call upon me or whisper my name again. Swinging away, 						Roderick staggered out, feeling as if he had finally set a part of his condemned 						soul free.  The following morning, whilst 						vomiting his excesses and wincing against every noise, he left London with 						his father to begin his journey to New York. While his father discussed 						matters of the estate and all that would now be his, Roderick couldnt help 						but loathe himself to no end knowing at what cost the spare had become the 						heir.       To save a mans life against his 						will is the same as killing 					him. Horace, Ars Poetica (18 						BC) Adelphi Hotel The present 						hour of 12:45 p.m. CLASPING THE BLACK MOURNING band against the upper biceps of his gray morning 						coat in reminder of all that had once been, Roderick lingered before his 						fathers door marked 21. Drawing in a ragged breath, he shifted toward the 						closed door and, after hesitating, knocked.  Yes? the duke called out from 						within.  Roderick willed strength into 						his voice. Tis I.  There was a pause. The door is 						unlocked.  Pushing down on the latch, 						Roderick opened the door leading into his fathers suite and eased into the 						lavish room, quietly closing it behind him.  The duke glanced up from the 						unfolded newspaper hed been reading in a chair set in the far corner of the 						room. Refolding his newspaper, he slapped it onto the mahogany side table 						next to him and rose, coming toward him.  Letting out a low whistle, the 						duke chided gently, You clean up rather well.  Roderick stripped his top hat 						from his still-damp hair the valet had trimmed, and quickly strode over to 						the man, grabbing hold of his father with one hefting arm. Fiercely holding 						his father against his chest, as if he were not a man but a boy, he 						whispered, Forgive me for not having loved you in the way you 						deserved.  The duke stiffened, wrapping 						awkward arms around him. He patted his back. What honor is 					this?  Pulling away, Roderick 						confessed, I missed knowing who you were and what you meant to me and ask 						that you forgive me for treating you with disdain when I last saw you. 						Roderick placed his top hat back onto his head, angling it in preparation 						for the long walk he had yet to take, and grabbed those broad shoulders, 						squaring the duke toward himself so he might better look at his aged face 						and dark brown eyes. I remember what had once been.  Astonished gray brows rose. 						Blinking several times, his father intently searched his face. You remember 						me?  That I do.  How? What happened? I dont 						understand.  Roderick shrugged. It was like 						God Himself had touched a finger to my head.  The duke stepped away and 						pointed at him, issuing the challenge of, Tell me something that only you 						would know about me. I want to know this is real. I want to know that your 						mind is what it should be.  Roderick couldnt help but 						smirk. Faith was never enough for you, was it? All right. What do I know of 						you, O Father? I remember how you always roared across the house before 						cropping Yardley. It felt like all you ever did on the hour was roar and 						crop Yardley on my behalf. Which I did appreciate.  A boisterous laugh rippled 						through the air. Now, why is it you would go and remember something like 						that about 						me? Though I will admit that boy had the devil in him. All of hell, 						actually.  That he did, Roderick drawled. 						Good old Yardley.  The duke fell quiet, lowering 						his gaze. Mischief-laced though he was, he was still my boy. It wasnt 						right he died so young.  Roderick swallowed, reached out 						and squeezed his fathers shoulder. No. It wasnt. And my biggest regret is 						that I didnt make an effort to guide him more. I only judged 					him.  Nothing would have ever changed 						him. He was what he was. Drawing in a huge breath and letting it out, the 						duke shook his head and eyed him. Please tell me we are set to leave in ten 						days, as planned, because I am well and done with this piss of a city. Weve 						done everything we set out to do. My Augustine at long last knows peace. My 						only regret is that she never had the chance to see him before she His 						voice trailed off.  Roderick let his hand drop away 						from his fathers shoulder, tensing from the reality that he might never 						remember what had happened since leaving England. Though I remember quite a 						bit, I cannot remember getting on that boat or what happened thereafter. 						What happened? However did we find Atwood? Was it the map? And why isnt he 						coming home with us? Doesnt he wish to reclaim all that is rightfully his, 						given he is the sole heir to the Sumner estate?  The duke swiped his face and 						swung away. If he goes back to England, it would mean facing his parents 						and the past before all of London. You have no idea what that poor boy has 						been through, Yardley. It would be a damn rag-gossiping frenzy of the worst 						sort that would drag itself through every last court and torment Londons 						base understanding of humanity.  Rodericks eyes widened. You 						mean?  The duke nodded grimly. 						According to Atwood, your grandfather had wronged an impassioned man he 						shouldnt have. A man who then sought to avenge himself by taking the one 						thing that mattered most to himhis son.  Sucking in a breath, he edged 						back. Whatever the hell did he do to the man to make him do such a 						thing?  The duke swung back toward him. 						Tis a story deserving of its own book. One we will discuss throughout our 						journey to London, and one that must never leave your lips until Atwood is 						ready to emerge on his own. His father paused and shook his head. And now 						you wish to make an even bigger mess of our lives by dragging yet 						another 						poor soul into it.  Roderick slowly turned away so 						he didnt have to reveal his own agony. You neednt worry about Georgia. 						She will not be accompanying us to London. Closing his eyes, he swallowed 						and went on, I intend to end our relationship tonight.  What? His father seemed not to 						understand.  I love her far more than I 						could ever love myself. And so I shall let her go. Opening his eyes but 						still keeping his back to his father, Roderick cleared his throat to push a 						sense of staid calmness into his quaking voice. I intend to gift her a 						lifelong yearly annuity in parting and ask that it be arranged through your 						estate before we leave New York. I need Georgia to not only live incredibly 						well, but have servants, as her poor hands are so damn roughened by work 						they will require years of rest. She wasnt deserving of being dragged into 						my life. She deserves more than this. She deserves more than me. When only 						mere silence hummed, Roderick turned to his father.  The dukes features were still 						morbidly stoic as if he were not involved in their conversation at 						all.  Roderick stared. You will go to 						the bank before we leave New York and arrange an annuity of five thousand a 						year. Do you understand?  His father glanced away and half 						nodded. I will call on the bank this afternoon if that is what you 						want.  Roderick threw back his head, 						almost causing his top hat to fall away, and rapidly blinked back tears he 						swore he wouldnt cry. In a choked tone, he confided, It will allow me a 						measure of peace.  The entire estate is set to go 						to your pocket, anyway, the duke muttered. What do I care how much of it 						goes where?  Roderick swallowed, leveling his 						head again and adjusting his morning coat about his frame. He cleared his 						throat. I am set to go for a long walk about the city on my own, and will 						be gone for most of the day and most likely well into the evening, depending 						on where my mood takes me. I have to gather my thoughts about how the hell I 						am going to announce all of this to Georgia without breaking 					her.  He winced and glanced away. She 						expects me at her door at nine tonight, so I have no choice but to be back 						by then. That saidI wanted you to know that despite all that has come to 						pass, I never sought to willfully dishonor you or her and will never shame our name 						again by involving myself with another woman, be that woman of our circle or 						not. I made that decision after Margaret and dont even know what the hell I 						was thinking when I still had full possession of my wits. Sadly, my circle 						has too many expectations and I cannot willfully mold Georgia into becoming 						something she is not and expect the woman I love to survive. She wont. She 						just wont. EARLY THAT EVENING, AND ALONE at last from the flurry of the 						female servants who had bathed her, oiled her, dried her, massaged her, 						clothed her and tugged and pushed and pulled her freshly washed hair in 						every direction to assemble it into ringlets and a coif, Georgia spent most 						of her afternoon wandering about her lavish room. She had purposefully 						locked herself away to avoid Robinson. She had even supped alone in the room 						with a tray laden with poached salmon and creamed carrots that almost made 						her faint in well-pleasured anguish when they touched her lips.  The entire world appeared to be 						hers, and yet with Robinson putting her at a distance, it was meaningless. 						Adjusting the belt on the embroidered rose-colored robe shed been wrapped 						in after a divine bath scented with orange blossoms, she padded over to the 						sideboard that had been arranged with female toiletries the chambermaid had 						methodically set out for her.  Though she tried to recall what 						was whatthe woman had rattled off all of the cosmetics so fastshe really 						couldnt remember. Leaning toward the silver tray laden with small glass 						bottles and tins, she poked at the open tin of rose rouge that for some 						reason the chambermaid had said was green rouge. The woman must have been 						color-blind.  Either way, good rouge went for 						a quarter a piece in stores and it was obvious this here was good rouge. 						Georgia had always wanted to buy a tin and see if it could make her 						prettier, but thought it vain and a waste of money. But nowit kneeled 						before her as if she were a queen and whimpered to be of service.  Georgia smiled and excitedly 						plucked it up along with the small bristled brush set next to it. Perhaps 						she could make herself pretty enough to make Robinson think twice about 						saying no to her.  Leaning toward the oval gilded 						mirror hanging above the sideboard, she held up the tin with the tips of her 						fingers and dabbed the brush into the powdered substance like shed seen 						women do in the shops. Dashing it across each side of her cheekbones, she 						tilted her head from side to side to observe how it sat.  She leaned closer to the mirror 						and squinted. It didnt do a thing. Perhaps she hadnt put on enough. 						Dabbing a more generous amount onto the brush, she swiped it across both 						cheeks and paused. Reddish rouge skid marks streaked her pale 					skin.  Her eyes widened. Oh, 						dear.  She couldnt have Robinson 						seeing her like this. Setting aside the brush and the tin back onto the 						silver tray with a clatter, she frantically swiped at her cheeks. Pinching 						her lips together, she leaned in closer to the mirror and rubbed both cheeks 						hard, her calloused fingers burning her skin. She paused and gawked at her 						reflection and her poor skin, which was a glaring red.  Georgia groaned and dropped her 						hand away from her face. She looked like a whore whod been slapped by too 						many men in one night. She needed to wash it away.  Glancing down at the array of 						glass bottles, she grabbed up what she read was angel water. Twas an 						infusion of myrtle flowers and water that the chambermaid claimed would 						freshen her skin. If it could freshen skin, it could damn well clean 						it.  She carefully uncorked it and 						tilted the bottle slightly onto its side to allow a small amount of the 						pungent, sweet-smelling liquid to trickle out. It splashed out of the 						bottle, slathering and cooling her entire hand, dripping to the wood floor 						at her feet.  She rolled her eyes in 						exasperation and huffed out a breath. Was nothing in life easy? Setting 						aside the bottle, she rubbed her wet and now very heavily scented hand 						against her cheeks. Fortunately, it came off against her fingers, although 						her cheeks were still angry from all the rubbing and swiping shed 						done.  She brushed her wet hand against 						her robe and paused, lifting the tips of her fingers to her nose. She 						sniffed. Lovely. Now she smelled like a walking Garden of Eden.  Swiping her hands against each 						other one last time, she stepped back. If you cant handle the makeup, 						Georgia, she muttered, how will you handle the man?  This was just the beginning of 						transitioning into Robinsons life. She wasnt afraid of any of it, really. 						She was secure enough to know that with or without makeup or fancy gowns and 						servants, shed still be the same girl. What she wasnt quite so sure of was 						whether or not Robinson would be the same man she had fallen in love 						with.  Turning away from the sideboard, 						she edged herself over to the next sideboard set against the wall and 						paused, noticing a crystal decanter filled with some sort of amber-colored 						liquid set next to a pair of crystal glasses.  Plucking out the stopper, she 						leaned over it and sniffed the strong vapory-like scent. Alcohol? Hmm. She 						sure as hell needed it. Though it didnt look like any alcohol shed seen. 						In her parts it was either white or piss-yellow.  Lifting the heavy decanter, she 						slid the empty glass beneath it and poured the amber liquid up to the rim of 						the large glass, setting the decanter back onto the sideboard. Daintily 						placing the stopper back into its place with the tips of her fingers and 						feeling, oh, so accomplished, she carefully picked up the brimming glass, 						trying not to spill it.  She took a large sip and paused 						as a cedarlike, burning smoothness coated her throat as she swallowed. She 						smacked her lips, trying to decide if she liked it. Then, she took a much 						larger gulp and let it sit in the well of her mouth before swallowing. Not 						bad. Its not whiskey, but its not bad.  Sipping on the alcohol, she 						turned and made her way around the room to see what else there was to 						explore. The large mahogany paneled dresser, which now housed all of the ten 						gowns shed brought with her, looked more impressive than the frayed, limp 						dresses within it.  It was all too symbolic of how 						she felt. Here she was a frayed gown desperately wanting to be made new. She 						only hoped Robinson didnt give up on her when he realized she was going to 						make a hundred thousand mistakes before she got any of this 					right.  A knock on the door made her 						turn.  Her heart fluttered. Robinson 						was almost two hours early from the time she had set. Was that a good thing 						or a bad thing? She headed toward the closed door and slowly pulled it open, 						taking another large gulp of her drink to see her through this one. She 						froze with her glass close to her chin, her mouth still full of 						alcohol.  It wasnt Robinson at 						all.  The duke blinked, his gaze 						falling to her robed appearance and then the drink in her hand. He gestured 						toward it. Ah. Good to know you have some. Good to know. My brandy tray 						isempty. Snapping his gaze back up to her makeup-marred face, his gray 						brows came together. He paused. What happened to your face, Mrs. Milton? 						he slurred.  By gad, the man was 						soused!  Georgia choked on the liquid 						pooled in her mouth. Unable to swallow, she spit everything back out into 						the glass with a gush. She coughed several times in an effort to free her 						burning throat of constriction and choked out, Rouge. I applied too 						muchrouge.  He staggered past her and into 						the room. He fumbled with his cravat and then stripped it, whipping it 						aside. Pour me another brandy. I need it.  She awkwardly closed the door 						and glanced back at him, wondering if she could trust him in his inebriated 						state. For safetys sake, she decided not to latch the lock. Just in case 						she needed to run.  Hurrying to the other side of 						the room, she set aside her own glass and with a trembling hand poured him a 						brandy into one of the other crystal glasses. Are you certain you should be 						drinkin anymore? You look like youve had more than enough. Youre barely 						standin.  He trailed his way toward her 						and lingered. When I lose consciousnessonly then will it be enough. Now 						hand it up.  Youll regret it, Your 						Grace.  What dont I regret? He 						drunkenly wagged his fingers toward her.  She sighed and topped off the 						glass, setting aside the decanter. Slowly swiveling toward him, she passed 						him the glass and snatched up her own, trying to pretend like they were old 						friends. It was awkward. She didnt know him any more than he knew 						her.  The duke took a long swallow of 						his brandy before lowering his glass. He eyed her. Do you love him? He 						paused and pointed at her with his glass, causing the liquid to sway. 						Because I do. I love that boy. I love him more than any father 						should.  She fingered her glass, 						astounded that this drink that he called brandy could reduce him to this. It 						was obviously stronger than whiskey. Yes, I love him. I wouldnt be 						standin here subjectin myself to your kind if I didnt. You think a fish 						likes bein pulled out of water?  He momentarily closed his eyes 						and nodded before reopening them. Taking another swig of brandy, he shook 						his head. What a mess this is. Here I amwell respectedhave vast 						estatestitles to match and all the money in the goddamn world, but I cant make my 						own son happy. I just cant, no matter how hard I try. All of this is so 						damnwrong.  Her throat tightened. Why isnt 						he happy? I know he yearns to be and has the means to be, given his kind, 						open heart. So what prevents him from havin it and knowin it? I dont 						understand.  He leveled her with a stare. 						Tis called impending dukedom and having everything but having nothing all 						the same. It weighs heavily upon a man in London society in a way you 						Americans could never fullycomprehend. Love is but an afterthought. Tis 						duty that is ones life. He drew in a ragged breath before letting it out. 						He has always lived his life inside his own head and inside his own heart. 						By God, you should have seen that boy in his younger years. He used to be so 						much more. So much more. Society and duty and being betrayed by his own 						brother is what reduced him to what you now see. Hehe clearly loves you. 						Tis obvious he does or he would have settled on merely dragging you into 						London as his mistress. Hecame to me, you know, and told me of his 						intentions. He still hasnt returned from his walk, and Im trying not to 						worry, buthe intends to end things between you and him. I wanted you to 						know that. That is why I am here. I wanted you to be ready for 					it.  Georgia almost dropped her 						glass, her chest tightening. What? Why?  Because Itold him to. I put it 						in his head. I meant well, I just If you think life in a slum is difficult, 						child, you have yet to meet the ton. They will ensure your chamber pot sits in the 						right corner lest they piss in it and make you drink every last drop. Even 						their own arent good enough for them. So can you imagine what they would do 						to you? A damn witch hunt is what it would be and I didnt want that for you 						or him. Despite my well-meaning intentions, II cannot help but feel I have 						wronged my own son by making him turn against the last of who he is. 						Yardleymy first boyhe would have tossed you in the name of duty. That boy 						was a master at shuffling women and their hearts as if they were cards in a 						deck. But my Tremayneno. No. My Tremayne wouldnt have submitted to this. 						His heart always came first. Always. The duke winced and took another swig 						of his brandy. Im sorry. Im sorry I made a mess of things.  She met his gaze in anguish. 						All I want is to love him. Is that so wrong?  The dukes brown eyes softened. 						And do you know what I want for him? Above all else? His happiness. Plain 						and simple. And it appears he has found it in you. He lowered his gaze to 						his glass and heaved out a breath. Ive beenthinking. I really think you 						and Yardley shouldstay here in New York. London is nothing but a circus and 						a half, anyway. I would be losing my only son to the union, obviously, 						butat least I wouldnt be murdering the last of who he is. I wish there 						were a way to allow you both to live freely with me in London. I really do. 						He sniffed. I want grandchildren. I want to feel like there is still 						somesomemeaning left, even though my dearest Augustine and my first 						Yardley are gone and my own life is veering to an end. He angled toward 						her, reached out and sloppily patted her head. If I had the means to buy 						your respectability, child, I would. I really, really, really would. Why? 						Because knowing how much my son adores you makes me adore you. If he deems 						you worthy, you are.  Georgia blinked rapidly, 						endlessly touched by his words. She paused and shifted toward him, taking a 						quick swallow of her own brandy. Wait. Now, there was an idea. It was a 						crazy Five Points idea laced with Raymonds and Matthews views of society, 						propaganda and government politics, but one that would allow her to live 						freely and openly with Robinson in London society. Why settle for a measly 						half acre in the west with him when she could seize all four corners of the 						world and make everyone happy? If I gave you the means to buy my respectability, 						Your Grace, would you? Could you?  He blinked. I dont quite 						follow. Im a bitmuddled.  She gestured toward him with her 						glass. With your prestige and wealth and my will and my way, we could, in 						fact, whisk me into your circle. The question is, would you be up for 						it?  He chortled. And I thought 						I had one 						too many brandies.  Im not drunk, Your Grace. I 						barely had a few sips. What Im sayin is that you could buy my respectability in 						the same way a politician buys public opinion and then its vote.  He cleared his throat and 						lowered his voice, eyeing the closed door. One cannot buy respectability. It 						doesnt work that way.  Georgia tossed back the rest of 						her brandy, letting it warm her throat, and quickly set it back onto the 						side table. I disagree. Kings knight peasants and elevate them well above 						their status within a day if it so pleases them. Why couldnt we do the same 						for me?  The duke let out a laugh, 						reached out and patted her head sloppily again. Whilst my fortune is vast, 						it isnt quite that vast. And sadly, women cant be 					knighted.  She smiled. You dont have to 						knight me. All I ask is that you make an American heiress out of me. As my 						dearly departed husband used to say, if one wishes to control society, one 						merely has to locate its pulse, place a finger on it and then press hard. 						What wed be doin is forgin a campaign, of sorts, that would allow me to 						become respectable in the eyes of society whilst allowin Tremayne and I to 						marry without mass opposition.  He snorted. Not to offend, Mrs. 						Miltonbut the moment you show up in all your American glory covered in 						rouge and holding a brandy, the game isover. Mass opposition is 						inevitable.  She held up a finger and stepped 						toward him, intently holding his gaze. Ah. But what if I dont show up as 						Mrs. Milton covered in rouge and holdin a brandy? What if I show up as 						someone else? Someone draped in vast wealth, refinement and a lace parasol 						in hand?  I still dont quite follow and 						I dont think its the brandy.  Raymond used to say that 						governments all over the world are notorious for creatin and perpetuatin 						factual farces. And thats exactly what wed do. Wed be creatin 						a factual farce to appease society in the way a politician does. She paused 						and eyed him. Do you know what a factual farce is?  He blinked, leaned over and set 						aside his own glass onto the side table. Tispropaganda. Yes?  She clasped her hands together. 						Exactly. Upper levels of government use propaganda to bend the public to 						its will by slippin whatever farce they want the world to believe into 						every crack of society until it fills every tongue and mind and becomes fact 						due to its source. What well be doin, Your Grace, is fillin in 						my cracks 						and slippin me into your circle. That is the political game well play 						and that is 						the political game that will win. Are you in? Or do you need to be more 						sober to agree to any of this?  The duke lowered his chin. 						Bloody on high. Am I even hearing this?  That you are. You have the 						money and I have the will. Well pay people to mold me into the sort of 						woman London would accept, and introduce me as such to society.  The duke set his jaw and rounded 						her, his gait uneven but determined. Scanning the length of her appearance, 						he drawled, It takes a lot to impress London. He scanned her again. 						A lot.  She rolled her eyes. Im not 						lookin to be canonized here. Im as tough as any blade and am fully aware 						of what is and isnt possible. The real question is, what do you think would 						be easier for London to swallow? A Five Points widow your son met on the 						street here in New York? Or an American heiress he met in the drawin rooms 						of London and wishes to court and marry?  The duke swiped his face and 						glanced toward her, his brows coming together. An American heiress, no 						doubt.  Exactly. So make me 						one.  He stared. But you would be 						turning away from all that you are. He doesnt want that for you. He made 						that very clear.  A small smile touched her lips. 						Sometimes men dont really understand what women want. Sometimes a woman 						has to tell a man what she wants before he mucks everythin up. Im not 						about to tear your son away from you, nor am I about to turn away from him 						merely because a bunch of snobs think me incapable of bein a lady. The only 						solution is to eliminate the divide without the world knowin. And only you 						and your money can do that.  Me and my money. Huh. Setting 						his hands behind his back, he lowered his gaze and slowly paced back and 						forth, back and forth. He paused. This idea of yours intrigues me. It would 						depend onthe people we involve. It would also have to be incredibly well 						done. You and Yardley would have to conduct a public courtship before London 						for any of it to be mildly believable. The Season is over for the year, but 						will be opening again inearly April, I believe. He winced. That would 						barely give us ten months to orchestrate this. It wouldnt be enough time. 						We would have to give ourselves the following year of 32.  Her pulse fluttered like a 						butterfly caught in a capped jar. Im not willin to be apart from him that 						long. Im just not. Well have to make all of this come together in the ten 						months you speak of.  Mrs. Milton, I like you, but I 						dont think  If you and he were to go back 						to London in ten days time as planned, and leave me here with a sizable 						fund to oversee the creation of my identity, I know it could be done. Whilst I 						build my name here, you could assist by building my name in London. What do 						you think?  Tis a bitambitious. Rumors 						can easily be seeded within the upper circles in as little as a few months. 						But you He gargled out a laugh. Not to offend, but you are not even a 						sliver of what my circle would consider to be acceptable. Ten months would 						barely cover etiquette, let alone the rest of you.  She glared at him. Im from the 						Five Points, Your Grace, and we Five Pointers know how to outplay anyone. I 						have full faith it can and will be done. I can do this in ten months time. 						Just give me a chance and I promise that everyone is not only goin to sit 						down for the show but they wont even question what the hell theyre seein. 						But I cant do it without you. Im goin to need money. Lots of it. Because 						as with any campaign, Ill have to wine and dine my way into every level of 						society here in New York by feedin them the same farce London will be 						feastin on.  He swiped at his mouth. But 						that would only leave usten days tolaunch this. Tremayne and I leave for 						London in ten days.  Ten days is doable if we make 						it count. Youve been here for seven months, Your Grace. Im certain youve 						met plenty of men in the upper circles here on Broadway. Havent you? All we 						need to do is to find one of those upper-crust New Yorkers with a powerful 						reputation whod be willin to play our game and play it well. Someone whod 						benefit from what were tryin to do, either financially or through other 						means.  He let out a whistle. No wonder 						Yardleys so smitten. You bloody have a mind to match. Rounding her, the 						duke grabbed the decanter, refilling his almost empty glass. Slowly setting 						the decanter aside, he paused and turned back toward her. Mr. Astor. 						He would 						play along.  Georgia lifted a brow. And who 						is that? How well do you know him? Well enough to entrust him with our 						scheme?  He leaned against the sideboard, 						causing it to hit the wall. I would venture to say yes. His connections are 						astounding. From street to heaven. And he is quite the eccentric. He 						snorted.  Good. I want to do this. Can 						we?  Consider it done. The duke 						smiled, reached out and patted her cheek affectionately as if she were 						already his daughter-in-law. I will call on Mr. Astor in the morning when 						Im not sobashed out of my senses. The room is still spinning. Just a bit, 						but its spinning.  Georgia flung herself against 						him, wrapping her arms around his waist and squeezing him tightly against 						herself. How I pray youll feel the same come morning. Oh, how I pray. Will 						you even remember our conversation?  Of course I will. He awkwardly 						patted her back and kept on patting her as if silently pleading that their 						embrace end. And if I dontall you need to do is tell me that Augustine 						would spit upon my soul from the heavens if I didnt do this for our 						son.  She eased back and smiled. 						Augustine was your wife?  She was my soul. The dukes 						features twisted as he adjusted the sleeves of his coat and cleared his 						throat. Good night, my dear. Wandering over to the door, he pulled it 						open, and staggered out, slamming it behind himself.  A big rush of air escaped 						Georgias lips, leaving her standing there dazed and in disbelief. She was 						going to be a lady. A real one. That is if the duke could be trusted not to go 						back on his word. He was about as soused as any man could get.  Gathering her robe from around 						her feet, she slowly made her way back toward the large four-poster bed and 						fell into its divine softness. She let out a shaky breath, rolling herself 						regally onto her back. Robinson loved her. He loved her and it was time to 						love him back in the way he not only deserved but would never 					expect.  Spreading her arms and legs as 						far and wide as she could, she slid them up and down across the smoothness 						of beautifully clean and perfect powder-blue linens. Nothing was going to 						come between her and her man. Nothing.        Et tu, Brute? William Shakespeare, Julius Caesar (as 						published in 1811) AN HOUR LATER, A KNOCK ON the door startled Georgia into scrambling out of 						the bed shed been lounging in whilst examining all the labels of her 						makeup. Hurrying over to the door, Georgia paused only long enough to quell 						the fluttering in her stomach. She unbolted the door and edged it open. She 						paused and drew in an astonished breath.  Robinson lingered in the 						candlelit corridor outside, a dove-gray top hat in his black leather-gloved 						hands. His thick black hair had been brushed back with tonic and that square 						jaw was shaven and soft looking. A snowy silk cravat bound his throat, that 						well-muscled frame beautifully held together by an expensive embroidered 						waistcoat, well-cut morning coat, fine trousers and polished black leather 						boots.  He was even wearing another 						mourning band. It was as if he had formally returned to being the man she 						first met, and her Robinson, as she knew him, was no more.  She swallowed. It was as if he 						had remembered all that had once been.  Good evening to you, Georgia. 						His husky voice was endearingly soft as he heatedly met her gaze. I missed 						you.  The man said it as if he hadnt 						seen her in years.  Fingering the rim of his top 						hat, his gray eyes traced her hair. He searched her face. Your hair looks 						pretty. Very pretty, actually. I like it.  She paused. Patting the pinned 						curls the chambermaid had earlier arranged for her after her bath, she shyly 						lowered her gaze. He had never once commented on or noticed her hair before. 						It appeared as if he had indeed fully reverted to the man shed met on the 						street and she honestly didnt know what to make of it. Tis fancier than 						the rest of me, to be sure. I need a better gown to go with it. She shook 						out the calico skirts she had slipped into.  He half nodded and fell back 						into silence, his features tightening.  She sighed, sensing he was 						avoiding the conversation he had come to deliver. So where have you been 						all day?  He cleared his throat and 						shifted from polished boot to boot. I, uh, I went for a very long walk from 						one end of Broadway all the way down toward where it leaves the city and 						touches field. I never realized how big this city was until I started 						walking it. I took coffee several times and ate a meal on my own. It was 						depressing as hell, but I needed time to think about our situation. And no 						matter how many times I laid out those damn cards, Georgia, they still came 						up the same. Nothing but small cards and all of them unworthy of 						you.  She glanced up. She could hear 						the pain in his tone and could see the anguish in his stance and in those 						gunmetal eyes. Everythin is goin to be fine, Robinson. I 					promise.  Georgia. He leaned in closer, 						bringing with him a divine scent of mulled spice and cedar. His freshly 						shaven face lingered above hers, looking boyishly charming as he sought the 						right words.  His brows came together as he 						glanced down toward his top hat, whose curved rim he continued to finger. 						We must end this. I ask that you forgive me for submitting to this 						decision. It wasnt an easy one for me to make. I am actually hoping that 						you and I will be able to write and that I can visit you here in the States 						as often as you will allow. As friends. Because I wouldnt be able to 						entirely let you go. Even if you married.  Tears overwhelmed her. He didnt 						even sound like Robinson anymore, and what was worse, this man was giving up 						on them without even fighting. You remember your life. Dont 					you?  He wouldnt meet her gaze. 						Yes.  Raising herself up onto her 						stockinged toes, she leaned toward him, closing the space between them, and 						planted a gentle, pleading kiss on his full lips. Dont give up on me quite 						yet. Fight for me, regardless of what you remember. Fight for us. We can do 						this. We can take on London. I know we can.  He stiffened.  She pulled away and disclosed in 						a soft tone, Im sorry I was bein stubborn earlier and wasnt willin to 						compromise, given your duty to your father and your title. You have 						responsibilities to your name and family and I understand that now. I dont 						have a family dependin on me the way you have your father dependin on you. 						Which is why I intend to bend. I dont want the west. I want 					you. ROBINSONS JAW TIGHTENED AS HE resisted his need to grab Georgia and demand she 						not give him any hope when there was none to be had. A hot, clenching ache 						arose deep inside his throat as she blinked up at him, bringing attention to 						those incredible emerald eyes.  He tossed his hat and gloves to 						the floor and grabbed her. Ignoring the pinch of his still-raw palm, he 						pulled her roughly into his chest, burying her softness against his body. He 						possessively wrapped one arm tightly around her slim shoulders and pressed 						his other hand against her smooth cheek, feeling as if his chest would 						explode.  She gazed up at him, those 						pretty strawberry curls swaying against the sides of her freckled 						face.  His body overheated in anguished 						yearning. He kicked the door shut with his booted heel, making her stiffen 						against the resounding bang of wood hitting the frame.  Her green eyes 					widened.  He firmly pressed his hands to 						the sides of that silken face. Georgia, he whispered, holding her gaze. 						Even if I were to change my mind, you would only be molding yourself into 						something you are not. You deserve so much more.  Tears traced down her cheeks. 						All that matters is that Im your wife.  He swallowed. God, Georgia, 						dontdont do this to me. Im not about to let you destroy the last of you 						by making you kneel before others. Id have to kill everyone to ensure they 						didnt look at you as if you were somesomerag. I wouldnt be able to 						function.  I can put up my own two fists, 						Robinson, she whispered.  I know that, and though I love 						that about you, youve been putting them up for much too long and I Unable 						to stay away anymore, he lowered his mouth to hers. Forcing her mouth open, 						he urgently sought that hot satin tongue and buried his own tongue within 						the softness of her mouth. He ground his tense body against hers and 						devoured that mouth all the more, refusing to think about this being their 						final kiss.  Blindly exploring the soft 						outline of her smooth face through their kisses, he gently trailed his 						fingers alongside its soft surface. How he wanted to forever melt into that 						skin.  Slowly, he dragged his fingers 						away from her face and up into that thick, silky hair, enveloping himself 						with the beautiful sensation of touching her. As he sank deeper and deeper 						into the storming waves of a passion he knew he had never felt for 						any woman. 						He pressed himself harder against her, pushing her breasts and every inch of 						her body toward him with the hopes of remembering her without stripping her 						bare.  Her hands pushed at his chest, 						breaking their kiss.  She scrambled outside of his 						embrace. Dont be kissin me like that unless you plan on keepin 						me.  He reopened his eyes. He had to 						be stronger than this. For her. Im sorry. I shouldnt have done 						that.  She smoothed her hair away from 						the sides of her face. Im willin to fight for you. Im willin to become 						everythin you want and need me to be. All you need to do is say you want me 						and its done.  A shaky breath escaped his lips. 						I wont let you crawl in my name. I love you too much. We will simply have 						to accept that you will never be anything more than my dearest Georgia from 						Orange Street.  She stared at him as if she had 						just been slapped despite his proclamation of love.  Narrowing her gaze, she bit out, 						You barely got your mind back and youre already feckin it all up. In case 						you didnt know, Robinson, Orange Street is just that. A street. I have two 						feet to take me to any place I want to call my own. And I plan on doin 						exactly that. You told me you needed a woman to more than love you. You told 						me you needed a woman willin to fight for you even when youre unable to 						fight for yourself. And seein youve stopped fightin, Im about to prove 						my love to you in a way you have yet to prove yours.  Turning, she hurried over to the 						wardrobe and flung the doors open with a bang. Yanking all of her dresses 						off the hangers, she stuffed them into her wool sack. Shoving her feet into 						her boots, she yanked up the sack into her arms and turned toward him. Im 						headin over to Orange Street one last time and havin myself some whiskey 						with the boys. Ill be back in the mornin to settle some business with your 						father, but just so you know, thisll be goodbye until we see each other 						again next spring. Ill see you at the opening of the Season. Thats when 						you and I will make our relationship public.  Heat flooded his face. 						What?  Ill be visitin you in London, 						Lord Yardley. And Im announcin here and now that Im goin to make you crawl in a way you never 						crawled for any woman before. I hope youre ready for 					it.  He glanced toward her, capturing 						her gaze. Im trying to protect you and love you in the best way I know 						how. Why wont you let me?  Her features twisted as she 						rounded him, tugging her sack tighter against her chest. Because I love you 						and myself 						too much to settle for anythin less than a life together. Ill see you next 						year, Brit. And mind you, look both ways before crossin any street. I need 						you in one piece. She hurried past and headed toward the door, pulling it 						open.  He turned to follow her, his 						chest tightening. Georgia, I dont want you doing this. Not for 					me.  This isnt just for you. Its 						also for me. See you in April, Robinson. And dont worry. Ill make sure I 						make you look good. With that, she tugged her sack of clothes up toward 						herself and hurried out and into the corridor, disappearing from 						sight.  Winded, Roderick trailed over to 						the bed she hadnt even had the chance to sleep in and sat heavily on its 						edge, staring at the floor. Dearest God. How he prayed she didnt come to 						London. How he prayed. For her sake. Not his.        Nobility has its own obligations. Duc de Lvis, Maximes et rflexions (1808) Evening on a long, dark road just off Manhattan Square LADY BURTON AWAITS. Mischievous, hook-nosed and beady-eyed Mr. Astor grinned cheekily within the waving shadows of the carriage lanterns that barely sliced through the darkness. With a gloved hand, he reached out and enthusiastically patted Georgias cheek through her black veil, as if she were a horse he was about to race with his last dollar. You will find my friend to be most dedicated. Most.  Thank you, Mr. Astor. I appreciate all that youve already done for me.  Holding up a hand, Mr. Astor marched back toward the carriage and climbed into it with a dignified grunt. He disappeared inside without looking back as his footman refolded the stairs and shut the door before hurrying up onto his own seat in the back of the carriage.  And so she was merrily tossed toward an imposing house whose large, narrow windows were illuminated by the glow of light. Rain drizzled down upon her veil in a mist as Georgia gathered her satin skirts from around her slippered feet. She strategically avoided puddles on the narrow stretch of pavement, heading toward the lone farmhouse that sat ominously upon a night-cloaked field, surrounded by a vast, starless sky above. She hurriedly bounded up the wide, shadowed stairs leading to the main entrance and paused.  Letting out a shaky breath, she glanced back at Mr. Astors unmarked carriage one last time. The driver rounded all four horses through the thick mud, the lit glass lanterns attached to his box swaying against the shadows. Picking up its pace, the carriage eventually disappeared down the long stretch of road, trudging back toward the main city that was two miles out east.  Georgia scanned the glaring darkness beyond the porch she lingered on. There didnt appear to be a single house in sight and she didnt know if that was a good thing or a bad thing. She swiveled back to the door and tugged on the bellpull beside it, chiming the calling bell within.  The farmhouse itself belonged to a certain Lady Burton, who had endured some sort of scandal in London that Mr. Astor and the duke had refused to go into. It appeared the path of becoming a gilded lady was to commence on a very dark night in the middle of God knows where with a woman who had done God knows what.  The soft breeze of the cool summer night rolling in from the surrounding fields rustled her skirts as the entrance door was dragged open by an old man in livery. He blinked out at her, tufts of his bushy gray brows rising as he graciously gestured for her to enter with a white-gloved hand.  She hurried in out of the night.  The moment the door closed and she was no longer in public view, she stripped her bonnet and veil, releasing the breath shed been holding. She had made it without anyone seeing her. She paused within a large foyer decorated with potted orange blossoms. An oak staircase swept up to the floor above, giving an air of simple but impressive grandeur. Sea-green and white-flowered wallpaper covered all of the walls in sight, lending to a soft, cozy elegance.  The elderly butler took her veil and bonnet, placing them upon a side table. Setting a hand to the brass buttons on the waistcoat of his livery, as if he were a general about to march with orders, he guided her toward the right. His gloved hand eventually stretched toward a candlelit room beyond, indicating where she was to enter.  Georgia hurried into the room and paused to find it empty. Where was Lady Burton? She turned back. Isnt Lady Burton?  She blinked.  The butler had already disappeared.  Georgia awkwardly turned back to the room and lingered in the pale malachite drawing room, noting all of the paintings on the walls depicting lush, exotic landscapes of places she knew nothing of. Marble statuettes and a variety of gilded clocks scattered the mantelpiece of a most impressive marble hearth that dominated the large room.  So this was where shed be locked away from the world until she was ready to be presented into New York society. It was purgatory at its finest.  Wandering across the wooden inlaid floors, Georgia carefully angled past several upholstered chairs and gleaming marble-topped pedestal tables, ensuring her verdant gown didnt brush up against anything it shouldnt.  She glanced around, rather liking the place. Vibrant white lace curtains shrouded the night-blackened windows beyond, whilst pretty etched glass lamps alongside the expanse of the walls had all been lit, giving the room a warm glow that made her feel welcome and at home.  The clicking of heels echoed from down the corridor, drifting toward her through the open doors. Turning, Georgia set both hands behind her back and stared at the shadowed entryway, waiting for whatever was about to walk into her life.  A voluptuous, petite woman appeared in the doorway, her embroidered powder-blue evening gown rustling to a halt. Pinned sable curls streaked with silver swayed against the arresting movement, settling around sharp but pleasant features that whispered of a refined age of at least thirty. She wasnt particularly pretty but something about her was stunning. Velvet azure ribbons were intricately woven and braided into her hair, holding all of her gathered curls into place with a single visible knot that had been fashioned into a flower. The womans full lips parted, as black, hauntingly sad eyes met Georgias expectantly.  Georgia curtsied, sensing the woman was waiting for her to say something. Thank you for havin me, Lady Burton. Im ever so grateful knowin that youre willin to Having, knowing and willing, Lady Burton said in a smooth British accent, drawing out each word. You must learn to pronounce your gs.  Georgia blinked, sensing she had just been reprimanded.  Those haunting eyes met hers again as the woman stepped forward and into the room, allowing the butler to wordlessly slide the doors closed behind her and leave them in private.  The woman quietly observed her. A pleasure to meet you, Mrs. Milton. I look forward to educating you about London society and ask that you refrain from blurting words. Instead, allow them to leave your lips slowly to ensure control. Now say the following. I am ever so grateful knowing that you are here.  Oh, this woman was good. Georgia wet her lips and focused. Drawing out her words in a slow and steady manner, she repeated, Im ever so gratefulknowing that youre here.  That was passable but passable will not see you wed. Elongate each word. Say I am, instead of shortening who and what you are with a mere Im, and say you are instead of insulting me with youre. Now say it again and remember to pronounce your gs.  Yes, my lady. Georgia drew out her words slowly, controlling every sound as best she could. Iamever so gratefulknowingthat youarehere.  Lady Burton sighed, her dark brows coming together. We will focus on procuring a more natural, sophisticated tone. She paused, scanning her length. Given your ambitious plan to launch yourself into London society by April, our schedule will entail a grueling eight hours a day, allowing you rest only on Sundays, which will be spent in silent prayer. During daily hours of lecture, I hope never to hear the words I am exhausted or I cannot. Do you understand?  It was like being in the military. Yes, my lady.  Lovely. Now before I introduce you to your nightly routine, which you will carry to the grave, I would like to briefly test your basic understanding of protocol so I may better coordinate tomorrows lesson plan. Is that acceptable to you?  By all means. Have at it.  Lady Burtons brows lifted. Women do not ever have at it, my dear. Men have at it. And we most certainly do not care what men do, let alone what they think. We women will not be mentioning men at all unless it involves a lesson on how to make them better service us. Do you understand?  Damn. Who had dirked this woman? Yes, my lady. Ill not mention men again.  I will not mention men again.  Iwill not mention men again.  Very good. Now pay attention. The woman gracefully held up a small ivory card between slim fingers, as if shed been holding it all along between the folds of her gown. Presenting it at eye level, Lady Burton breezed closer, her full skirts rustling against poised, elegant movements. Do you know what this is, Mrs. Milton?  Georgia blinked. Acard?  Lady Burton paused before her and held the card tauntingly closer. Yes, but what sort of card? Do you know?  Georgia blinked again, not understanding her point. She glanced nervously toward the card, observing its characteristics. Tis a very expensive, crisp white one? With gold embossed letterin? Georgia paused and added, And as pretty as it is, its probably also perfumed or powdered.  Lady Burton pursed her lips. Still holding Georgias gaze, she daintily ripped the card in half and, with the flick of her wrists, sent both halves fluttering to the floor. It was a calling card, my dear. Until I ripped it in half in an effort to contain my disappointment in how hard you are going to make us both work. A lady never perfumes or powders her calling card. Why? Because it insinuates that she needs more than a name to carry her through respectable society. She sighed. Tis obvious we will be working ten hours a day, not eight.  Georgia cringed, sensing the woman was already agitated with her. You mean a lady goes about handin out cards to everyone? What for? Handing, Lady Burton chided, rounding her and scanning her again as if she were a smashed yam on a cart. And no, a lady does not go about handing her card to just anyone. Would you flip up your skirts and place your leg into everyones hand as a means of introducing yourself?  Georgia pressed her lips together and shook her head.  No. Of course not. Because that would be as crass as handing out your card to everyone. So as to better explain this, Mrs. Milton, a calling card is an incredibly important extension of your identity. It announces who you are, it announces where you live and, above all, it announces whether you are worth anyones time. She lowered her chin. And as of right now, my dear, you are not even worth mine.  Georgias lips parted. And she thought she had a tongue on her. Is it necessary for you to toss off to me in such a condescendin tone?  The tone I am using is the same condescending tone you will hear from the lips of every waxed apple who dares call herself an aristocrat. Seeing you willfully intend to marry into my circle, I suggest you learn to not only cradle everything known as condescending, but that you kiss its little forehead until those lips of yours bleed.  Satan clearly had a wife. Might I ask, why are you helpin me, aside from being Mr. Astors friend? With you bein a rich aristo and all, you certainly dont need money. Or do you?  Lady Burton lifted an arched dark brow. There are some things in life, Mrs. Milton, that cannot be bought. A womans way of life is difficult as it is without society weighing in on it. And in truth, the idea of twisting an invisible blade into the gut of London society is the only reason I am doing this. Those self-righteous bastards, who dare act like gods thinking their blood is pure, deserve to have their blood tainted.  Georgia swallowed, wondering what happened to this woman to turn her into this. London had to be a hell and a half to be breeding women like her.  Settling primly before Georgia, Lady Burton gestured casually toward her attire. Where did you get this atrocity?  Georgia awkwardly brushed the sides of her satin skirts, which she actually thought pretty. I rather like this gown. Mr. Astors wife gave it to me during my stay with them and her ladys maid was kind enough to cinch it to better fit me.  Lady Burton tsked. We will have to change what you like, my dear, because poor Mrs. Astor, along with half of New York, has no taste whatsoever. I could pay them all to go out and buy taste and they still would only disappoint me. She paused, glancing toward Georgias own breasts. Of course, you are terribly underweight. You need larger breasts if we are going to make you a success with men.  Georgias hands jumped to cover both of her small breasts buried within her satin bodice. She glanced down at them. I didnt realize I could make them bigger. She jiggled what little she had and glanced up. How do we do that?  Lady Burton daintily tapped her hand away from each breast. The secret is food, my dear. Something you clearly havent had enough of. Once you gain a far more desirable weight, only then will we invest in an extensive wardrobe. The Duke of Wentworth insisted that I build your name here in New York whilst he builds London. Therefore, once you are able to properly fill a gown, we will do our part by bringing in the most talented French seamstresses Broadway has to offer. That way, when our hired gaggle of French seamstresses are done, they will bustle off and share their succulent little tales of servicing an unknown wealthy lady just outside of New York. People in every circle will squirm to learn more about you and, in time, we will give them more.  Lady Burton held up a manicured finger. Now. Whenever in the presence of others outside myself, you will always abide by the golden rule of silence. That means whenever anyone enters this home or whenever you leave this home, you are not to speak. You have yet to learn how to articulate your words like a woman of quality and we do not want the wrong sort of oui-dire floating about New York, lest it take a boat and find itself in London. Do you understand?  This was like a ten-dollar circus she had stupidly paid for. That I do.  Good. Lady Burton casually waved a hand about, a diamond ring glinting. Over these next few weeks and throughout all the many months ahead, various men and women will be wading through these doors, tutoring you in the arts of dance, the pianoforte, riding and much more. The same rule will apply to them as to our lip-flapping seamstresses. You are never to speak, not even to say yes or no. You will only do as you are told. There will be no exceptions. Even if a candle should overturn and the house should catch fire, you will evacuate the premises in complete and utter silence.  Gorgia gawked at her. Even durin a fire? What if people die?  Lady Burton gave her a withered look. Let everyone and everything burn. Lesson onenever pity those who would merrily see you burn, in turn. These men and women servicing you are not your friends. They are but pawns we are using to win a game.  But wont they suspect were up to somethin? Given that Im learnin all of these things and not sayin a word?  No. Lady Burton smirked. They will all be informed to believe the following, which I myself so brilliantly scripted. Mr. Astor kindly brought you into his care after the death of your stern mother, who had locked you away in a monastery in Ireland, which shall forever remain nameless due to the heartache it always brings you upon its mention. Tragically, you were born frail. Illness has kept you in a bed all these years. It is merely by the grace of God Himself, who touched His hand to your blessed head, that you are finally well enough to learn all of the things that had been denied due to your poor health. This does not mean, however, that you will ever fully recover, as you are prone to fainting spells. Given Mr. Astors overly compassionate nature, his sole aspiration in life is to see you wed to a respectable man willing to look after your health, whilst he also tends to your impressive fortune of Mrs. Burton paused before announcing in an elegant, theatrical tone thirty thousand a year.  Georgia choked. Thirty thousand a year? Isnt that a bit much?  We could have easily made it more, given Mr. Astor is a millionaire in investments alone, but the duke and I decided it was best to settle on a more respectable amount that was impressive without being vulgar.  Georgia slowly shook her head from side to side, realizing this was all turning into a thousand and one pawns piled onto the smallest board shed ever seen. I know this is all my idea, but its still quite a bit to lie about. It feels wrong slaughterin so many people with so many fibs. Cant we ease off on some of the drama?  Lady Burton leaned in and pinched her cheek, teasingly cooing, Weep not for the aristocracy. They deserve it.  Georgia huffed out an exasperated breath, already feeling overwhelmed. They hadnt even started. Do ladies of quality ever have fun?  No. If you are having fun, the aristocracy considers you to be a whore.  Bursting into laughter, Georgia leaned toward her. Surely, you jest! You mean women dont ever dance or play cards or drink whiskey?  Lady Burton smirked. Do not make me laugh. While women dance and play cards in respectable moderation, whiskey is out of the question. As a lady of quality, you will only be allowed to drink tea, milk, hot chocolate, soda water, juice, champagne and wine. Nothing more.  Georgia groaned. But I like whiskey.  It doesnt matter what you like. Whiskey will never touch your lips again. Not even in the privacy of your own home.  Georgias eyes widened. I would think I have every right to drink whatever I want in the privacy of my home. Its my home, after all.  Ah, now, that is the American in you grouching, my dear. You Americans do love to flaunt your freedom, but remember, it always comes at the price of others. In London, ones home is the altar of a church you had best respect, for although you may think the world is not watching, all of your servants are. Oh, yes. Those naughty, naughty servants who dutifully bow to you left and right and say, Yes, my lady and No, my lady, are always looking to squeal to the rest of society. Tis the only power they have over their masters and the ton will use them to judge you and dunk your head into the Thames.  What good is bein rich if you cant do anythin? In my opinion, you Brits are missin the whole point. Even God had to take a piss on Sunday. Georgia set her hands on her hips. Are all Brits this morbidly uptight?  Yes. Why do you think I left? Lady Burton reached out and grabbed Georgia by the hands, forcefully removing them from her hips and yanking them down hard to her sides. You must learn poise.  Lady Burton paused, her dark brows coming together as she brought Georgias hands up between them. Turning them upward and exposing her palms, she drew in an astonished breath, glancing up. What have you been doing to your hands?  Georgia slid her hands out of Lady Burtons grasp. There isnt a thing I havent done with them.  Lady Burtons features softened. There appeared to be a genuine charity buried within her, after all. We will make them new again. A pumice stone and a daily soak in almond milk will ensure they soften. Now. Let me look at your pretty face. Reaching up, Lady Burton grasped Georgias chin firmly, tilting her face toward her before nudging it from side to side. Tragic though it is, freckles are not at all popular. We will have to fade them by using benzoin and cover them with powder whenever you are in public.  Lady Burton stepped back, tapping the tip of her finger thoughtfully against her full lips. I have decided on the name we will use. Miss Georgiana Colette Tormey. Georgiana will be easier for you to assimilate as it is but an extension of your real name, Colette gives you a dash of French class the British love and Tormey is of the Irish Gaelic that means Thunder Spirit. What do you think? Is it enough to seduce the masses?  Georgia smiled. I like it.  So do I. Lady Burton eyed her. Oh, how I dread the thought of watching you pick up a fork at breakfast tomorrow morning. I have a feeling you will be cracking the same egg for hours. That said, Miss Tormey, let us go upstairs. We shall begin your regimented nightly routine. Be forewarned, it involves knotting your hair with paper curls for the rest of your life.  Georgia cringed. She had knowingly condemned herself to almost a full year of this? Was any man worth all of this? She paused. Yes. Yes, Robinson certainly was. Damn him.        You are not worth the 					dust which the rude wind blows in your 						face. William Shakespeare, King Lear (as published 						in 1770) 9th of April, 1831 The 						opening of the Season in LondonRotten Row BY JOSEPH, SHE FELT LIKE A horse being led by a 					horse.  Georgia thought it so odd that 						the path she and her well-groomed horse were on would be called Rotten by 						the aristocracy given it was their bloody row.  Directing her horse at a slow 						pace alongside Lady Burton, whose gaze was primly fixed on the path leading 						through the park, Georgia tightened her gloved hands on the leather reins 						and prayed she didnt fall off the saddle.  On the path before us, if I am 						to believe the color of his gloves, is the infamous Lord Seton, Lady Burton 						announced in a casual tone, tilting her chin toward her. He has a twin. The 						two wear different-colored gloves to allow the public to differentiate them. 						Lord Seton wears white and his brother, Lord Danford, wears black. The two 						play at switching gloves all the time, but we are about to beat them at 						their own game. Do you see him? He is the only gentleman on the path before 						us and is heading our way.  Georgia scanned the dirt path 						before them, noting the only man visible through a crowd of carriage-riding 						mothers and their daughters just beyond Rotten Row itself. A young, 						dark-haired gentleman in a black horsehair top hat, garbed in a well-fitted 						riding coat and gray trousers, steadily veered toward them. His black 						leather boots gleamed in the sunlight with each trot of his black 						stallion.  Georgia glanced toward Lady 						Burton. I see him. Yes.  The purpose of this ride is to 						formally introduce you to London society and ensure everyone clamors to 						further know you. Lady Burton smiled and stared out before them, guiding 						her horse toward him. Follow me. From what I know, after poking about for 						good targets, Lord Seton is not only a flirt, but happens to be within the 						circle of your Yardley. Producing a flurry of male interest that will rile 						your Yardley into full cooperation is exactly what you want. So I suggest 						you make this Lord Seton notice you. And now is your chance.  You want me to entertain him? 						Here on the road? Georgia wrinkled her nose. Wouldnt that be considered 						crass?  No. Rotten Row is designed to 						showcase a womans potential. I am not asking you to flip up your skirts. I 						am asking you to smile. Do you want to marry or not?  Georgia sighed and guided her 						horse to fall into a trot beside the woman. Im ready to be 						showcased.  Good. Lady Burton glanced 						toward her with unusually bright and eager dark eyes. Now keep up. The 						moment he passes, hold his gaze as if he were Yardley himself and you wanted 						him naked. Then we pass and you are done.  No words?  No words. Respectable society 						excites very easily, my dear. Here in London, you are dealing with a very 						different breed of men. They are well-trained dogs, so to speak. But dogs 						all the same. Now here he comes. Silence and poise.  Georgia set her chin and kept 						her gaze trained on the young gentleman whose horse was about to pass their 						own. He casually glanced toward them, his dark eyes scanning Lady Burton 						before jumping to Georgia. His straight brows rose a small fraction as if he 						were genuinely intrigued.  In the name of every Five 						Pointer who would never see the glory of this day, Georgia heatedly met his 						gaze for a very long and very sultry moment and hoped to God it was sultry 						enough. Still holding his gaze, she lavishly smiled.  He slowly grinned, his shaven 						cheek dimpling rather adorably. A gloved hand came up to touch the rim of 						his hat as he passed.  Georgia inclined her head, in 						turn, before altogether ignoring him and sweeping her gaze back to the dirt 						path before her. She trotted on with her horse in silence until he 						disappeared off the path.  Lady Burton slowed their pace. 						Well done. And now the gossipmongers cometh. Remember. They can smell 						discomfort well over a mile and these two hags are no different.  An open black polished barouche 						with two elderly women well adorned in oversize bonnets and daffodil-yellow 						and teal-patterned gowns extravagantly embroidered with lace steered out of 						their path to round them. They slowed their horses and leaned toward each 						other, exchanging quiet words whilst glancing toward her.  Ah, yes. The 						gossipmongers.  In unison, they set their aged 						chins and veered closer, slowing their barouche. The eldest of the two, with 						thick white sausage curls, smiled and regally called out, My dear Lady 						Burton. Was New York truly that devoid of entertainment?  That sounded like an insult. 						Which meant it probably was.  Lady Burton feigned a gracious 						smile and slowed her horse so as to better engage them. I rather adored New 						York, but my American friend, the ever-charming Miss Tormey Lady Burton 						sweepingly gestured toward Georgia insisted that I join her and Mrs. Astor 						for the Season.  Both of the womens eyes 						widened. They stared up at Georgia in unison, almost bringing their barouche 						to a complete halt.  One of them eagerly leaned 						forward, searching Georgias face. Miss Tormey. I have heard so much about 						you. I am Lady Chartwell and this is my sister, Lady Hudson. We welcome you 						to Town.  Hudson. Like the river that 						never stopped piddling.  Georgia counterfeited a smile 						and tugged on the reins of her horse. Using her right boot against the side 						of the horse, she came to a halt. She focused on her words and her stance, 						knowing every breath counted. I thank you for the warm welcome and confess 						I am rather smitten with London. The gentleman are so civilized and the 						women so well dressed. You must recommend who oversees your wardrobe. Tis 						divine.  The two women beamed.  The one with the sausage curls 						smugly offered, The Nightingale over on Regent Street is where every lady 						ought to be outfitted whilst in London. They only hire seamstresses out of 						France and never replicate any of their patterns. She perused Georgias 						riding outfit and paused. I dont believe I have seen a riding habit so 						well put together. Was it assembled here in Town?  Georgia tried not to smirk. She 						thought shed never hear rich society compliment her outfit. So lovely of you to 						notice, Lady Chartwell, but no. It was assembled on Broadway in New York. 						Their seamstresses are all French, too. Though I will admit, I am rather 						bored with my current wardrobe. I will have to visit this Nightingales in 						the hopes of entertaining myself.  You will not be disappointed, 						the woman chimed in return. I do hope you will be able to find some time 						during the Season to call upon me and my sister over on Park Lane with Mrs. 						Astor. We have yet to meet her. I hear she will be acting as your chaperone? 						Is that true?  Yes, Georgia 					offered.  Noting that Lady Burton was 						bringing her horse to a trot and was silently signaling that it was time for 						them to go, Georgia did the same. It was a pleasure. I hope to see you both 						soon. Good day.  Yes. Good day. The two prodded 						their barouche onward, glancing toward each other in exasperation as if they 						had just witnessed a woman sprinting naked across Rotten Row.  Superficial bitches.  When they were well out of 						sight, Lady Burton tossed out, You did well.  Georgia sighed. Do I actually 						have to call on them now?  You said you would, so yes. You 						have to.  Georgia groaned. I hate 						London. This is probably where I should 						remind you that you have come to town to wed and stay in it.  Oh, yes. That. Georgia bit 						back a smile. I wonder what Robinson will think of me when he sees 						me.  He will most likely faint. 						Lady Burton paused, her dark arched brows suddenly rising. Well, well, 						well. It appears the row is more rotten than usual today. I love it. For the 						sake of your reputation, my dear, ignore these two men approaching on 						horseback. Heaven only knows who they are and what they want.  Georgia darted her gaze over to 						the two who were riding on black stallions in worn black coats, worn leather 						boots and no hats. One had black disheveled shoulder-length hair and the 						other had sunlit chestnut hair and a worn leather patch over 					hiseye?  Her eyes widened as she 						tightened her hold on the reins. It was Matthew! Matthew andColeman? What the bloody 						hell were they doing in London? Had they followed her?  Oh, this wasnt good. She 						couldnt let them see her lest they engage her in public and ruin 						everything.  She quickly yanked the rim of 						her hat as far down as it would go until she couldnt even see the road 						before her and only the reins in her hands. She also yanked the long 						trailing veil of her riding habit up and over her face, burying herself in 						it.  The veil never goes over your 						face, Lady Burton chided. Tis meant for decorative purposes 					only.  Not today it isnt. Georgia 						lowered her voice. I know those two. Theyre from New York. And of all 						things, theyre from my part of town.  Are they? Lady Burton sounded 						not only intrigued but smitten. She was quiet for a moment, then casually 						inquired, Might I ask who the man with the patch is? He looks rough enough 						to be fun.  Georgia glanced over at the 						woman in complete disbelief and though she couldnt see her because of her 						drawn hat and veil, she hoped to God she could convey that any interest in 						Matthew was a very, very bad idea. Hes the last person you want to ever 						involve yourself with. Hes a thief.  Lady Burton let out a laugh. 						All men are. Now quiet. Here they come.  Georgia prayed and brought her 						horse to a full trot in the hopes of passing faster.  A low whistle escaped who she 						knew to be Matthew. Apparently, Ive been living in the wrong city all my 						life, he drawled. Ladies.  She cringed as their horses 						trotted past one another. Georgia even sped up her horse in an effort to 						fling off the words Matthew had just unknowingly tossed at her.  Lady Burton called out for her 						to slow. Miss Tormey.  Georgia hissed out a breath. 						Flopping back her veil, she readjusted her hat and choked out, That was 						disgusting. I felt like I was being groped by my own brother.  Lady Burton aligned her horse 						beside hers and slowly grinned. Speak for yourself. I rather enjoyed 						that.        Then be not coy, but use your 						time, And while ye may, go marry: For having lost but once your 						prime, you may forever tarry. Robert Herrick, Hesperides 					(1648) 15th of April, 1831 The 						Wentworth home on Park Lane SPEAKING OF GRANDEURI was rather astonished His Grace had invited 						Miss Tormey 						into our circle. The moment she was announced, His Grace greeted her quite 						warmly, as if he was genuinely charmed. Curious, that. She must be of 						some 						notable worth. Lady Chartwell, I hear, was rather taken by her, as 						well.  You mean to say that 						Miss Tormey 						is here? There was a tsk-tsk-tsk and the fluttering of a fan. Whatever is 						the Season coming to? We only seem to acquire crawlers these days. The 						conspirator lowered her voice. Though I will admit I have been most curious 						to glimpse her. Is she really as beautiful as some claim?  There was a tittering, 						dismissive laugh. Tis but her coffers that make her breathtaking in the 						eyes of London, I assure you.  Roderick felt like gouging his 						ears out so he wouldnt have to listen to any more. At least his father had 						shown him some mercy and hadnt insisted that he stand by the main entrance 						to greet all of the incoming guests.  Swiping a flute of champagne off 						a silver tray, Roderick rounded yet another group of fan-fluttering, 						eye-darting women. Taking a long swallow of the tart-zinging coolness, he 						strode toward the farthest section of the candlelit ballroom.  Seeing his grandparents quietly 						lingering with a large group of men and women, he tightened his jaw and 						averted his gaze, hurrying past to avoid them. Tis all he seemed to be 						doing these days. Avoiding people.  He veered toward the farthest 						corner and paused, finding Lord Seton and Lord Danford leaning against the 						paneled candlelit wall, occupying his usual space.  Though everyone in London 						usually steered clear of the two men, given that they were twins notorious 						for placing monstrous bets on anything and almost always emptied the 						pockets of every man in a breath, Roderick rather liked Danford and Seton. 						They were good men who always donated whatever they won to local charities. 						They were two of the few gambling men in London who actually made the church 						proud.  As Roderick approached, he noted 						that their dark heads were still bent toward each other, their foreheads 						creased in what appeared to be a most serious discussion. Though the two 						brothers were impossible to distinguish by eye, they assisted the public by 						wearing different-colored gloves.  Rodericks brows came together 						as he veered in. Danford? Seton? Is everything all right? You two look a 						bit frazzled.  Both men paused from their 						conversation and glanced at him.  Danford pushed away from the 						wall, his coal-black eyes taking on that devious sparkle they were known 						for. Frazzled? More like dazzled. Always good to see you, Yardley. Even if it isnt 						all that often anymore, given this damned romance youre having with the 						university. What is this business with you being a professor, anyway? Youre 						making the rest of us look stupid and lazy, as always.  Roderick bit back a laugh. I 						just needed something to occupy my time. It keeps me out of trouble. 						And distracts me from thinking about 						Georgia.  Danford paused and waved 						Roderick over with the wag of his black-gloved fingers. Speaking of 						trouble  Roderick drew closer. 						What?  Seton, who was closest to 						Roderick, yanked him closer, almost spilling the champagne out onto his 						white gloves. Not what, my friend. But who. Seton leaned toward him, his 						shaven face bearing new mischief. Have you had a chance to meet Miss Tormey 						yet? By God, I did. Saw her over on Rotten Row a few days ago. I had to 						bloody send that woman flowers. She gave me thisthislook that Im still trying to recover 						from. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm.  There was that name again. No. 						I havent met her yet. Who is she?  A low, long whistle escaped 						Danfords teeth. That about says it all.  Roderick eyed them both. 						That was 						only a whistle, and not a very good one at that.  Seton lowered his voice, leaning 						toward him. Allow me to put this into words, Yardley. If this heavenly 						creature were surrounded by fire-spiked walls, I would climb said walls more 						than once to be with her.  Roderick smirked and hit the 						mans arm with the back of his gloved hand. More than once? Sounds like 						matrimony to me, you poor bastard. Have you formally introduced 						yourself?  Seton glared at him. Mother 						would have a fit.  Mine, too, Danford added. 						Given that we have the same mother. Ha.  Roderick eyed him. How old are 						you two bastards, anyway? Halfway to thirty? Since when do you need your 						mothers approval to marry? Set off to Gretna Green. Men do it all the 						time.  Speaking of Gretna Greenthere 						she is now. Danford and Seton angled themselves in unison to get a better 						look, resembling identical hounds pointing out the same hare to its 						master.  Seton reached out to Roderick, 						gesturing toward his champagne. Hand it up. Its not like youre drinking 						it.  Roderick rolled his eyes and 						shoved the glass into his hand. Dont choke.  I only ever swallow. Seford 						smirked and held up the glass in a half toast. To Miss Tormey and Gretna 						Green. It would break Mothers heart. He tossed the rest of the champagne 						down his throat and went back to staring. The more I look, the more I 						want.  Roderick glanced over to the 						woman in question, but couldnt see past the small group of men lingering 						around her and her chaperone. Adjusting his black evening coat, Roderick 						looked back toward Seton and Danford. Whilst you two can afford to gawk, I 						have a class to teach in the morning. I should probably retire. He pointed 						at each of them. Stay out of trouble. Its hard, I know, but we have to do 						the best we can.  Seton grabbed his shoulder with 						a white-gloved hand, blocking him with his own body to keep him from going 						anywhere. We should all go over and put ourselves on her dance card. Come 						with me. Im not doing this alone.  Roderick shoved Setons heavy 						hand from his shoulder, growing annoyed. Unlike you two, I actually earn my 						wages and havent the time for women or dance cards. Roderick tried to 						round him.  Seton jumped back in front of 						him and leaned in, poking his chest. Fifty pounds says the moment you lay 						eyes on her, class will teach itself. Im telling you, Yardley, this woman 						will lift more than your brows. Fifty pounds says she is the most 						attractive woman youve ever seen. Fifty. Are you in?  Easier money hed never made. No 						woman could ever be more attractive than Georgia. Fifty, it is. Where the 						hell is she? Ill point out every last flaw down to the nose.  Seton grabbed his shoulders and 						jerked him toward the direction he needed to look, better squaring him 						toward where she stood. There. She just came into view again. I dare you to find 						any fault with that.  Roderick blinked.  A regal-looking beauty with 						thick, pinned strawberry curls that had been piled to softly frame her oval 						face made him suck in an astonished breath. By God. The woman reminded him 						ofGeorgia.  He hissed out a breath knowing 						there wasnt an hour that passed when Georgia and her haunting words of 						finding him in London didnt come to mind. Hed been waiting for her ever 						since.  Edging back, he paused and 						skimmed the womans length, which had just come into full view, trying to 						make sense of what he was seeing. Despite what appeared to be a most 						striking resemblance, it couldnt be based on that figure alone.  This redhead was quite elegant, 						draped in a chartreuse off-the-shoulder full evening gown, trimmed with 						snowy lace that rounded an incredibly low-cut neckline boasting a set of 						impressive breasts. Large teardrop diamonds hung from her ears and throat, 						gleaming and shimmering against the vast candlelight.  As that curvaceous redhead 						daintily wrote several names onto her poised dance card with the pencil 						hanging from her gloved wrist, she glanced up and scanned the room. Her 						intent gaze rounded its way before settling on him.  She paused.  Stunning bright green eyes he 						knew all too well captured his gaze. Rodericks breath hitched as an inner 						shiver of awareness rippled throughout the entire length of his 					body.  Georgia.  A taunting whisper of a smile 						touched her full lips at seeing him openly stare. It was as if she were 						silently announcing, You are damned for the rest 						of your days, Robinson. Start crawling.  His throat tightened. His palms 						actually grew moist beneath the tightness of his white evening gloves 						knowing it was Georgia. His conniving son of a bitch of a father. 						That was 						why the man had insisted on his presence tonight and wouldnt desist until 						he came. He knew Georgia was coming.  Casually breaking their gaze, 						she gracefully set her chin as any other lady of the ton would do and 						returned her attention to the group of men gathered around her.  A gentleman leaned in toward the 						elderly woman who lingered beside Georgia.  Who the hell was 					that?  The elderly woman swept a gloved 						hand toward Georgia, who graciously inclined her head, briefly offering her 						hand to the gentleman before bringing up the dance card dangling from her 						gloved wrist. Four other gentlemen lingered, all patiently waiting to add 						themselves to her card, as well.  Roderick almost staggered. This 						couldnt be happening. He was not actually watching men of his circle gather around 						his woman 						from Orange Street.  Leaning in, Seton eyed him. 						And?  Still staring at Georgia, lest 						she disappear from sight, Roderick blindly reached out and seized Seton by 						the back of his neck, crushing it beneath rigid fingers. Yanking Seton 						close, he pointed to Georgia. What do you know about her? he rasped, 						trying to remain calm. And what are people actually saying about her?  Seton shifted toward him. After 						I glimpsed her over on Rotten Row riding with Lady Burton, I started digging 						around to find out more about her and it was well worth the dig. That there 						is Miss Georgiana Colette Tormey. She is the distant cousin of Mr. Astor, 						the richest self-made American millionaire who deals in furs across the 						world. Miss Tormey came for the opening of the Season just last week with 						Mrs. Astor acting as her chaperone. Mr. Astor insisted Miss Tormey have her 						Season here in London as opposed to New York. Do you know that conniving 						American bastard is hoping to have her married to one of our own? Boasting 						that nothing would best crown her wealth of thirty bloody thousand a year? 						Can you imagine running your fingers through all that money and that woman? Apoplexy 						take us all. Georgiana? From New York 						City?  Roderick dropped his hand 						heavily from the mans neck. Shit. So this was what shed been up to all 						this time when shed disappeared from his life without so much as an 						explanation, leaving him to fester in his own anguish and damn 					mind.  Roderick lowered his chin 						against his silk cravat, still staring her down. By God. She looked nothing 						like herself. If not for those emerald eyes he knew so well, he never would 						have recognized her. Hell, even her breasts had undergone a transformation, 						overfilling her embroidered bodice in the most tantalizing way.  Georgia primly turned toward a 						newly arrived set of gentlemen seeking introductions. She graciously 						extended an elegant gloved hand to each and smiled.  He had never thought her 						capable of accomplishing this. Or rather, he hadnt let himself hope. Edging 						closer, he purposefully angled himself to better see her past those gathered 						around her.  He intently watched her as she 						glanced and spoke in every direction but his. He swiped at his mouth, still 						in disbelief, and almost dug his teeth into his hand to keep himself from 						dashing for her and making an idiot out of himself. Whilst he was beyond 						flabbergasted and more than impressed, a part of him didnt know if he liked 						what he was seeing, because it simply wasnt her. It was an elegant and 						refined, overly gussied-up version of Georgia Emily Milton. Where was that 						fire he loved so much? Was it still in there somewhere?  He paused and glanced over at 						Seton and Danford, who were leaning toward each other.  Ive never been with a redhead 						before, Seton casually intoned, lowering his voice. Do you think she has 						freckles everywhere?  Roderick narrowed his gaze and 						snapped his fingers at them. Seton. Danford.  They both glanced toward 						him.  I have an announcement to 						make. Roderick pointed at each of their heads in warning and said in a tone 						that he hoped dripped with enough blood to make his point, If either of you 						so much as look at her again, let alone make any more inappropriate and 						vulgar comments about her, I will take my fathers ceremonial sword that 						hangs on the wall in the next room and gut you both with the same tip, 						impaling you together onto the doors of St. Paul. Because that there woman, 						who calls herself Miss Tormey, is going to be my wife by the end of this Season. 						So be sure to inform every last bastard in London of my intentions, lest 						they all die right along with you. Are we plain?  Seton blinked.  Danford gargled out a laugh and 						popped out a hand. Fifty pounds. Ill let poor Seton recover from his 						loss. Danford glanced over at Seton, adding, A hundred says she will move 						on to a better offer within the week, given that his interest will mobilize other men 						to do the same. Tis fair game for you now, Seton. Fair game. All you have 						to do is tell Mother that the Duke of Wentworths own son is making a run 						for it. You know the way she coos over the duke. Your success is 						assured.  Roderick shifted his jaw, dug 						into the inner pocket of his coat and yanked out whatever folded banknotes 						he had, not even bothering to count them. He slapped them all into Danfords 						hand. I will not only see your bet, Danford, but Ill raise it to 						ten thousand pounds. Ten thousand? Seton and Danford echoed in unison, shifting toward 						him.  Thats right, boys. 						Ten thousand. Roderick smoothed his cravat against his throat. Now if you will excuse 						me, I intend to formally introduce myself to Miss Tormey. Im not getting 						any younger.       Do not alarm yourself: I am not a 						thief, unless that title be attached to those who take from 					thieves. The 						Arabian Nights Entertainments (as 						published in 1792) MRS. 						ASTOR PURSED HER THIN lips and glanced toward Georgias dance card. To 						be considered a success, Miss Tormey, every last dance must be spoken for. 						Especially the waltz. That is as much true in the States as it is here. Why 						must you insist on keeping it unaccounted for?  Georgia tried to remain 						indifferent, even though she felt unbearably hot and unnerved in the stuffy 						heat of the room.  Everyones breaths seemed to 						press against one another and all of the walls. Even worse, the gown draping 						her body weighed more than six pails of water.  The inquisitive gaze of every 						man and woman in the room scraped across her skin and soul. Some of those 						glances were laced with genuine admiration. Some with indifference. Some 						were laced with a mocking haughtiness insinuating she wasnt worthy of 						breathing. Indeed, they were not only looking at her, but coming to their 						own conclusions as to what they thought of her. They were 						vulturesevery last one of themand they were circling and circling, waiting for 						signs of weakness.  Though her limbs felt heavy, she 						managed to offer Mrs. Astor a genteel reply, focusing on her diction. I do 						beg forgiveness, Mrs. Astor, but I wish to save the waltz for a gentleman 						worthy of it. She glanced toward where shed last seen Robinson, only to 						find that he had long disappeared. Surely, he had recognized her. She was 						sure of it given the way he had stared and stared.  Mrs. Astor shook her head, her 						gray-and-white coif swaying against the movement. I promised Mr. Astor you 						would be a success, and success isnt found by tossing opportunities. I will 						assign your waltz to the next worthy prospect who approaches.  Drat it all. Here she was, 						putting on a show in the name of love that would make Shakespeare stand up 						to applaud, and in the end, she was going to have to give it all away to the 						next flat, hair-parted fop who dared call himself a man. Mrs. Astor? a husky male voice casually inquired from behind 						her. Might I formally seek an introduction from the lady standing beside 						you?  Georgias heart skittered, her 						eyes widening. By all that was blue. It was Robinson. She bit back a gushing 						smile. He couldnt stay away.  Though she wanted to promptly 						turn and acknowledge him in her full glory, she decided to make him work for 						it as she had warned him she would, and remained indifferent even as a long 						drop of sweat trickled down the length of her back beneath her chemise and 						corset. She didnt even look at him.  Mrs. Astor glided toward Yardley 						with a more than enthusiastic smile. Tis an honor, indeed, my lord. She 						swept a lace-gloved hand to Georgia. This is Miss Georgiana Colette Tormey. 						She is the distinguished distant cousin to my dear, dear husband, Mr. Astor, 						who regrets having to stay abroad due to business. Miss Tormey? Mrs. Astor 						gestured toward Yardley. This is the Marquess of Yardley, the son of our 						host, His Grace, the Duke of Wentworth.  Georgia casually turned to 						Robinson and regally outstretched her gloved hand toward him. Although it 						was difficult, she tried to appear bored. My lord.  Those seductive gray eyes 						intently clung to her face with a sensual determination to seize her every 						last breath. He grasped her hand, the warmth of his large gloved hand 						tightening with an urgency that pinched. He lifted her gloved hand to his 						lips and fiercely kissed her knuckles, covertly and quickly nipping her 						glove and the skin with his bottom teeth. He met her gaze again and grinned, 						saying in a most provocative and suggestive tone, I am without 						breath.  You flatter me, she drawled, 						withdrawing her hand.  His grin faded as his gaze 						dropped to her throat and then her breasts before returning to her face. Is 						the waltz available, Miss Tormey?  The heat of the room and having 						him so close overwhelmed her and frayed the last of her vision. Until that 						moment, she never realized a man really could make a woman swoon. RODERICK JUMPED FORWARD and grabbed 						hold of Georgia as she limply spilled toward him. His heart pounded as he 						frantically adjusted his hold on her arm and waist, trying to keep her from 						cascading to the floor. Was it the heat? It had to be, given that he himself 						was sweltering.  He gathered her into his arms in 						one smooth motion.  Mrs. Astor gasped as others 						paused to stare. Unfolding the fan dangling from her wrist, she hurried 						toward him and frantically waved her fan over Georgias flushed face. Tis 						dreadfully hot in here. I dont blame her.  She needs cooler air. 						Rodericks fingers dug into Georgias limp softness, a pulsing knot 						overtaking his ability to breathe. He whipped toward the entrance hall, 						stalking as fast as he could through the crowd. Though the music and dancing 						continued, the rumbling of voices and whispers around him lifted to a 						crescendo that pierced his ability to think or breathe. He glanced down 						frantically at Georgia as he hurried across the floor, her face still tucked 						and buried against his heaving chest.  He tightened his arms around her 						and moved faster and faster, weaving through others.  Several men, including Seton, 						who had made a sprint from the back, hurried toward him.  Is there anything we can do, my 						lord? someone insisted.  Roderick rounded them. Hunt 						down my father.  Two of the men darted off, 						disappearing into the crowd.  Seton anxiously trotted 						alongside him, trying to keep up and glancing repeatedly toward Georgia. He 						quickly leaned in and tried forcefully wrenching Georgia out of his arms. 						Allow me to carry her for you.  Gritting his teeth, Roderick 						shoved Seton back with the weight of his shoulder. I will see to her 						myself, he growled out, shoving his way past all of them.  Despite the crowd pressing in on 						them to catch a glimpse of Georgia, Roderick barreled onward, shouldering 						his way through and forcing men to hop-foot out of his path.  Heading into the cool stillness 						of the vast corridor, he bounded up the length of the sweeping marble 						stairs, tightening his hold on Georgia, and hurried toward the guest 						chamber.  A tap-tap-tap on his shoulder made him 						jerk to a halt and glance down.  Georgias weary but 						sharp-looking green eyes searched his face. Sorry about that.  His throat tightened as he 						trained his eyes before him and resumed his pace. You are done for the 						night. And needless to say, I am not at all pleased with the way you 						disappeared. Regardless of your reasons.  Angling Georgia sideways, 						Roderick hurried into the bedchamber and closed the door behind them. He 						strode over to the four-poster bed and draped her across the feathered 						mattress, ensuring her legs were pulled straight and that her skirts covered 						her. Leaning over her, he quickly arranged all of the pillows behind her 						head, tucking her into them, and drew up the linens to cover her.  We might as well settle this 						here and now. Georgia grabbed his coat by the lapels and yanked him down 						toward herself with surprising force. He gasped as his body fell into hers, 						crushing her softness beneath his tense muscles.  He tried to shift away, but she 						fiercely held on to him, weighing him down toward her. Georgia  I have infiltrated your circle, 						Lord Yardley, she tossed up at him. Now the real fun is set to begin. She 						primly settled herself back against the pillows, nestling herself against 						them, and arranged her skirts with a more than smug smile. What do you 						think of Miss Tormey? Impressive, isnt she? You should see this woman trot 						a horse. Every man was craning his neck on Rotten Row. Every man. Some even 						whistled. Though Ill never tell you who.  He heaved out a breath, not 						knowing how he was to even begin apologizing, given all he put her through. 						Im sorry, Georgia. Im sorry I didnt have more faith in you.  Do you know that Lord Seton 						almost fell off his stallion when he first saw me? Do you also know that in 						three short days, he not only found my address but sent me four dozen 						flowers in one basket along with a request to call? All because I looked at 						him and smiled. You aristos are so easy to bed. Though I do plan on letting 						him call. I rather like that adorable dimple that appears on his cheek when 						he smiles.  Roderick gave her a long, black 						layered look, not in the least bit amused. You won. I lost. Are you quite 						finished?  She paused. Far from it. I told 						you I would make you crawl, and crawl you shall. Erasing all emotion from 						her pretty powdered features, she breathed out a delicate, albeit dramatic, 						breath and regally settled herself back against the pillows. Draping the 						back of her gloved hand gracefully against her forehead, she fluttered her 						eyes shut. Lord Seton is all things divine. As is his brother. I imagine it 						would be like getting two men for the price of one.  His lips parted. By all that was 						twisted. She had not only learned the ways of a lady, but the ways of a 						seasoned actress! He leaned in and grabbed her nose, twisting it hard enough 						to ensure it hurt. Ow! 						She winced and swatted at his hands, shoving them away from her nose. That 						hurt.  Im glad for it. That is for blatantly 						trying to make me jealous when I am clearly repentant. He shook his head, 						scanning the pompous amount of shimmering large diamonds covering her 						throat. Those diamonds rested atop plump, cock-twitching breasts that pushed 						tauntingly against a very tight bodice. My, my, my. What have you done to 						yourself? I have yet to decide what I think of it.  She casually redraped a hand 						across her forehead, feigning boredom. I intend to tote this with pride and 						make you squirm all Season long, which will give you plenty of time to 						decide what you think of it.  His eyes clung to hers, daring 						her to make him squirm and crawl. I dont need time. And you will be 						kissing me and telling me that you love me in less than a minute, Georgia. 						So get to it. Were done playing games.  You clearly dont know 						Georgiana.  Oh, I think that I 					do.  Let us forget what you 						think. Let 						us talk about my breasts instead. You want to touch and fondle them, dont 						you? Admit it. You do.  She really was something. He 						waved his forefinger toward them. In truth, I think they are overdone. I 						preferred them the way they were. Small. Less men notice small breasts. As 						such, I ask that you get rid of them.  She feigned a laugh. Sadly, 						theyre nonreturnable, because Im not giving up my painted clairs. Id 						sooner remain a spinster than give up the few joys a lady is permitted without 						being considered a slut. Unless, of course, you think sucking on a painted 						clair is the equivalent of sucking on your cock.  He lowered his chin. Beneath all 						that finery, she was still his Georgia. Thank bloody God. Enough. You have 						made your point.  Georgia haughtily adjusted her 						draped hand against her brow and tossed up at him, I dont think I 						have.  He swiped a hand across his 						face, glancing off to the side before shifting back toward her. Jesus 						Christ, Georgia. Do you really intend to draw this out? I have suffered more 						than enough all these months without hearing a word from you and dreading 						you were going to show up at my door naked just to give the ton something to talk 						about. And the sad thing of it? I wanted you to do it. I wanted you to show 						up naked.  She paused, peering up at him 						past her limp hand draped against her forehead. That would have actually 						been a good idea. But I have bigger plans. Something that involves a lot 						moresuffering.  Shifting against the bed, he 						leaned down closer toward her draped figure and growled down at her, I dare 						you to draw this out.  Dare taken.  Stripping his gloves, he whipped 						them onto the bed.  He then skimmed his hand across 						her throat and leaned down and kissed the smooth, powdered skin just above 						the upper round of her left breast. Im sorry. The tantalizing scent of 						lemon blossomed from her heated skin as he dragged his lips across its 						softness. Take me back, Georgia. For Gods sake, take me back. Take this 						idiot back so that he may spend the rest of his life making it up to 						you.  She snorted. You are going to 						have to do better than that, Yardley.  He kissed the well of her 						throat, firmly pressing his lips against that throbbing pulse, and then 						licked its entire length, causing her to suck in a breath. If you havent 						noticed, your Robinson depends on you for everything. It would be nothing 						short of cruel to deny him of you.  Im not taking you 						back.  He lifted his head from the heat 						of her throat and glared at her. Georgia, Christ. Are you serious? Ive 						barely been in your presence for forty minutes and Im already 						exhausted.  Yes, well, Im the one who is 						really exhausted after almost a year of dont do this and dont do 						that lest 						you be called a whore. Do you have any idea how hard it is being a 						lady?  He lifted a brow. Do you have 						any idea how hard it is being a lord? Especially after having met 						you?  She sighed. Now I do. Tis piss 						hard, is what. These bastards expect the world from us yet give us nothing, 						in turn, but superficial airs laced with misery.  He bit back a smile, rather 						impressed she had already learned their role in society. Whatever you want, 						you shall have from here on out. You have more than earned it, madam, and I 						look forward to crawling for the rest of my life.  He grabbed up her hands, 						stripping her gloves, and kissed their softness repeatedly. He paused and 						held up one of her hands, fingering its smoothness. His gaze snapped to hers 						in disbelief. Your hands.  I know. It took a lot of 						scrubbing and daily soaks. Theyre still not what they should be, but in 						time, they will be.  His heart squeezed as he glanced 						back down at those hands that seemed so small in comparison to his own. Oh, 						Georgia. He kissed the tips of her fingers and then those knuckles. A part 						of me is so sad to know that I have forced you to change yourself and your 						life merely to be with me. He kissed her hands again. I will miss my 						Georgia. I will miss her so damn much and only pray she wont entirely 						disappear.  She slowly smiled, watching him 						kiss her hands. Releasing her hands, he dragged his own down the length of 						her body and back up again, reveling in the feel of her softness and the 						smoothness of her silk embroidered gown.  His chest tightened, along with 						every muscle in his body, realizing that this and she were real. She was here in London. 						With him. God, did I ever miss you, he whispered. I waited and I waited 						for you to come. It was torture of the worst sort. I cannot believe you did 						all of this for me. I am beyond honored.  She raked her hands and nails 						through his hair. I cant believe it, either. You owe me.  I know I do. He leaned in, 						angling his mouth toward hers. Be forewarned, this is about to get 						rough.  Now, now, keep it all buttoned 						up. She sat up on the bed, daintily scooting out of his reach and away. She 						scrambled out of bed, hopping down to the floor with a soft thud and rounded 						the bed with the click-click-click of slippered heels as she sashayed her way to the 						closed door.  He paused and then swung toward 						her direction, the linens dragging up and shifting beneath his movement. 						Wait. What are you doing? Where are you going?  This isnt Orange Street, you 						know. I have a reputation to uphold and I dont trust you any more than I 						trust myself. Opening the door, she pushed it wide with the graceful thrust 						of a gloved hand. That will ensure we dont get into trouble.  She paused, glancing toward the 						empty corridor beyond the open door, and then turned toward him, dragging up 						one side of her gown. Gathering the vast amount of material, she exposed the 						shapely length of a leg draped in a white silk stocking that was held in 						place above her knee with a tied bright red garter. Do you like my 						stockings? I just bought them. Theyre silk. After we marry, you may take them off. 						If youre deserving of it, that is. She primly dropped her skirt with a 						rustle and rearranged her gown.  He slid off the bed, his muscles 						roaring in lust. Only Georgia could ever make him crawl and make him love 						every moment of it. Striding toward her, he purposefully towered before 						her.  She snapped her gaze up to his 						face.  He grinned. How about we close 						the door and tell London to go to hell?  She stepped toward him and poked 						him hard in the chest. Go get Robinson before I dirk you, 					Yardley.  He tsked and grabbed her by the 						waist, and holding her firmly against himself, he grazed the tip of his 						finger across her powdered cheek. It appears Im not the only one going by 						more than one name, Miss Georgiana Colette 						Tormey.  Georgia smacked his shoulder and 						lowered her voice all the more. Georgia is no more until after we marry. Do you 						understand? There is to be no touching or kissing until I legally become Lady 						Yardley. You hear?  I hear, he murmured, searching 						her face. Will you at least please pass on one last message from me to 						Georgia, Miss Tormey? Given that I wont be seeing her again until my 						wedding night?  A smile touched her lips. What 						is your message, my lord?  Glancing toward the door and the 						still-empty corridor, Roderick leaned down, grabbed her face and kissed her, 						aggressively parting those soft, warm lips with his own. Closing his eyes 						and giving in to an ecstasy he never thought hed know again, he kissed his 						Georgia passionately and lovingly and erotically, tracing her teeth and her 						tongue and her lips before releasing her.  He stepped back, opening his 						eyes, and hissed out a breath, wishing it didnt have to end. Tell her that 						I love her.  Georgia lingered before him with 						her eyes still closed, and her chin tilted upward, those full moist lips 						parted as if half expecting his return. She eventually opened her eyes and 						whispered, Ill be sure Georgia knows.  Quick footfalls echoed from down 						the corridor heading their way. Yardley? 						the duke yelled out, those steps now 						breaking into a run. Yardley!  Her eyes widened. She gathered 						her skirts and dashed back to the bed, her slippers skidding across the wood 						floor. Scrambling up and onto the mattress, she frantically arranged herself 						and her skirts around her, before draping herself calmly and demurely onto 						the bed.  Roderick dragged in a 						much-needed breath. He doubted any woman had ever gone this far for a man in 						the name of love. I ardently hope you feel better soon, Miss Tormey. I 						would hate for you to have come all this way only to never see past a bed. 						Though I have a feeling illness may overtake me soon, as well, and we will 						both be confined to the same bed. What will London say? Shh! Her head jerked up to give him a reprimanding glare before settling 						herself back against the pillows.  He grinned. Yardley! The duke skidded into view and stumbled into the 						doorway, his face panicked and flushed. How is Georgia?  Quite well, Your Grace, she 						called out, a hand darting up into the air before it dropped back down onto 						the mattress. No need to panic.  The duke huffed out a breath. 						Good. One less thing to worry about. This night is about to turn into a 						mess.  Rodericks grin faded as he 						swung fully toward his father, his pulse roaring. Does someone already know 						about Georgia? No. 						The duke jumped toward him and seized him by the lapels of his coat, shaking 						him. Atwood arrived into town. Hes downstairs. He approached his father 						just this morning, demanding he fess up to what had led to his 						disappearance, but the man is denying everything, along with his legitimacy, 						and there appears to be no goddamn proof of his likeness anywhere. I havent 						told Atwood yet, but I mean to help him. I mean to help him in the name of 						your mother. So, God save me, I am about to not only publicly turn against 						your mothers family, but I am about to dig up that portrait that was buried 						with her thirteen years ago to prove his likeness and who he is. Are you 						with me in this? Will you see me through this, knowing Atwood is all we have 						left of your mother?  Bloody hell. All of Londons 						mightiest bridges were about to come falling down. Roderick swallowed 						against the tightness overtaking his throat and half nodded in a daze, 						knowing he had no idea what he was getting himself into. Yes. I am 						with you.  Good. Good. I want you to go to 						him. Go! He is in the study and I have to tend to my guests lest this turns 						into a circus. Ill join you as soon as I am able. Keep him in the study, 						and for Gods sake, dont let anyone see him. The man will only scare 						people. I told him he really needs to do something about his appearance. Now 						go. Go to him. Ill be there in about a half hour. His father turned and 						jogged back out.  Glancing back at Georgia, who 						had sat up, Roderick pointed at her. Stay where you are. Keep playing the 						game. Ill be back.  He dashed out of the room and 						sprinted down the corridor after his father, knowing full well he was going 						to finally see the face of a man he had yet to remember. The face of what 						had started this all.  Pounding down the stairs and 						weaving past guests that were lingering outside the ballroom, he jogged 						toward the closed doors of the study. He slid both doors open and quickly 						stepped in, sliding them closed behind himself.  The solid broad back of a tall 						man, whose shoulder-length, disheveled black hair bore whispers of silver, 						lingered before the portrait of his mother, the Duchess of Wentworth. The 						one he, his father and Yardley used to pray before every Sunday after 						church. It appeared Atwood was praying, too, the way he stood in silence. 						The black boot-length riding coat he wore was heavily frayed to gray and 						even bore a rip at the curve of his shoulder. It was as if he had crawled 						out of the Five Points itself.  By God, he was about to meet and 						face yet another blank he had never regained. It was eerie. The floorboards 						creaked beneath Rodericks boots as he slowly made his way toward Atwood. He 						paused several feet behind him.  The man continued to blankly 						stare up at his mothers pale face and those soft gray eyes as if in a 						trance.  No portrait did her justice. 						Rodericks voice echoed in the room, sounding a bit more nervous than he 						intended.  Atwood turned and fully faced 						him. The yellowing glow of the studys candles illuminated a shaven, lean 						face framed against disheveled, shoulder-length black hair. Cool ice-blue 						eyes that bespoke of a hard life held Rodericks gaze. His large gloved hand 						gripped the hilt of a dagger that was sheathed and attached to the leather 						belt resting on his hip.  Im your nephew, Roderick 						offered to reassure the man that the blade was unnecessary. 						Yardley.  I know who you are, Atwood 						replied in a low but casual tone that was laced with an accent that appeared 						to be an odd combination of American and British. We met. Back in New 						York.  Roderick swallowed. Forgive me 						for not being able to remember. I had an incident that  I know. You neednt worry. Im 						not all that memorable, anyway. Atwood eyed him. Allow me to get to the 						point of my visit tonight, nephew of mine. One I have yet to convey to your 						father. After a less than constructive meeting with my father this morning, 						who refused to let my mother see me, I have decided to kill him. Tonight, 						actually. After he leaves this house and heads into his carriage. And I 						intend to have all of London witness it. Why am I telling you this? Because 						when you are brought before the jury, I dont want there to be any doubt as 						to what my motives were. Tell them it wasnt revenge but a savage need for 						peace.  Roderick stared, not knowing 						what astonished him more. Those words or how casually he had said them. 						Dont do this. Killing him will only see you hanged.  Exactly. Peace.  Oh, no. No, no, no. The man was 						not about to do this and drag him and his father into another nightmare. He 						edged toward him. Killing him and then getting yourself hanged will change 						nothing.  Atwood flexed his leather-gloved 						hands. I know.  Hell, the man was serious. Not 						to mention absolutely insane. Uncle. If you do this, you will not only 						destroy yourself, but you will ruin my father, and me, as well. Youll also 						be destroying the wife I hope to take and the children I hope to have. All 						we would ever know and hear and see would be the blood you rashly spilled 						and the mess you left for us to mop up.  His uncle pointed a gloved 						finger to his own head. I am not going to live inside this head a breath 						more.  It was as if he were meeting a 						deranged version of himself prior to regaining his memory. No one 						understands you more than I. Believe me. Living within a head you would 						rather step out of is a curse of the worst sort, but there are ways to allay 						the misery. But not like this. You will find it through the support and love 						of your family.  Atwoods face darkened. The 						Sumners are not my family.  Right you are in that. The 						Sumners are not. But we are. I am. My father is. My father loves you given 						all that you represent. He loves you enough to unearth his own wifes 						remains, which I know will kill him considering what she meant to him. 						Despite that, you mean to dirk him? You mean to dirk the last person who 						remains standing in your corner in order to entertain some morbid urge for 						revenge?  Atwood searched his face. He 						means to disturb my sisters grave? I wont have it.  Tis the only means we have of 						proving your legitimacy. My father told me about my grandfather denying your 						legitimacy, but this would prove it. Tis the only known portrait of you 						in existence with a label of your name and it lies buried with my 						mother.  Atwood momentarily closed his 						eyes. She was buried with my portrait?  That she was. She carried you 						upon her lips and within her heart until her last breath was taken and spent 						her entire life wanting to find you. If you dont mean to honor the living, 						Uncle, I ask that you at least honor the dead. My mother deserved as 						much.  Atwoods features twisted as he 						swung away. After a long moment of silence, he turned back and wordlessly 						unfastened the leather belt from around his hips. He folded the belt around 						the sheath of his dagger and held it out. Take it before I use 					it.  Roderick grabbed hold of the 						belt and dagger, a breath escaping his lips. He tightened his hold on the 						worn leather and slowly shook his head. You need to find peace.  Atwood set his shoulders and 						slowly rounded him. I hear death is a nice long sleep. Sounds peaceful 						enough to me.  Roderick drew in a ragged breath 						and let it out. Take back the life that was so maliciously taken from you 						and create something worthier. Surround yourself with people who will love 						you and support you whilst taking your place back in our circle where you 						belong. That is how you will find and know peace. Give yourself a chance to 						know it. Consider starting a family and commencing anew.  A gargled laugh escaped his 						uncle. Taking an aristo for a wife, whod never understand the chaos within 						me, would only beget children whose bedtime stories would involve my 						nightmares. I dont think so.  Turning toward him, Roderick 						offered in a sympathetic tone, You underestimate a womans worth and her 						ability to redefine a man. A woman can give you hope in a world that has 						none. She can fight for you when you have ceased fighting for yourself and 						everything you believe in.  Atwood glanced toward him. 						Smitten, are you?  Beyond. You should be so 						lucky.  Atwood smirked. Distract me. 						Whats her name?  Roderick bit back a smile. Her 						real one? Or the one she is parading under? For I will confess I am about to 						marry two women for the price of one. She is divine intervention. I have 						never known anyone or anything so exquisite.  I could use a little divine 						intervention. His uncle strode back toward him and leaned in. The smell of 						leather penetrated the air. Would you be willing to share her with your 						uncle from time to time? When Im feeling particularly lonely? Or are you 						the territorial sort?  Roderick tossed aside the 						leather belt and blade with a resounding clatter, lest he use it himself, 						and stared his uncle down, fury streaking through his body and his mind. Do 						I look amused?  Atwood snorted and patted his 						cheek, the cool leather grazing his skin. Now, now, you aristos are so 						easily ruffled. I was joking.  Were you? Roderick reached out 						and purposefully gripped the mans muscled shoulder hard, digging the tips 						of his fingers into the flesh beneath. Dont cross the only family you have 						left, Atwood. Dont even joke about it.  His uncles ice-blue eyes seemed 						to be taunting him. You neednt worry, nephew. I only cross those that 						cross me. And you havent crossed meyet. Flinging Rodericks hand away, 						he started backward toward the doors of the study, still holding his gaze. 						I think Im going to like London. There are just so many civilized people 						crawling around my boots looking to lick them clean. Now if youll excuse 						meI intend to find myself a dance partner and scare the shite out of 						people.  Swinging away, he slid open the 						doors with a single sweep of his long arms and disappeared with the 						billowing movement of his long riding coat.  Roderick winced, knowing he was 						supposed to keep Atwood in the study, but had a feeling all of London was 						fecked either way. So he let him walk, thankful to no end that he had 						Georgia to see him through whatever mess lay ahead.       EPILOGUE       EPILOGUE mnia vincit amor; et nos cedamus 						amori. Love conquers all things: let us, 						too, surrender to Love. Virgil, Eclogues: Book X (70 						BC19 BC) Seven years later, evening 						The Tremayne household in London THE DOOR TO THEIR BEDCHAMBER creaked open 						inchby inchby inchby inch.  Georgia sat up against the 						pillows, setting aside her needlework, and tapped at Rodericks open book. 						Tis set to begin.  Roderick slapped his book shut 						and tossed it with the flick of his wrist onto the linen before them, 						shifting toward the door. Adjusting his robe, he called out toward the 						now-open door, The answer is still no. So I suggest you go back to the 						nursery and mope about it to your brothers, who have yet to care about 						anything beyond milk.  Their daughter, Ballad Jane, 						padded into the room, twirling her dark braids, and eventually paused beside 						their bed, her large green eyes darting from Georgia to Roderick. Uncle 						Atwood wouldnt say no to me. Nor would Uncle Milton.  Georgia glanced over at Roderick 						and drawled, Now, how can you argue with that?  Roderick threw back his dark 						head and huffed up at the ceiling, The answer is still no.  But, Papa Ballad fell 						against the edge of the bed in exasperation, leaning toward him. Reaching 						up, she patted both hands against the mattress she barely reached, each pat 						emphasizing every word she insisted on saying. I really, really want an 						elephant. Preferably a girl elephant. No, not preferably. Definitely. 						Definitely a girl elephant. It can sleep with me. I dont mind. Really. 						Please? I 						only want one.  Georgia burst into laughter. 						That child is yours, Robinson. Not mine. You were the one to read her all 						of those stories about India. Now handle it.  He sighed. Come here, love. 						His dark brows came together as he leaned toward the edge of the bed, 						reached down and yanked their daughter up and onto his lap.  Settling her into place and 						yanking her white nightdress down over her small stockinged feet, he lowered 						his head to hers, intently holding her gaze. Where on earth are we going to 						keep an elephant in the middle of London? Animals of such size are only 						meant for the wilderness. Even Hyde Park would make the poor thing feel 						unwelcome. How about we get you a dog instead? The biggest one we can find? 						Or a pony? Would you prefer a pony?  Ballad puckered her lips as if 						he were 						being ridiculous. I dont want a dog and I dont want a pony. Everyone has 						dogs and ponies in London and I dont want what everyone else has. I want an 						elephant. No one has any of those.  A laugh rumbled out from 						Rodericks lips. There is a reason for it.  Papa, pleeeeeease. Ballad 						clasped her six-year-old hands together and shook them up at him pleadingly. 						I will never, ever, ever ask for anything again.  He sighed. The answer is still 						no and you are old enough to understand why I am saying no. Are we 						done?  Ballad dropped her clasped hands 						into her lap. She glanced up at him and swept a finger out toward Georgia. 						Mama said that if we take up Grandpapas offer of living at his estate in 						Surrey, there would be more than enough room for an elephant, given all the 						acreage he has. Cant we call on Grandpapa and tell him we are moving in? 						That way, I get to see him every day and I get an elephant.  Roderick turned to Georgia, 						glaring at her. You didnt actually promise her an elephant if we moved in 						with my father, did you?  Georgia grinned and leaned 						toward him. You wanted a big family, Robinson. It doesnt get any bigger than 						that. She jabbed his shoulder. Butif the elephant is a bit much, and Ill agree that 						it is, I suggest we take the child to India for a few months instead, lest 						we never know peace. Ive always wanted to go. Wouldnt it be 					fun? Fun? Roderick eyed them both, even as his daughters eyes had lit up at 						Georgias suggestion. Crawling into the mouth of a crouching tiger in the 						middle of a sweltering jungle is not what I call fun. How about we go to 						France?  Ballad crossed her arms and 						huffed out a breath, grouching, I never get anything. Not the pistol that I 						wanted. Not the sword that I wanted. Not even the monkey. And now this. What 						good is having money if we never use it for anything?  Roderick elbowed Georgia hard. 						We know where that tongue comes from. He paused, shaking his head, and 						eventually blew out a breath. Fine. We go to India. That at least would be 						educational and money well spent. Only, were leaving all of the elephants 						there. Is 						that understood? He gently tapped at Ballads forehead. I also dont want 						any more of this talk about how I never give you anything. Money is a 						privilege, Ballad, not a right.  Yes, Papa.  Ballad let out a joyful screech, 						throwing up both hands. She scrambled out of his lap and off the bed, 						landing on the floor with an echoing thud. India! Dashing out the door, with 						hands still waving, she disappeared into the corridor shouting, I have the 						best Mama ever!  Roderick paused and jerked 						toward Georgia. That little brat forgot to thank the one person who is 						paying the goddamn bill.  Georgia grabbed hold of his 						robe, dragging him down toward her onto the mattress. All that really 						matters, Robinson, is that I know who is paying the bill. It could be worse. She 						could be wanting a cougar. Can you imagine?  Roderick let out a growl, 						replicating one himself, and shoved his warm hand beneath her nightdress, 						causing her to squeak. And what do you want, Lady Yardley?  Move your hand a little lower 						and to the left. And when were done, I want you to go fetch us some 						whiskey.  Yes and yes, madam. Anything 						else?  Yes. Close the 					door. 