She didn't make any mistakes that I could notice.'I can't believe how great you were,' I said after the concert.'That shows what you know about music, Preppie. ''I know enough. 'We were in the Dunster courtyard.It was one of those April afternoons when you'd believe spring might finally reach Cambridge.Her musical colleagues were strolling nearby (including Martin Davidson, throwing invisible hate bombs in my direction), so I couldn't argue keyboard expertise with her.We crossed Memorial Drive to walk along the river.'Wise up, Barrett, wouldja please.I play okay.Not great.Not even 'All Ivy. 'Just okay.Okay?'How could I argue when she wanted to put herself down?'Okay.You play okay.I just mean you should always keep at it. ''Who said I wasn't going to keep at it, for God's sake?I'm gonna study with Nadia Boulanger, aren't I?'What the hell was she talking about?From the way she immediately shut up, I sensed this was something she had not intended to mention.'Who?'I asked.'Nadia Boulanger.A famous music teacher.In Paris. 'She said those last two words rather quickly.'In Paris?'I asked, rather slowly.'She takes very few American pupils.I was lucky.I got a good scholarship too. ''Jennifer  you are going to Paris?''I've never seen Europe.I can hardly wait. 'I grabbed her by the shoulders.Maybe I was too rough, I don't know.'Hey  how long have you known this?'For once in her life, Jenny couldn't look me square in the eye.'Ollie, don't be stupid,' she said.'It's inevitable. ''What's inevitable?''We graduate and we go our separate ways.You'll go to Law school  '  'Wait a minute  what are you talking about?'Now she looked me in the eye.And her face was sad.'Ollie, you're a preppie millionaire, and I'm a social zero. 'I was still holding onto her shoulders.'What the hell does that have to do with separate ways?We're together now, we're happy. ''Ollie, don't be stupid,' she repeated.'Harvard is like Santa's Christmas bag.You can stuff any crazy kind of toy into it.But when the holiday's over, they shake you out  ' She hesitated.   'and you gotta go back where you belong. ''You mean you're going to bake cookies in Cranston, Rhode Island?'I was saying desperate things.'Pastries,' she said.'And don't make fun of my fatter. ''Then don't leave me, Jenny.Please. ''What about my scholarship?What about Paris, which I've never seen in my whole goddamn life?''What about our marriage?'It was I who spoke those words, although for a split second I wasn't sure I really had.'Who said anything about marriage?''Me.I'm saying it now. ''You want to marry me?''Yes. 'She tilted her head, did not smile, but merely inquired:  'Why?'I looked her straight in the eye.'Because,' I said.'Oh,' she said.'That's a very good reason. 'She took my arm (not my sleeve this time), and we walked along the river.There was nothing more to say, really.7  Ipswich, Mass., is some forty minutes from the Mystic River Bridge, depending on the weather and how you drive.I have actually made it on occasion in twenty nine minutes.A certain distinguished Boston banker claims an even faster time, but when one is discussing sub thirty minutes from Bridge to Barretts', it is difficult to separate fact from fancy.I happen to consider twenty nine minutes as the absolute limit.I mean, you can't ignore the traffic signals on Route I, can you?'You're driving like a maniac,' Jenny said.'This is Boston,' I replied.'Everyone drives like a maniac. 'We were halted for a red light on Route I at the time.'You'll kill us before your parents can murder us. ''Listen, Jen, my parents are lovely people. 'The light changed.The MG was at sixty in under ten seconds.'Even the Sonovabitch?'she asked.'Who?''Oliver Barrett III. ''Ah, he's a nice guy.You'll really like him. ''How do you know?''Everybody likes him,' I replied.'Then why don't you?''Because everybody likes him,' I said.Why was I taking her to meet them, anyway?I mean, did I really need Old Stonyface's blessing or anything?Part of it was that she wanted to ('That's the way it's done, Oliver') and part of it was the simple fact that Oliver III was my banker in the very grossest sense: he paid the goddamn tuition.It had to be Sunday dinner, didn't it?I mean, that's comme il faut, right?Sunday, when all the lousy drivers were clogging Route I and getting in my way.I pulled off the main drag onto Groton Street, a road whose turns I had been taking at high speeds since I was thirteen.'There are no houses here,' said Jenny, 'just trees. ''The houses are behind the trees. 'When traveling down Groton Street, you've got to be very careful or else you'll miss the turnoff into our place.Actually, I missed the turnoff myself that afternoon.I was three hundred yards down the road when I screeched to a halt.'Where are we?'she asked.'Past it,' I mumbled, between obscenities.Is there something symbolic in the fact that I backed up three hundred yards to the entrance of our place?Anyway, I drove slowly once we were on Barrett soil.It's at least a half mile in from Groton Street to Dover House proper.En route you pass other  well, buildings.I guess it's fairly impressive when you see it for the first time.'Holy shit!'Jenny said.'What's the matter, Jen?''Pull over, Oliver.No kidding.Stop the car. 'I stopped the car.She was clutching.'Hey, I didn't think it would be like this. ''Like what?''Like this rich.I mean, I bet you have serfs living here. 'I wanted to reach over and touch her, but my palms were not dry (an uncommon state), and so I gave her verbal reassurance.'Please, Jen.It'll be a breeze. ''Yeah, but why is it I suddenly wish my name was Abigail Adams, or Wendy WASP?'We drove the rest of the way in silence, parked and walked up to the front door.As we waited for the ring to be answered, Jenny succumbed to a last minute panic.'Let's run,' she said.'Let's stay and fight,' I said.Was either of us joking?The door was opened by Florence, a devoted and antique servant of the Barrett family.'Ah, Master Oliver,' she greeted me.God, how I hate to be called that!I detest that implicitly derogatory distinction between me and Old Stonyface.My parents, Florence informed us, were waiting in the library.Jenny was taken aback by some of the portraits we passed.Not just that some were by John Singer Sargent (notably Oliver Barrett II, sometimes displayed in the Boston Museum), but the new realization that not all of my forebears were named Barrett.There had been solid Barrett women who had mated well and bred such creatures as Barrett Winthrop, Richard Barrett Sewall and even Abbott Lawrence Lyman, who had the temerity to go through life (and Harvard, its implicit analogue), becoming a prize winning chemist, without so much as a Barrett in his middle name!'Jesus Christ,' said Jenny.'I see half the buildings at Harvard hanging here. ''It's all crap,' I told her.'I didn't know you were related to Sewall Boat House too,' she said.'Yeah.I come from a long line of wood and stone. 'At the end of the long row of portraits, and just before one turns into the library, stands a glass case.In the case are trophies.Athletic trophies.'They're gorgeous,' Jenny said.'I've never seen ones that look like real gold and silver. ''They are. ''Jesus.Yours?''No.His. 'It is an indisputable matter of record that Oliver Barrett III did not place in the Amsterdam Olympics.It is, however, also quite true that he enjoyed significant rowing triumphs on various other occasions.Several.Many.The well polished proof of this was now before Jennifer's dazzled eyes.'They don't give stuff like that in the Cranston bowling leagues. 'Then I think she tossed me a bone.'Do you have trophies, Oliver?''Yes. ''In a case?''Up in my room.Under the bed. 'She gave me one of her good Jenny looks and whispered:  'We'll go look at them later, huh?'Before I could answer, or even gauge Jenny's true motivations for suggesting a trip to my bedroom, we were interrupted.'Ah, hello there. 'Sonovabitch!It was the Sonovabitch.'Oh, hello, sir.This is Jennifer  '  'Ah, hello there. 'He was shaking her hand before I could finish the introduction.I noted that he was not wearing any of his Banker Costumes.No indeed; Oliver III had on a fancy cashmere sport jacket.And there was an insidious smile on his usually rocklike countenance.'Do come in and meet Mrs.Barrett. 'Another once in a lifetime thrill was in store for Jennifer: meeting Alison Forbes 'Tipsy' Barrett.(In perverse moments I wondered how her boarding school nickname might have affected her, had she not grown up to be the earnest do gooder museum trustee she was. )Let the record show that Tipsy Forbes never completed college.She left Smith in her sophomore year, with the full blessing of her parents, to wed Oliver Barrett III.'My wife Alison, this is Jennifer  '  He had already usurped the function of introducing her.'Calliveri,' I added, since Old Stony didn't know her last name.'Cavilleri,' Jenny added politely, since I had mispronounced it  for the first and only time in my goddamn life.'As in Cavalleria Rusticana?'asked my mother, probably to prove that despite her drop out status, she was still pretty cultured.'Right. 'Jenny smiled at her.'No relation. ''Ah,' said my mother.'Ah,' said my father.To which, all the time wondering if they had caught Jenny's humor, I could but add: 'Ah?'Mother and Jenny shook hands, and after the usual exchange of banalities from which one never progressed in my house, we sat down.Everybody was quiet.I tried to sense what was happening.Doubtless, Mother was sizing up Jennifer, checking out her costume (not Boho this afternoon), her posture, her demeanor, her accent.Face it, the Sound of Cranston was there even in the politest of moments.Perhaps Jenny was sizing up Mother.Girls do that, I'm told.It's supposed to reveal things about the guys they're going to marry.Maybe she was also sizing up Oliver III.Did she notice he was taller than I?Did she like his cashmere jacket?Oliver III, of course, would be concentrating his fire on me, as usual.'How've you been, son?'For a goddamn Rhodes scholar, he is one lousy conversationalist.'Fine, sir.Fine. 'As a kind of equal time gesture, Mother greeted Jennifer.'Did you have a nice trip down?''Yes,' Jenny replied, 'nice and swift. ''Oliver is a swift driver,' interposed Old Stony.'No swifter than you, Father,' I retorted.What would he say to that?'Uh  yes.I suppose not. 'You bet your ass not, Father.Mother, who is always on his side, whatever the circumstances, turned the subject to one of more universal interest  music or art, I believe.I wasn't exactly listening carefully.Subsequently, a teacup found its way into my hand.'Thank you,' I said, then added, 'We'll have to be going soon. ''Huh?'said Jenny.It seems they had been discussing Puccini  or something, and my remark was considered somewhat tangential.Mother looked at me (a rare event).'But you did come for dinner, didn't you?''Uh  we can't,' I said.'Of course,' Jenny said, almost at the same time.'I've gotta get back,' I said earnestly to Jen.Jenny gave me a look of 'What are you talking about?'Then Old Stonyface pronounced:  'You're staying for dinner.That's an order. 'The fake smile on his face didn't make it any less of a command.And I don't take that kind of crap even from an Olympic finalist.'We can't, sir,' I replied.'We have to, Oliver,' said Jenny.'Why?'I asked.'Because I'm hungry,' she said.We sat at the table obedient to the wishes of Oliver III.He bowed his head.Mother and Jenny followed suit.I tilted mine slightly.'Bless this food to our use and us to Thy service, and help us to be ever mindful of the needs and wants of others.This we ask in the name of Thy Son Jesus Christ, Amen. 'Jesus Christ, I was mortified.Couldn't he have omitted the piety just this once?What would Jenny think?God, it was a throwback to the Dark Ages.'Amen,' said Mother (and Jenny too, very softly).'Play ball!'said I, as kind of a pleasantry.Nobody seemed amused.Least of all Jenny.She looked away from me.Oliver III glanced across at me.'I certainly wish you would play ball now and then, Oliver. '