We did not eat in total silence, thanks to my mother's remarkable capacity for small talk.'So your people are from Cranston, Jenny?''Mostly.My mother was from Fall River. ''The Barretts have mills in Fall River,' noted Oliver III.'Where they exploited the poor for generations,' added Oliver IV.'In the nineteenth century,' added Oliver III.My mother smiled at this, apparently satisfied that her Oliver had taken that set.But not so.'What about those plans to automate the mills?'I volleyed back.There was a brief pause.I awaited some slamming retort.'What about coffee?'said Alison Forbes Tipsy Barrett.We withdrew into the library for what would definitely be the last round.Jenny and I had classes the next day, Stony had the bank and so forth, and surely Tipsy would have something worthwhile planned for bright and early.'Sugar, Oliver?'asked my mother.'Oliver always takes sugar, dear,' said my father.'Not tonight, thank you,' said I.'Just black, Mother. 'Well, we all had our cups, and we were all sitting there cozily with absolutely nothing to say to one another.So I brought up a topic.'Tell me, Jennifer,' I inquired.'What do you think of the Peace Corps?'She frowned at me, and refused to cooperate.'Oh, have you told them, Ollie?'said my mother to my father.'It isn't the time, dear,' said Oliver III, with a kind of fake humility that broadcasted, 'Ask me, ask me. 'So I had to.'What's this, Father?''Nothing important, son. ''I don't see how you can say that,' said my mother, and turned toward me to deliver the message with full force (I said she was on his side):  'Your father's going to be director of the Peace Corps. ''Oh. 'Jenny also said, 'Oh,' but in a different, kind of happier tone of voice.My father pretended to look embarrassed, and my mother seemed to be waiting for me to bow down or something.I mean, it's not Secretary of State, after all!'Congratulations, Mr.Barrett. 'Jenny took the initiative.'Yes.Congratulations, sir. 'Mother was so anxious to talk about it.'I do think it will be a wonderful educational experience,' she said.'Oh, it will,' agreed Jenny.'Yes,' I said without much conviction.'Uh  would you pass the sugar, please. '8  'Jenny, it's not Secretary of State, after all!'We were finally driving back to Cambridge, thank God.'Still, Oliver, you could have been more enthusiastic. ''I said congratulations. ''It was mighty generous of you. ''What did you expect, for chrissake?''Oh, God,' she replied, 'the whole thing makes me sick. ''That's two of us,' I added.We drove on for a long time without saying a word.But something was wrong.'What whole thing makes you sick, Jen?'I asked as a long afterthought.'The disgusting way you treat your father. ''How about the disgusting way he treats me?'I had opened a can of beans.Or, more appropriately, spaghetti sauce.For Jenny launched into a full scale offense on paternal love.That whole Italian Mediterranean syndrome.And how I was disrespectful.'You bug him and bug him and bug him,' she said.'It's mutual, Jen.Or didn't you notice that?''I don't think you'd stop at anything, just to get to your old man. ''It's impossible to 'get to' Oliver Barrett III. 'There was a strange little silence before she replied:  'Unless maybe if you marry Jennifer Cavilleri '  I kept my cool long enough to pull into the parking lot of a seafood diner.I then turned to Jennifer, mad as hell.'Is that what you think?'I demanded.'I think it's part of it,' she said very quietly.'Jenny, don't you believe I love you?'I shouted.'Yes,' she replied, still quietly, 'but in a crazy way you also love my negative social status. 'I couldn't think of anything to say but no.I said it several times and in several tones of voice.I mean, I was so terribly upset, I even considered the possibility of there being a grain of truth to her awful suggestion.But she wasn't in great shape, either.'I can't pass judgment, Ollie.I just think it's part of it.I mean, I know I love not only you yourself.I love your name.And your numeral. 'She looked away, and I thought maybe she was going to cry.But she didn't; she finished her thought:  'After all, it's part of what you are. 'I sat there for a while, watching a neon sign blink 'Clams and Oysters. 'What I had loved so much about Jenny was her ability to see inside me, to understand things I never needed to carve out in words.She was still doing it.But could I face the fact that I wasn't perfect?Christ, she had already faced my imperfection and her own.Christ, how unworthy I felt!I didn't know what the hell to say.'Would you like a clam or an oyster, Jen?''Would you like a punch in the mouth, Preppie?''Yes,' I said.She made a fist and then placed it gently against my cheek.I kissed it, and as I reached over to embrace her, she straight armed me, and barked like a gun moll:  'Just drive, Preppie.Get back to the wheel and start speeding!'I did.I did.My father's basic comment concerned what he considered excessive velocity.Haste.Precipitousness.I forget his exact words, but I know the text for his sermon during our luncheon at the Harvard Club concerned itself primarily with my going too fast.He warmed up for it by suggesting that I not bolt my food.I politely suggested that I was a grown man, that he should no longer correct  or even comment upon  my behavior.He allowed that even world leaders needed constructive criticism now and then.I took this to be a not too subtle allusion to his stint in Washington during the first Roosevelt Administration.But I was not about to set him up to reminisce about F. D. R. , or his role in U. S.  bank reform.So I shut up.We were, as I said, eating lunch in the Harvard Club of Boston.(I too fast, if one accepts my father's estimate. )This means we were surrounded by his people.His classmates, clients, admirers and so forth.I mean, it was a put up job, if ever there was one.If you really listened, you might hear some of them murmur things like, 'There goes Oliver Barrett. 'Or 'That's Barrett, the big athlete. 'It was yet another round in our series of nonconversations.Only the very nonspecific nature of the talk was glaringly conspicuous.'Father, you haven't said a word about Jennifer. ''What is there to say?You've presented us with a fait accompli, have you not?''But what do you think, Father?''I think Jennifer is admirable.And for a girl from her background to get all the way to Radcliffe'  With this pseudo melting pot bullshit, he was skirting the issue.'Get to the point, Father!''The point has nothing to do with the young lady,' he said, 'it has to do with you. ''Ah?'I said.'Your rebellion,' he added.'You are rebelling, son. ''Father, I fail to see how marrying a beautiful and brilliant Radcliffe girl constitutes rebellion.I mean, she's not some crazy hippie  '  'She is not many things. 'Ah, here we come.The goddamn nitty gritty.'What irks you most, Father  that she's Catholic or that she's poor?'He replied in kind of a whisper, leaning slightly toward me.'What attracts you most? 'I wanted to get up and leave.I told him so.'Stay here and talk like a man,' he said.As opposed to what?A boy?A girl?A mouse?Anyway, I stayed.The Sonovabitch derived enormous satisfaction from my remaining seated.I mean, I could tell he regarded it as another in his many victories over me.'I would only ask that you wait awhile,' said Oliver Barrett III.'Define 'while,' please. ''Finish law school.If this is real, it can stand the test of time. ''It is real, but why in hell should I subject it to some arbitrary test?'My implication was clear, I think.I was standing up to him.To his arbitrariness.To his compulsion to dominate and control my life.'Oliver. 'He began a new round.'You're a minor  '  'A minor what?'I was losing my temper, goddammit.'You are not yet twenty one.Not legally an adult. ''Screw the legal nitpicking, dammit!'Perhaps some neighboring diners heard this remark.As if to compensate for my loudness, Oliver III aimed his next words at me in a biting whisper:  'Marry her now, and I will not give you the time of day. 'Who gave a shit if somebody overheard.'Father, you don't know the time of day. 'I walked out of his life and began my own.9  There remained the matter of Cranston, Rhode Island, a city slightly more to the south of Boston than Ipswich is to the north.After the debacle of introducing Jennifer to her potential in laws ('Do I call them outlaws now?'she asked), I did not look forward with any confidence to my meeting with her father.I mean, here I would be bucking that lotsa love Italian Mediterranean syndrome, compounded by the fact that Jenny was an only child, compounded by the fact that she had no mother, which meant abnormally close ties to her father.I would be up against all those emotional forces the psych books describe.Plus the fact that I was broke.I mean, imagine for a second Olivero Barretto, some nice Italian kid from down the block in Cranston, Rhode Island.He comes to see Mr.Cavilleri, a wage earning pastry chef of that city, and says, 'I would like to marry your only daughter, Jennifer. 'What would the old man's first question be?(He would not question Barretto's love, since to know Jenny is to love Jenny; it's a universal truth. )No, Mr.Cavilleri would say something like, 'Barretto, how are you going to support her?'Now imagine the good Mr.Cavilleri's reaction if Barretto informed him that the opposite would prevail, at least for the next three years: his daughter would have to support his son in law!Would not the good Mr.Cavilleri show Barretto to the door, or even, if Barretto were not my size, punch him out?You bet your ass he would.This may serve to explain why, on that Sunday afternoon in May, I was obeying all posted speed limits, as we headed southward on Route 95.Jenny, who had come to enjoy the pace at which I drove, complained at one point that I was going forty in a forty five mile an hour zone.I told her the car needed tuning, which she believed not at all.'Tell it to me again, Jen. 'Patience was not one of Jenny's virtues, and she refused to bolster my confidence by repeating the answers to all the stupid questions I had asked.'Just one more time, Jenny, please. ''I called him.I told him.He said okay.In English, because, as I told you and you don't seem to want to believe, he doesn't know a goddamn word of Italian except a few curses. ''But what does 'okay' mean?''Are you implying that Harvard Law School has accepted a man who can't even define 'okay'?''It's not a legal term, Jenny. 'She touched my arm.Thank God, I understood that.I still needed clarification, though.I had to know what I was in for.   ''Okay' could also mean 'I'll suffer through it. ''  She found the charity in her heart to repeat for the nth time the details of her conversation with her father.He was happy.He was.He had never expected, when he sent her off to Radcliffe, that she would return to Cranston to marry the boy next door (who by the way had asked her just before she left).He was at first incredulous that her intended's name was really Oliver Barrett IV.He had then warned his daughter not to violate the Eleventh Commandment.'Which one is that?'I asked her.'Do not bullshit thy father,' she said.'Oh. ''And that's all, Oliver.Truly. ''He knows I'm poor?''Yes. ''He doesn't mind?''At least you and he have something in common. ''But he'd be happier if I had a few bucks, right?''Wouldn't you?'I shut up for the rest of the ride.Jenny lived on a street called Hamilton Avenue, a long line of wooden houses with many children in front of them, and a few scraggly trees.Merely driving down it, looking for a parking space, I felt like in another country.To begin with, there were so many people.Besides the children playing, there were entire families sitting on their porches with apparently nothing better to do this Sunday afternoon than to watch me park my MG.Jenny leaped out first.She had incredible reflexes in Cranston, like some quick little grasshopper.There was all but an organized cheer when the porch watchers saw who my passenger was.No less than the great Cavilleri!When I heard all the greetings for her, I was almost ashamed to get out.I mean, I could not remotely for a moment pass for the hypothetical Olivero Barretto.'Hey, Jenny!'I heard one matronly type shout with great gusto.'Hey, Mrs.Capodilupo,' I heard Jenny bellow back.I climbed out of the car.I could feel the eyes on me.'Hey  who's the boy?'shouted Mrs.Capodilupo.Not too subtle around here, are they?'He's nothing!'Jenny called back.Which did wonders for my confidence.'Maybe,' shouted Mrs.Capodilupo in my direction, 'but the girl he's with is really something!''He knows,' Jenny replied.She then turned to satisfy neighbors on the other side.'He knows,' she told a whole new group of her fans.She took my hand (I was a stranger in paradise), and led me up the stairs to 189A Hamilton Avenue.It was an awkward moment.I just stood there as Jenny said, 'This is my father. 'And Phil Cavilleri, a roughhewn (say 5'9", 165 pound) Rhode Island type in his late forties, held out his hand.We shook and he had a strong grip.'How do you do, sir?''Phil,' he corrected me, 'I'm Phil. ''Phil, sir,' I replied, continuing to shake his hand.It was also a scary moment.Because then, just as he let go of my hand, Mr.Cavilleri turned to his daughter and gave this incredible shout:  'Jennifer!'For a split second nothing happened.And then they were hugging.Tight.