Of course, Jenny's arrival was not unexpected.It had earlier been foreseen and was now being supervised by Bernard Ackerman, M. D. , who was, as Jenny predicted, a good guy, albeit a total Yalie.'She's getting white cells and platelets,' Dr.Ackerman told me.'That's what she needs most at the moment.She doesn't want antimetabolites at all. ''What does that mean?'I asked.'It's a treatment that slows cell destruction,' he explained, 'but  as Jenny knows  there can be unpleasant side effects. ''Listen, doctor'  I know I was lecturing him needlessly  'Jenny's the boss.Whatever she says goes.Just you guys do everything you possibly can to make it not hurt. ''You can be sure of that,' he said.'I don't care what it costs, doctor. 'I think I was raising my voice.'It could be weeks or months,' he said.'Screw the cost,' I said.He was very patient with me.I mean, I was bullying him, really.'I was simply saying,' Ackerman explained, 'that there's really no way of knowing how long  or how short  she'll linger. ''Just remember, doctor,' I commanded him, 'just remember I want her to have the very best.Private room.Special nurses.Everything.Please.I've got the money. '20  It is impossible to drive from East Sixty third Street, Manhattan, to Boston, Massachusetts, in less than three hours and twenty minutes.Believe me, I have tested the outer limits on this track, and I am certain that no automobile, foreign or domestic, even with some Graham Hill type at the wheel, can make it faster.I had the MG at a hundred and five on the Mass Turnpike.I have this cordless electric razor and you can be sure I shaved carefully, and changed my shirt in the car, before entering those hallowed offices on State Street.Even at 8 A. M.  there were several distinguished  looking Boston types waiting to see Oliver Barrett III.His secretary  who knew me  didn't blink twice when she spoke my name into the intercom.My father did not say, 'Show him in. 'Instead, his door opened and he appeared in person.He said, 'Oliver. 'Preoccupied as I was with physical appearances, I noticed that he seemed a bit pale, that his hair had grown grayish (and perhaps thinner) in these three years.'Come in, son,' he said.I couldn't read the tone.I just walked toward his office.I sat in the 'client's chair. 'We looked at one another, then let our gazes drift onto other objects in the room.I let mine fall among the items on his desk: scissors in a leather case, letter opener with a leather handle, a photo of Mother taken years ago.A photo of me (Exeter graduation).'How've you been, son?'he asked.'Well, sir,' I answered.'And how's Jennifer?'he asked.Instead of lying to him, I evaded the issue  although it was the issue  by blurting out the reason for my sudden reappearance.'Father, I need to borrow five thousand dollars.For a good reason. 'He looked at me.And sort of nodded, I think.'Well?'he said.'Sir?'I asked.'May I know the reason?'he asked.'I can't tell you, Father.Just lend me the dough.Please. 'I had the feeling  if one can actually receive feelings from Oliver Barrett III  that he intended to give me the money.I also sensed that he didn't want to give me any heat.But he did want to  talk.'Don't they pay you at Jonas and Marsh?'he asked.'Yes, sir. 'I was tempted to tell him how much, merely to let him know it was a class record, but then I thought if he knew where I worked, he probably knew my salary as well.'And doesn't she teach too?'he asked.Well, he doesn't know everything.'Don't call her 'she,'' I said.'Doesn't Jennifer teach?'he asked politely.'And please leave her out of this, Father.This is a personal matter.A very important personal matter. ''Have you gotten some girl in trouble?'he asked, but without any deprecation in his voice.'Yeah,' I said, 'yes, sir.That's it.Give me the dough.Please. 'I don't think for a moment he believed my reason.I don't think he really wanted to know.He had questioned me merely, as I said before, so we could  talk.He reached into his desk drawer and took out a checkbook bound in the same cordovan leather as the handle of his letter opener and the case for his scissors.He opened it slowly.Not to torture me, I don't think, but to stall for time.To find things to say.Non abrasive things.He finished writing the check, tore it from the book and then held it out toward me.I was maybe a split second slow in realizing I should reach out my hand to meet his.So he got embarrassed (I think), withdrew his hand and placed the check on the edge of his desk.He looked at me now and nodded.His expression seemed to say, 'There it is, son. 'But all he really did was nod.It's not that I wanted to leave, either.It's just that I myself couldn't think of anything neutral to say.And we couldn't just sit there, both of us willing to talk and yet unable even to look the other straight in the face.I leaned over and picked up the check.Yes, it said five thousand dollars, signed Oliver Barrett HI.It was already dry.I folded it carefully and put it into my shirt pocket as I rose and shuffled to the door.I should at least have said something to the effect that I knew that on my account very important Boston dignitaries (maybe even Washington) were cooling their heels in his outer office, and yet if we had more to say to one another I could even hang around your office, Father, and you would cancel your luncheon plans  and so forth.I stood there with the door half open, and summoned the courage to look at him and say:  'Thank you, Father. '21  The task of informing Phil Cavilleri fell to me.Who else?He did not go to pieces as I feared he might, but calmly closed the house in Cranston and came to live in our apartment.We all have our idiosyncratic ways of coping with grief.Phil's was to clean the place.To wash, to scrub, to polish.I don't really understand his thought processes, but Christ, let him work.Does he cherish the dream that Jenny will come home?He does, doesn't he?The poor bastard.That's why he's cleaning up.He just won't accept things for what they are.Of course, he won't admit this to me, but I know it's on his mind.Because it's on mine too.Once she was in the hospital, I called old man Jonas and let him know why I couldn't be coming to work.I pretended that I had to hurry off the phone because I know he was pained and wanted to say things he couldn't possibly express.From then on, the days were simply divided between visiting hours and everything else.And of course everything else was nothing.Eating without hunger, watching Phil clean the apartment (again!)and not sleeping even with the prescription Ackerman gave me.Once I overheard Phil mutter to himself, 'I can't stand it much longer. 'He was in the next room, washing our dinner dishes (by hand).I didn't answer him, but I did think to myself, I can.Whoever's Up There running the show, Mr.Supreme Being, sir, keep it up, I can take this ad infinitum.Because Jenny is Jenny.That evening, she kicked me out of the room.She wanted to speak to her father 'man to man. ''This meeting is restricted only to Americans of Italian descent,' she said, looking as white as her pillows, 'so beat it, Barrett. ''Okay,' I said.'But not too far,' she said when I reached the door.I went to sit in the lounge.Presently Phil appeared.'She says to get your ass in there,' he whispered hoarsely, like the whole inside of him was hollow.'I'm gonna buy some cigarettes. ''Close the goddamn door,' she commanded as I entered the room.I obeyed, shut the door quietly, and as I went back to sit by her bed, I caught a fuller view of her.I mean, with the tubes going into her right arm, which she would keep under the covers.I always liked to sit very close and just look at her face, which, however pale, still had her eyes shining in it.So I quickly sat very close.'It doesn't hurt, Ollie, really,' she said.'It's like falling off a cliff in slow motion, you know?'Something stirred deep in my gut.Some shapeless thing that was going to fly into my throat and make me cry.But I wasn't going to.I never have.I'm a tough bastard, see?I am not gonna cry.But if I'm not gonna cry, then I can't open my mouth.I'll simply have to nod yes.So I nodded yes.'Bullshit,' she said.'Huh?'It was more of a grunt than a word.'You don't know about falling off cliffs, Preppie,' she said.'You never fell off one in your goddamn life. ''Yeah,' I said, recovering the power of speech.'When I met you. ''Yeah,' she said, and a smile crossed her face.''Oh, what a falling off was there. 'Who said that?''I don't know,' I replied.'Shakespeare. ''Yeah, but who?'she said kind of plaintively.'I can't remember which play, even.I went to Radcliffe, I should remember things.I once knew all the Mozart Kchel listings. ''Big deal,' I said.'You bet it was,' she said, and then screwed up her forehead, asking, 'What number is the C Minor Piano Concerto?''I'll look it up,' I said.I knew just where.Back in the apartment, on a shelf by the piano.I would look it up and tell her first thing tomorrow.'I used to know,' Jenny said, 'I did.I used to know. ''Listen,' I said, Bogart style, 'do you want to talk music?''Would you prefer talking funerals?'she asked.'No,' I said, sorry for having interrupted her.'I discussed it with Phil.Are you listening, Ollie?'I had turned my face away.'Yeah, I'm listening, Jenny. ''I told him he could have a Catholic service, you'd say okay.Okay?''Okay,' I said.'Okay,' she replied.And then I felt slightly relieved, because after all, whatever we talked of now would have to be an improvement.I was wrong.'Listen, Oliver,' said Jenny, and it was in her angry voice, albeit soft.'Oliver, you've got to stop being sick!''Me?''That guilty look on your face, Oliver, it's sick. 'Honestly, I tried to change my expression, but my facial muscles were frozen.'It's nobody's fault, you preppie bastard,' she was saying.'Would you please stop blaming yourself!'I wanted to keep looking at her because I wanted to never take my eyes from her, but still I had to lower my eyes, I was so ashamed that even now Jenny was reading my mind so perfectly.'Listen, that's the only goddamn thing I'm asking, Ollie.Otherwise, I know you'll be okay. 'That thing in my gut was stirring again, so I was afraid to even speak the word 'okay. 'I just looked mutely at Jenny.'Screw Paris,' she said suddenly.'Huh?''Screw Paris and music and all the crap you think you stole from me.I don't care, you sonovabitch.Can't you believe that?''No,' I answered truthfully.'Then get the hell out of here,' she said.'I don't want you at my goddamn deathbed. 'She meant it.I could tell when Jenny really meant something.So I bought permission to stay by telling a lie:  'I believe you,' I said.'That's better,' she said.'Now would you do me a favor?'From somewhere inside me came this devastating assault to make me cry.But I withstood.I would not cry.I would merely indicate to Jennifer  by the affirmative nodding of my head  that I would be happy to do her any favor whatsoever.'Would you please hold me very tight?'she asked.I put my hand on her forearm  Christ, so thin  and gave it a little squeeze.'No, Oliver,' she said, 'really hold me.Next to me. 'I was very, very careful  of the tubes and things  as I got onto the bed with her and put my arms around her.'Thanks, Ollie. 'Those were her last words.22  Phil Cavilleri was in the solarium, smoking his nth cigarette, when I appeared.'Phil?'I said softly.'Yeah?'He looked up and I think he already knew.He obviously needed some kind of physical comforting.I walked over and placed my hand on his shoulder.I was afraid he might cry.I was pretty sure I wouldn't.Couldn't.I mean, I was past all that.He put his hand on mine.'I wish,' he muttered, 'I wished I hadn't ' He paused there, andI waited.What was the hurry, after all?'I wish I hadn't promised Jenny to be strong for you. 'And, to honor his pledge, he patted my hand very gently.But I had to be alone.To breathe air.To take a walk, maybe.Downstairs, the hospital lobby was absolutely still.All I could hear was the click of my own heels on the linoleum.'Oliver. 'I stopped.It was my father.Except for the woman at the reception desk we were all by ourselves there.In fact, we were among the few people in New York awake at that hour.I couldn't face him.I went straight for the revolving door.But in an instant he was out there standing next to me.'Oliver,' he said, 'you should have told me. 'It was very cold, which in a way was good because I was numb and wanted to feel something.My father continued to address me, and I continued to stand still and let the cold wind slap my face.'As soon as I found out, I jumped into the car. 'I had forgotten my coat; the chill was starting to make me ache.Good.Good.'Oliver,' said my father urgently, 'I want to help. ''Jenny's dead,' I told him.'I'm sorry,' he said in a stunned whisper.Not knowing why, I repeated what I had long ago learned from the beautiful girl now dead.'Love means not ever having to say you're sorry. 'And then I did what I had never done in his presence, much less in his arms.I cried.  