It's the perfect opening to tell my brother the truth."Carlos, you see guys in the LB who talk of brotherhood and honor and loyalty and it sounds great.But they're not family, you know.And the brotherhood lasts only as long as you're willing to do what they want you to do. "My mom opens the door and looks down at us.She looks so sad.I wish I could change her life and take the hurt away, but I know I can't."Carlos, let me talk to Alejandro alone. "When Carlos is inside the house, out of hearing range, my mom sits beside me.She has a cigarette in her hand, the first one I've seen her smoke in a long time.I'm waiting for her to talk first.I've said enough tonight."I've made a lot of mistakes in my life, Alejandro," she says as she blows cigarette smoke up at the moon."And some of them can't be 154     257 undone no matter how much I pray to the Lord above. "She reaches out and tucks my hair behind my ears."You're a teenager who has the responsibilities of a man.I know it's not fair to you. ""Esta bien. ""No, it's not.I grew up too fast, too.I didn't even graduate high school because I got pregnant with you. "She looks at me, as if seeing herself as a teenager not that long ago."Oh, I wanted a baby so bad.Your father wanted to wait until after high school, but I was going to make it happen sooner.All I wanted in this world was to be a mom. ""You regret it?"I ask."Being a mom?Never.Seducing your father and making sure he didn't use a condom, yes. ""I don't want to hear this. ""Well, I'm gonna tell it to you whether you want to hear it or not.Be careful, Alex. ""lam. "She takes another drag of her cigarette while shaking her head."No, you don't get it.You might be careful, but girls won't be.Girls are manipulative.I should know, I'm one of them. ""Brittany is  " "The kind of girl who can make you do things you don't want to do. ""Believe me, Mom.She doesn't want a kid. ""No, but she'll want other things.Things you can never give her. "I look up at the stars, the moon, the universe that I know doesn't end."But what if I want to give them to her?"She lets out a slow breath, the action causing cigarette smoke to fly out of her mouth in one long stream."At the age of thirty five I'm old enough to have seen people die thinking they can change the ways of the world.No matter what you think, your father died trying to fix his life.258 Your facts are distorted, Alejandro.You were just a little boy, too young to understand. ""I'm old enough now. "A tear escapes from her eye and she wipes it away."Yes, well, now it's too late. "259 155     CHAPTER 43 Brittany "Brit, please tell me again why we're picking up Alex Fuentes and taking him with us to Lake Geneva," Sierra says to me."My mom threatened me if I saw him outside of school, so going to Lake Geneva is a perfect place to hang out with him.Nobody will know us there. ""Except us. ""And I know you guys won't rat on me.Right?"I catch Doug rolling his eyes.It seemed like a good idea at the time.Going to Lake Geneva for the day on a double date is sure to be fun.Well, once Sierra and Doug get over the initial shock of the two of us as a couple."Please don't give me more shit about this. ""The guy's a loser, Brit," Doug says as he drives to the school parking lot where Alex should be waiting for us."She's your best friend, Sierra.Talk some sense into her. ""I tried, but you know her.She's stubborn. "I sigh."Can you please stop talking about me like I'm not even here?I like Alex.And he likes me.I want to give this thing a chance. ""And you're going to do that how?By keeping him a secret forever?"Sierra asks.260 Thank goodness we reach the parking lot so I don't have to respond.Alex is sitting on the curb beside his motorcycle, his long legs stretched in front of him.I chew my bottom lip anxiously as I open the door to the backseat.When he sees Doug driving and Sierra next to him, a muscle in his jaw tenses."Come on in, Alex," I say, and slide over.He leans into the car."I don't think this is a good idea. ""Don't be silly.Doug promised to be nice.Isn't that right, Doug?"I hold my breath for the answer.Doug gives an impersonal nod."Sure," he says, totally monotone.Any other guy would leave, I'm sure of it.But Alex slides in beside me."Where we goin'?"he asks."Lake Geneva," I say."Ever been there before?""No. ""It's about an hour away.Doug's parents have a cabin there. "As we drive, you'd think we were in a library instead of a car.Nobody says a word.When Doug stops for gas, Alex gets out, walks off, and lights a cigarette.156     I sink lower in my seat.So far, this is not how I'd envisioned the day turning out.Sierra and Doug are usually hilarious together, but this is about as much fun as a funeral."Can you at least try and make conversation?"I ask my best friend."I mean, you can spend hours talking about what kind of dog you'd rather kiss but you can't even put two words together in front of a guy I like. "Sierra turns around in her seat to face me."I'm sorry.It's just that...Brit, you can do better.A LOT better. ""Like Colin, you mean. "261 "Like anyone. "Sierra huffs and turns back around.Alex gets into the car and I give him a weak smile.When he doesn't smile back, I take his hand in mine.He doesn't return the hold, but he doesn't pull away.Is that a good sign?When we drive from the station, Alex says, "You've got a loose tire.Hear that noise comin' from the left rear?"Doug shrugs."It's been like that for a month.No biggie. ""Pull over and I'll fix it," Alex says."If it falls off on the highway, we're toast. "I can tell Doug doesn't want to rely on Alex's assessment, but after about a mile he grudgingly stops on the side of the road."Doug," Sierra says, pointing to the adult bookstore we're in front of."Do you know what kind of people go in there?""Right now, sweetheart, I really don't give a shit. "He turns to Alex."Okay, big shot.Fix the car. "Alex and Doug step out."I'm sorry I bitched at you," I say to Sierra."I'm sorry, too. ""Do you think Doug and Alex will start fighting?""Maybe.We better get out there and distract them. "Outside, Alex takes tools out of the trunk.After jacking up the car, Alex holds the tire iron in his hands.Doug has his hands on his hips and his jaw thrust forward in defiance."Thompson, what's up your ass?"Alex asks."I don't like you, Fuentes. ""You think you're my favorite person?"Alex snaps back as he kneels beside the tire and tightens the lug nuts.I look over at Sierra.Should we intervene?Sierra shrugs.I shrug.It's not as if they've come to blows ...yet.A car screeches beside us.Four Hispanic guys are inside, two in 157     262 the front and two in back.Alex ignores them as he lowers the jack and returns it to the trunk."Hey, mamacitas!How about you ditch those losers and come with us.We'll show you a real good time," one of them shouts through the window."Fuck off," Doug shouts.One of the guys stumbles out of the car and advances on Doug.Sierra yells something but I'm not paying attention.Instead, I'm watching Alex tear off his jacket and block the guy's path."Get out of my way," the guy orders."Don't lower yourself by protecting this white dick. "Alex stands toe to toe with the guy, the tire iron gripped tightly in his hand."You fuck with the white dick, you fuck with me.It's that simple.Comprendes, amigo?"Another guy steps out of the car.We are in some serious trouble."Girls, take the keys and get in the car," Alex orders, his tone precise."But ... "There's a lethal calmness in his eyes.Oh, boy.He's dead serious.Doug tosses Sierra his car keys.Now what?Are we supposed to sit in the car and watch them fight?"I'm not going anywhere," I tell him."Me, either," Sierra says.A guy in the other car sticks his head out of the window."Alejo, that you?"Alex's stance relaxes."Tiny?What the hell you doin' with these pendejos?"The guy named Tiny says something in Spanish to his buddies and they jump back into the car.They almost seem relieved they won't have to fight Alex and Doug.263 "I'll tell you as soon as you tell me what you're doin' with a bunch of gringos," Tiny says.Alex chuckles."Get out of here. "When we're all back in the car, I hear Doug say, "Thanks for having my back. "Alex mumbles, "Don't sweat it. "Nobody speaks again until we reach the outskirts of Lake Geneva.Doug parks in front of a sports bar for lunch.Inside, Sierra and I order chopped salads while Doug and Alex order burgers.In the booth while we're waiting for food, nobody is talking.I kick Sierra under the table."So, urn, Alex," she starts."See any good movies lately?"158     "Nope. ""Apply to any colleges?"Alex shakes his head.Surprisingly, Doug sits up and takes over."Who taught you so much about cars?""My cousin," Alex says."On weekends I'd hang at his house and watch him bring cars back from the dead. ""My dad has a '72 Karmann Ghia sitting in our garage.He thinks it'll magically start running. ""What's wrong with it?"Alex asks.As Doug explains, Alex listens intently.While they discuss the pros and cons of buying refurbished engine parts off of eBay, I sit back and relax.The tension from earlier seems to disintegrate the longer they talk.After we finish eating, we walk down Main Street.Alex takes my hand in his, and I can't think of anything I'd rather do than be here with him.264 "Ooh, there's that new gallery," Sierra says, pointing across the street."Look, they're having a grand opening.Let's go in!""Cool," I say."I'll hang outside," Alex says as we follow Sierra and Doug across the street."I'm not a gallery kind of guy. "That's not true.When is he going to realize that he doesn't have to live up to the stereotype everyone else has placed on him?Once he goes inside, he'll realize he's as welcome in a gallery as he is in the auto body."Come on," I say, pulling him inside.I smile inwardly as we enter the gallery.A huge spread of food is laid out.About forty people are milling about, observing the artwork.I tour the gallery with Alex, who's walking stiffly at my side."Loosen up," I tell him."Easy for you to say," he mumbles.265 CHAPTER 44 Alex Bringing me into a gallery wasn't the best idea she's ever had.When Sierra pulled Brittany away from me to show her a painting, I've never felt more out of place.I wander around and scan the food table, thankful we already ate.You can't really call this stuff food, actually.Sushi, which I'm tempted to nuke in order to make edible.Then there are sandwiches the size of a quarter.159     "We're out of wasabi. "I'm still concentrating on identifying the assortment of food when someone taps me on the back.I turn around to a short, blond white guy.He reminds me of Burro Face and I immediately want to push him away."We're out of wasabi," he says again.If I knew what the fuck wasabi was, I could respond.But I don't, so I don't.And it makes me feel stupid."Don't you speak English?"My hand balls into a fist.Yes, I speak English, you dumbass.But the last time I was in English class the word "wasabi" wasn't on a fucking 266 spelling test.Instead of responding, I ignore the guy and walk away to look at one of the paintings.The one I stop at shows a girl and a dog walking on what looks like a sloppy imitation of the Earth."There you are," Brittany says, coming to my side.Doug and Sierra are right behind her."Brit, this is Perry Landis," Doug says, pointing to the Colin look alike."The artist. ""Omigod, your work is amazing!"Brittany says, gushing at him.She said "omigod" as if she really is an airhead.Is she kidding me?The guy looks over her shoulder at his painting."What do you think of this one?"he asks her.Brittany clears her throat."I think it shows great insight to the relationship between man, animal, and Earth. "Oh, please.What bullshit.Perry puts his arm around her and I'm tempted to pick a fight in the middle of the gallery."I can tell you're very deep. "Deep, my ass.He wants to get into her pants ...pants he's never going near if I have anything to say about it."Alex, what do you think?"Brittany asks, turning to me."Well ... "I rub my chin as I stare at the painting."I think the entire collection is worth a buck fifty, two tops. "Sierra's eyes go wide and her hand covers her mouth in shock.Doug is coughing up his drink.And Brittany?I look at my "let's see what happens" girlfriend."Alex, you owe Perry an apology," Brittany says.Yeah, right after he apologizes for asking me about wasabi.Not a chance in hell."I'm outta here," I say, then turn my back on all of them and walk out the gallery door.Me voy.160     267 Outside, I bum a cigarette from a waitress across the street who's on break.All I can think about is how Brittany looked as she ordered me to apologize.I do not take orders well.Damn, I hated watching that asshole artist put his arm around my girl.I'm sure every guy wants to put his hands on her in some way, to claim they've touched her.I want to touch her, too, but I also want her to want only me.Not order me around like some puppy dog and only hold hands with me when she's not putting on a show.This is definitely not turning out like it's supposed to."I saw you come out of the gallery.Only hoiteys go in there," the waitress says after I hand back her lighter.Wasabi.Now hoiteys.Seriously, you'd think I really didn't know English."Hoiteys?""Hoitey toitey types.You know, white collar stiffs. ""Yeah, well, I'm definitely not one of those.More like a blue collar who followed a bunch of hoiteys in there. "I take a long drag, thankful for nicotine.I feel calmer immediately.Okay, so my lungs are probably shriveled up, but I have a good idea I'll probably die before my lungs decide to quit on me."I'm Blue Collar Mandy," the waitress says, holding out her hand and flashing me a smile.She's got light brown hair streaked with purple.She's cute, but she's no Brittany.I shake her hand."Alex. "She eyes my tattoos."I've got two.Wanna see?"Not really.I have a feeling she got drunk one night and tattooed her chest...or ass."Alex!"Brittany yells my name from the front of the gallery.I'm still smoking and trying to forget that she brought me here 268 because I'm her dirty little secret.I don't want to be a fucking secret anymore.My pseudo girlfriend crosses the street.Her designer shoes click on the pavement, reminding me she's a class above.She eyes Mandy and me, the two blue collars, smoking together."Mandy here was about to show me her tattoos," I tell Brittany to piss her off."I'll bet she was.Were you going to show her yours, too?"She eyes me accusingly."I'm not into drama," Mandy says.She throws down her cigarette and smashes it with the tip of her gym shoe."Good luck, you two.God knows you need it. "I take another drag while wishing Brittany didn't tempt me like she does."Go back to the gallery, querida.I'll take a bus home. "161     "I thought we'd have a nice day together, Alex, in a town where nobody knows us.Don't you want to be anonymous sometimes?""You think it's nice havin' that little piece of shit artist thinkin' I'm the busboy?I'd rather be known as the gangbanger than the immigrant busboy. ""You didn't even give it a chance.If you'd relax and take that chip off your shoulder, you could fit in.You can be one of them. ""Everyone is plastic in there.Even you.Wake up, Miss Omigod!I don't want to be one of them.Get it?!Entiendes?""Loud and clear.For your information, I am not plastic.You can call it that, but we call it considerate and polite. ""In your social circles, not mine.In my circles, we tell it like it is.And never, ever order me to apologize like you're my mother.I swear, Brittany, the next time you do that we're done. "Oh, man.Her eyes are getting all glassy.She turns her back to me and I want to kick myself for hurting her.269 I put out my cigarette."I'm sorry.I didn't mean to be a dickhead.Well, I did.But that's 'cause I didn't feel comfortable in there. "She's not looking at me.Reaching out to rub her back, I'm thankful she doesn't shy away from me.I continue talking."Brittany, I love hangin' with you.Shit, when I get to school I scan the halls lookin' for you.As soon as I catch sight of these angelic streaks of sunshine," I say, fingering her hair, "I know I can make it through the day. ""I'm no angel. ""You are to me.If you forgive me, I'll go back and apologize to that artist guy. "She opens her eyes."Really?""Yeah.I don't want to do it.But I will ...for you. "Her mouth curves into a small smile."Don't do it.I appreciate you saying you'll do it for me, but you're right.His art did suck. ""There you guys are," Sierra says."We've been looking all over for you lovebirds.Let's hit the road and get to the cabin already. "At the cabin, Doug claps his hands together."Hot tub or movie?"he asks.Sierra walks over to the window overlooking the lake."I'll fall asleep if we put a movie on. "I'm sitting with Brittany on the couch in the living room, reeling over the fact that this huge house is Doug's second home.It's bigger than the one house I live in.And a hot tub?Jeez, rich people have it all."I don't have a bathin' suit," I tell them."Don't worry," Brittany says."Doug probably has one in the pool house you can wear. "162     In the pool house, Doug looks through a drawer searching for suits."There's only two here. "Doug picks up a skimpy Speedo and holds it out to me."This okay for you, big guy?"270 "That wouldn't fit my right testicle.Why don't you wear it and I'll take this one," I say, reaching around Doug and grabbing a boxer type suit.I notice the girls are gone."Where'd they go?""To change.And to talk about us, I'm sure. "In the small changing room as I strip and get into the suit, I think about my life back home.Here, in Lake Geneva, it's easy to forget about home life for a while.Not having to worry about who's got my back.When I step out of the changing room, Doug says, "She'll take a lot of shit by being with you, you know.People are already starting to talk. ""Listen, Douggie.I like that girl more than I can remember likin' anything in my life.I'm not about to give her up.I'll start carin' about what other people think when I'm six feet under. "Doug smiles and holds out his arms."Ah, Fuentes, I think we just had a male bonding moment.Wanna hug?""Not on your life, white boy. "Doug slaps me on the back, then we walk to the hot tub.Despite everything, I think we do have, if not a bonding, then at least an understanding.Either way, I'm still not hugging him."Very sexy, babe," Sierra says, eyeing Doug's Speedo.Doug is walking like a penguin, waddling while trying to get comfortable."I swear to God I'm taking these off as soon as I get in the hot tub.They're choking my balls. ""TMI," Brittany chimes in, covering her ears with her palms.She's wearing a yellow bikini, leaving very little to the imagination.Does she realize she looks like a sunflower, ready to rain sunshine on all who look down upon her?Doug and Sierra climb into the tub.I hop into the tub and sit beside Brittany.I've never been in a hot tub before, and am not sure about hot tub protocol.Are we going to sit 271 here and talk, or do we break off into couples and make out?I like the second option, but Brittany looks nervous.Especially when Doug tosses his Speedo out of the tub.I wince."Come on, man. ""What?I want to be able to have kids one day, Fuentes.That thing was cutting off my circulation. "Brittany hops out of the tub and pulls a towel around her."Let's go inside, Alex. "163     "You guys can stay in here," Sierra says."I'll make him put the marble bag back on. ""Forget it.You two enjoy the tub.We'll be inside," Brittany says.When I'm out of the tub, Brittany hands me an extra towel.I put my arm around her as we walk to the cabin."You okay?""Absolutely.I was thinking you were upset. ""I'm cool.But... "Inside, I pick up a blown glass figurine and study it."Seein' this house, this life ...I want to be here with you, but I look around and realize this will never be me. ""You're thinking too much. "She kneels on the carpet and pats the floor."Come here and lie on your stomach.I know how to give Swedish massages.It'll relax you. ""You're not Swedish," I say."Yeah, well, neither are you.So if I do it wrong you'll never know the difference. "I lie next to her."I thought we were gonna take this relationship slow. ""A back rub is harmless. "My eyes roam over her kick ass bikini covered bod."I'll have you know I've been intimate with girls wearin' a lot more. "She slaps me on the butt."Behave yourself. "272 When her hands move over my back, I let out a groan.Man, this is torture.I'm trying to behave, but her hands feel too damn good and my body has a mind of its own."You're tense," she says in my ear.Of course I'm tense.Her hands are all over me.My answer is another groan.After a few minutes of Brittany's mind numbing massage, loud moaning, groaning, and grunting from the hot tub floats into the room.Doug and Sierra have obviously skipped the back rub portion of the evening."Do you think they're doing it?"she asks."Either that, or Doug's a very religious guy," I say, referring to the guy screaming Oh, God!every two seconds."Does it make you horny?"she sings quietly into my ear."No, but you keep massagin' me like that and you can forget about that goin' slow bullshit. "I sit up and face her."What I can't figure out is if you know you're a tease and are fuckin' with me or whether you really are innocent. ""I'm not a tease. "164     I cock an eyebrow, then look down at my upper thigh where she's parked her hand.She snatches it away."Okay, I didn't mean to put my hand there.Well, I mean, not really.It just kinda ...wh ...what I mean to say is  " "I like it when you stutter," I say as I pull her down next to me and show her my own version of a Swedish massage until we're interrupted by Sierra and Doug.Two weeks later, I get word that I have a court date for my gun possession charge.I hide the info from Brittany, because she'd freak out.She'd 273 probably go on and on about how a public defender isn't as good as a private lawyer.The thing is, I can't afford a fancy lawyer.As I'm worrying about my fate while I'm hanging by the front doors before school, I'm suddenly sideswiped by someone and almost lose my balance."What the hell?"I push back."Sorry," the guy says nervously.I realize the guy is none other than White Guy from the jail cell."Come and fight me, geek," Sam calls out.I step forward, getting in the middle."Sam, what's your problem?""This pendejo took my parkin' spot," Sam says, pointing past me to White Guy."So what?Did you find another spot?"Sam stands stiffly, ready to kick White Guy's ass.Sam can do it, no problem."Yeah, I found another spot. ""Then leave the guy alone.I know him.He's cool. "Sam raises an eyebrow."You know this guy?""Listen," I say, taking one look at White Guy and am glad he's wearing a blue button down instead of his coral shirt.It's still geek city, but at least I can keep a straight face when I say, "This guy's been in jail more times than me.He might look like a complete pendejo, but underneath that fucked up hair and lame shirt he's a complete badass. ""You're fuckin' with me, Alex," Sam says.I step out of the way and shrug."Don't say I didn't warn you. "White Guy steps forward, attempting to look tough.I bite my lower lip to keep from laughing and cross my arms around my chest as if waiting for the ass kicking to start.My LB buddies also wait, ready to see Sam get his ass kicked by a white geek.274 165     Sam looks from Alex to White Guy and back."If you're fuckin' with me, Alex  " "Check his police record.Grand theft auto is his specialty. "Sam contemplates his next move.White Guy doesn't wait.He walks over to me, holding out his fist."You need anything, Alex, you know who's got your back. "My fist connects with White Guy's.He's gone a second later and I'm thankful nobody noticed his fist shaking in fear.I catch White Guy at his locker between first and second period."Did you mean it?That if I needed anythin' you'd help?""After this morning, I owe you my life," White Guy says."I don't know why you stuck up for me, but I was scared shitless. ""That's rule number one.Don't let them see you scared shitless. "White Guy snorts.I guess it's his laugh  either that or he has a really bad sinus infection."I'll try and remember that the next time a gang member threatens my life. "He holds out his hand for me to shake."I'm Gary Frankel. "I grab his hand and give it a shake."Listen, Gary," I say."My court date is next week and I'd rather not rely on a public defender.You think your mom can help?"Gary smiles."I think so.She's really good.If it's your first offense, she could probably get you a short probation. ""I can't afford  " "Don't worry about the money, Alex.Here's her card.I'll tell her you're a friend of mine and she'll do it pro bono. "As Gary walks down the hallway, I think of how funny it is that the most unlikely person sometimes becomes your ally.And how a blond girl can make you think futures are something to look forward to.275 CHAPTER 45 Brittany After the game on Saturday afternoon, a game we won due to Doug's touchdown pass with four seconds to go in the game, I'm talking to Sierra and the M factors on the side of the field.We're trying to figure out where we want to go celebrate the victory."How about Lou Malnati's?"Morgan calls out.Everyone agrees, because it's the best pizza place in town.Megan is on a diet and is craving their special house salad, so it's a done deal.166     As we're figuring out the logistics, I look over at Isabel talking to Maria Ruiz.I walk over to them."Hey, guys," I say."You want to come to Lou Malnati's with us?"Maria's eyebrows are furrowed in confusion.Isabel's aren't, though."Sure," Isabel says.Maria looks from Isabel to me, then back.She says something to Isabel in Spanish, then says she'll meet us at the restaurant."What did she say?""She wanted to know why you'd ask us to hang with you and your friends. ""What did you tell her?"276 "I told her that I'm one of your friends, although as a hint my friends call me Isa, not Isabel. "I lead her over to the rest of my friends, then look over at Sierra, who admitted to being jealous of my friendship with Isabel not too long ago.But instead of acting cold, she smiles at Isabel and asks her to show her how she does the double back flip in one of our routines.It just reinforces why she's my best friend.Madison seems as stunned as Maria was when I inform everyone that Maria and Isabel will be joining us at Lou Malnati's, but she doesn't say anything.Maybe, just maybe, this is a small step toward what Dr.Aguirre calls "bridging the gap. "I'm not naive enough to think I can change Fairfield overnight, but over the past weeks my perceptions of certain people have changed.I hope their perceptions of me have changed, too.At the restaurant, I'm sitting next to Isabel.A bunch of guys from the football team have come in, so the restaurant has been taken over by Fairfield High students.Darlene walks in with Colin.He's got his arm around her as if they're a couple.Sierra, on the other side of me, says, "Tell me she doesn't have her hand in his back pocket.That is so lame. ""I don't care," I tell her, easing any worries she might have about me being upset."If they want to date, all the more power to them. ""She's only doing it because she wants everything you had.It's a competition thing with her.First taking your position on the squad, now putting her claws into Colin.Next thing you know she'll want to change her name to Brittany. ""Very funny. ""You say that now," she says, then moves in close and whispers, "it won't be so funny if she wants Alex next. ""Now that's not funny. "Doug walks in and Sierra waves him over.He can't squeeze into a 277 chair so Sierra gives up her seat then sits on his lap.They start making out, and that's my cue to turn away and talk to Isabel.167     "How are things progressing with you know who?"I ask, knowing I can't bring up Paco's name because she doesn't want Maria to know she has the hots for him.She sighs."They're not. ""Why not?Didn't you have the talk with him like I told you to?""No.He's been acting like a pendejo, completely ignoring the fact that we got together that one night.I'm thinking he doesn't bring it up because he doesn't want it to go farther. "I think of me breaking up with Colin and going for it with Alex.Every time I break out of what is expected of me and finally do what feels right, I feel stronger."Take a risk, Isa.I guarantee it's worth it. ""You just called me Isa. ""I know.Is that okay?"She pushes my shoulder playfully."Yeah, Brit.It's fine. "Talking to Isa about Paco makes me feel adventurous, and feeling adventurous makes me think of Alex.As soon as we're done eating, and everyone starts leaving, I call Alex on my cell as I'm walking to my car."Do you know where Club Mystique is?""Yeah. ""Meet me there tonight at nine. ""Why?What's up?""You'll see," I say, then hang up but realize Darlene is right behind me.Did she hear me talking to Alex?"Hot date tonight?"she asks.That answers my question."What have I done to you to make you hate me so much?We're friends one minute, and the next I feel you're plotting against me. "Darlene shrugs, then flips her hair back.The gesture alone is a sign 278 I can no longer consider her my friend."I guess I'm sick of living in your shadow, Brit.It's time to give up your reign.You've played Fairfield High's princess for so long.It's time to give someone else a chance to be in the spotlight. ""You can have the spotlight.Enjoy it," I tell her.She has no clue I never wanted it in the first place.If anything, I just used the spotlight to enhance the show I put on for everyone else.When I get to Club Mystique at nine, Alex sneaks up behind me outside.I turn around and wrap my arms around his neck."Whoa, girl," he says, taken aback."I thought we were keepin' this thing between us a secret.I hate to tell you, but a bunch of north siders from Fairfield are right over there.And they're starin' at us. ""I don't care.Not anymore. "168     "Why?""You only live once. "He seems to like my answer, because he takes my hand in his and leads me to the back of the line.It's cold outside, so he opens his leather jacket and envelopes me in his warmth while we wait to get in.I look up at him, our bodies pressed together."Are you going to dance with me tonight?"I ask."Hell, yeah. ""Colin never wanted to dance with me. ""I'm not Colin, querida, and never will be. ""Good.I've got you, Alex.I realize it's all I need and I'm ready to share it with the world. "Inside the club, Alex immediately heads for the dance floor with me.I ignore the gawking stares from Fairfield students from my side of town as I pull Alex close to me and we move as one to the beat.We move together as if we've been a couple forever, every movement 279 in sync with each other.For the first time I'm not afraid of what people think of me and Alex together.Next year, in college, it won't matter who came from what side of town.Troy, a boy I danced with the last time I came to Club Mystique, taps me on the shoulder as the music makes the dance floor vibrate."Who's the new stud?"he asks."Troy, this is my boyfriend, Alex.Alex, this is Troy. ""Hey, man," Alex says as he holds out his hand and quickly shakes Troy's."I have a feeling this guy won't make the same mistake the other one did," Troy says to me.I don't answer, because I feel Alex's hands around my waist and back and it feels so right to have him here with me.I think he liked me calling him my boyfriend, and it felt so good to say it out loud.I lean my back against his chest and close my eyes, letting the rhythm of the music and the movement of our bodies mold together.After we've been dancing awhile and need a breather, we walk off the dance floor.I whip out my cell and say, "Pose for me. "The first picture I take is of him trying to pose like a cool bad boy.It makes me laugh.I take another one before he can strike a pose this time."Let's take one of the both of us," he says, pulling me close.I press my cheek against his while he takes my cell and puts it as far away as he can reach, then freezes this perfect moment with a click.After the picture is taken, he pulls me into his arms and kisses me.Leaning against Alex, I scan the crowd.On the first floor, right by the balcony, is Colin  the last person I thought would be here.Colin hates it here; he hates to dance.169     His angry eyes meet mine, then he makes a big show of kissing the 280 girl standing next to him.It's Darlene.And she's kissing him back with all she's got while he grabs her butt and grinds against her.She knew I'd be here tonight with Alex, and she obviously planned this."You want to go?"Alex asks as he catches sight of Colin and Darlene.I turn to face him and once again I'm breathless just looking at his beautiful, strong features."Nope.But it's so hot in here.Take off your jacket. "He hesitates before saying, "I can't. ""Why not?"He winces."Tell me the truth, Alex. "He tucks a loose strand of hair that's fallen in my face behind my ear."Mujer, this isn't Latino Blood turf.It's the Fremont 5's territory, a rival of the Latino Blood.Your friend Troy is one of them. "What?When I suggested we come here, I never thought about territory or gang affiliation.I just wanted to dance."Oh, God.Alex, I put you in danger.Let's get out of here!"I say frantically.Alex pulls me close and whispers in my ear, "You only live once, isn't that what you said?Dance with me again. ""But  " He cuts me off with a kiss so powerful I forgot what I was supposed to be upset about.And as soon as I come to my senses, we're back on the dance floor.We beat the odds and dance dangerously close to the sharks, but come out without a scratch.The danger lurking around ends up heightening our awareness of each other.In the girls' restroom, Darlene is fixing her makeup in the mirror.I see her.She sees me.281 "Hi," I say.Darlene walks past me without a word.It's a taste of what it's like to be a north sider outcast, but I don't care.At the end of the night, as Alex is walking me to my car, I take his hand in mine and look up at the stars."If you could wish on a star right now, what would you wish for?"I ask him."For time to stop. ""Why?"170     He shrugs.  "'Cause I could live forever at this moment.What would you wish for?""That we'd go to college together.While you want to stop the future from happening, I look forward to it.Wouldn't it be great if we went to the same school?I mean it, Alex. "He pulls away from me."For someone who wanted to take things slow, you sure are plannin' far in advance. ""I know.I'm sorry.I can't help it.I applied early decision to the University of Colorado to be close to my sister.That place my parents are sending her is a few miles away from the campus.It wouldn't hurt to apply, would it?""I guess not. ""Really?"He squeezes my hand."Anything to make you smile like that. "282 CHAPTER 46 Alex "I need an update on the Brittany situation," Lucky says while I'm hanging outside the warehouse."Guys are makin' side bets, and most of them are bettin' on you.They know somethin' I don't?"I shrug, then look over at Julio, shiny from my wash earlier.If my motorcycle could talk, he'd beg me to save him from Lucky.But I'm not about to spill any info about Brittany.Not yet, at least.Hector walks up to us and waves Lucky away."We need to talk, Fuentes," Hector says in a tone that means business, "about that favor we were talking about.On Halloween night, you'll take a rental car, drive it to the drop off, and exchange the goods for the green.Think you can handle that?"My brother is right.I do have my papa's blood running through my veins.By doing the drug deal, I'll secure my future in the Blood, which is my birthright.Other kids inherit money or a family business from their parents.I inherited the Latino Blood."There's nothin' I can't handle," I tell Hector, even as I feel the pit of my stomach lurch.I knowingly lied to Brittany.Her face lit up when she talked about possibly going to college together.I couldn't tell her the 283 truth, that not only am I staying in the Latino Blood, I'm about to exchange goods for the green.Hector pats me on the back."That's my loyal brother.I knew the Blood would come before your fear.Somos hermanos, c'no?""!Seguro!"I answer so he knows I'm loyal to him and the Blood.It isn't the drug deal I fear.It's that the drug deal signifies the end of any dreams I had.By doing it, I'll cross over the line.Like my papa.171     "Yo, Alex. "Paco is standing a few feet away.I hadn't even noticed Hector left."Wha's up?""I need your help, compa," Paco says."You, too?"He gives me that I am Paco and I am exasperated look."Just take a ride with me. "Three minutes later I'm in the passenger seat of a borrowed red Camaro.I sigh."You gonna tell me what you want help with or are you keepin' me in suspense?""Actually, I'm gonna keep you in suspense. "I read the WELCOME TO sign on the side of the road."Winnetka?"What does Paco want in this wealthy suburban town?"Trust," Paco says."What?""Best friends need to trust each other. "I lean back, totally aware I'm brooding like one of those guys in a bad Western movie.I agreed to do a drug deal and now I'm heading into upper class suburbia for apparently no reason."Ah, here it is," Paco says.I look up at the sign."You've got to be kiddin'. "284 "Nope. ""If you're plannin' to rob the place, I'll stay in the car. "Paco rolls his eyes."We're not here to rob a bunch of golfers. ""Then why drag me all the way out here?""My golf swing.Come on, get off your ass and help. ""It's fifty five degrees outside and the middle of October, Paco. ""It's all a matter of priority and perception. "I sit in the car, contemplating how to get home.Walking will take too long.I don't know where the closest bus stop is and ...and ...and I'm going to kick Paco's ass for bringing me to a fuckin' golf range.I stalk over to where Paco is setting down a basket of balls.Man, there are probably a hundred of them.172     "Where'd you get that club?"I ask.Paco swings it in the air like a propeller."From the guy who rents the balls.You want one so you can hit a few?""No. "Paco points the end of the golf club at a green wooden bench situated behind him."Then sit over there. "As I sit, my gaze wanders to the other guys hitting balls in their little sections, warily eyeing us out of the corners of their eyes.I'm all too aware Paco and I look and dress drastically different from the rest of the guys at the range.Jeans, T shirts, tattoos, and bandannas on our heads make us stick out while most of the golfers are wearing long sleeve golf shirts, Dockers, and no distinguishing marks on their skin.I don't normally care, but after the talk with Hector, I want to go home, not be a spectacle.I rest my elbows on my knees, watching Paco make a complete fool of himself.Paco takes a little white golf ball and places it on top of a rubber circle inserted into the fake grass.When he swings the golf club, I wince.285 The club misses the ball and connects with the fake grass instead.Paco swears.The guy next to Paco takes one look at him and moves to another section.Paco tries again.This time the club connects, but his ball only rolls along the grass in front of him.He keeps trying, but each time Paco swings, he makes a complete ass out of himself.Does he think he's hitting a hockey puck?"You done?"I ask once he's gone through half the basket."Alex," Paco says, leaning on the golf club like it's a cane."Do ya think I was meant to play golf?"Looking Paco straight in the eye, I answer, "No. ""I heard you talkin' to Hector.I don't think you were meant to deal, either. ""Is that why we're here?You're tryin' to make a point?""Hear me out," Paco insists."I've got the keys to the car in my pocket and I'm not goin' nowhere until I finish hittin' all of these balls, so you might as well listen.I'm not smart like you.I don't have choices in life, but you, you're smart enough to go to college and be a doctor or computer geek or somethin' like that.Just like I wasn't meant to hit golf balls, you weren't meant to deal drugs.Let me do the drop for you. ""No way, man.I appreciate you makin' an ass out of yourself to prove a point, but I know what I need to do," I tell him.Paco sets up a new ball, swings, and yet again the ball rolls away from him."That Brittany sure is hot.She goin' to college?"I know what Paco is doing; unfortunately my best friend is nothing less than obvious."Yep.In Colorado. "To be close to her sister, the person she cares for more than herself.Paco whistles."I'm sure she'll meet a lot of guys in Colorado.You know, real guys with cowboy hats. "173     286 My muscles tense.I don't want to think about it.I ignore Paco until we're back in the car."When are you going to stop stickin' your ass into my business?"I ask him.He chuckles."Never. ""Then I guess you won't mind me bargin' into yours.What happened between you and Isa, huh?""We fooled around.It's over. ""You might think it's over, but I don't think she does. ""Yeah, well, that's her problem. "Paco turns the radio on and blasts the music loud.He's never dated anyone because he's scared of getting close to someone.Even Isa isn't aware of all the abuses he's endured at home.Believe me, I understand the reasons behind his keeping a distance from a girl he cares about.Because the truth is, sometimes getting close to the fire does actually burn you.287 CHAPTER 47 Brittany "Paco, what are you doing here?"The last person I expected to see at my house is Alex's best friend."I kinda need to talk to you. ""Want to come in?""You sure it's okay?"he asks nervously."Of course. "Well, it probably isn't okay with my parents, but it is to me.It's not like my parents will suddenly decide not to send Shelley away.I'm tired of pretending, of being afraid of my mom's wrath.This guy is Alex's best friend, and he accepts me.I'm sure it wasn't easy for him to come here.Opening the door wide, I let Paco in.If he asks me about Isabel, what do I say?She swore me to secrecy."Who's at the door, Brit?""This is Paco," I explain to my mom."He's a friend of mine from school. ""Dinner's on the table," my mother hints not too subtly."Tell your friend it's not polite to visit during dinner hours. "I turn to Paco."Want to eat over?"I'm being rebellious and it feels good.Cathartic.288 I hear my mom's footsteps stomping to the kitchen."Uh, no thanks," Paco says, stifling a laugh."I thought maybe we could talk, you know, about Alex. "174     I don't know if I'm relieved he's not asking what I know about Isabel, or nervous because if Paco came here it's serious.I lead Paco through the house.We pass Shelley in the family room looking at some magazine."Shelley, this is Paco.He's Alex's friend.Paco, this is my sister, Shelley. "At the mention of Alex's name, Shelley gives a happy squeal."Hey, Shelley," Paco says.Shelley smiles wide."Shell bell, I need you to do me a favor. "Shelley bobs her head in response as I whisper, "I need you to keep Mom occupied while I talk to Paco. "Shelley grins, and I know my sister will come through for me.My mother pops into the room, ignoring me and Paco as she wheels Shelley into the kitchen.I look at Paco warily as I lead him outside so we can have privacy from eavesdropping mothers."What's up?""Alex needs help.He won't listen to me.A big drug deal is goin' down and Alex is the elmero mero, the key guy runnin' the show. ""Alex wouldn't do a drug deal.He promised me. "The look on Paco's face tells me he knows otherwise."I've tried to reason with him," Paco says."This thing ...it's with big time dealers.Somethin' doesn't feel right about it, Brittany.Hector's makin' Alex do this and for the life of me I don't know why.Why Alex?""What can I do?"I ask."Tell Alex to find a way out.If anyone can get out of it, it's him. "289 Tell him?Alex resents being told to do anything.I can't imagine he would agree to do a drug deal."Brittany, dinner is already cold!"my mother yells from the kitchen window."And your father just got home.Let's sit down as a family for once. "The sound of crashing dishes brings my mother back in the house.Shelley's brilliant move, no doubt.But it really isn't Shelley's job to keep me from telling my parents the truth."Wait here," I say."Unless you want to witness an Ellis family argument. "Paco rubs his hands together."This has got to be better than my family fights. "I walk into the kitchen and give my dad a peck on the cheek."Who's your friend?"my dad asks warily.175     "Paco, this is my dad.Dad, this is my friend Paco. "Paco says, "Hey. "My dad nods.My mom grimaces."Paco and I need to go. ""Where?"my dad asks, totally confused."To see Alex. ""No you're not," my mom says.My dad holds up his hands, clueless."Who's Alex?""That other Mexican boy I was telling you about," my mom says tightly."Don't you remember?""I don't remember anything these days, Patricia. "My mom stands, her plateful of food in hand, and tosses it into the sink.The dish breaks and the food flies all over."We've given you everything you want, Brittany," my mother says."A new car, designer clothes  " My patience snaps."That's totally superficial, Mom.Sure, on the 290 outside everyone sees you guys as successful, but as parents you really suck.I'd give you both a C minus on parenting and you're lucky it isn't Mrs.Peterson grading you or you'd flunk.Why are you afraid of being seen as having problems like the rest of the world?"I'm on a roll and can't stop."Listen, Alex needs my help.One of the things that makes me who I am is the loyalty I have to people I hold close to my heart.If that hurts or scares you, I'm sorry," I say.Shelley makes a commotion and we all turn to her."Brittany," comes a computer voice from the PCD attached to my sister's wheelchair.Shelley's fingers are busy punching in the words: "Good.Girl. "I wrap my fingers around my sister's hand before I talk to my parents again."If you want to kick me out, or disown me for being who I am, then do it and get it over with. "I'm done being scared.Scared for Alex, Shelley, and myself.It's time to face all my fears, or I'll lose myself in grief and guilt my entire life.I'm not perfect.It's time the entire world realizes it, too."Mom, I'm going to see the social worker at school. "My mom scrunches up her face in disgust."That's asinine.It'll be in your school records the rest of your life.You don't need a social worker. ""Yes, I do. "I steel myself and add, "You do, too.We all do. ""Listen to me, Brittany.If you walk out that door ...don't come back. ""You're being rebellious," my dad interjects."I know.And it feels so good. "I grab my purse.It's all I have, unless you include the clothes on my back.I put on a huge smile and hold my hand out to Paco."Ready to go?"