"That whole drawn out speech?"I remember something about a solar system, but I'm too light headed to recite the entire thing all over again.He steps closer."No.The part about you fallin' for me. "My eyes cling to his."I think about you all the time, Alex.And I really, really want to kiss you again. "The sides of his mouth turn up.Unable to face him, I look at the ground."Don't make fun of me. "I can take anything but that right about now."Don't turn away from me, mamacita.I'd never make fun of you. ""I didn't want to like you," I admit, looking back up at him."I know. ""This probably won't work," I tell him."Probably not. "219 "My home life's not so perfect. ""That makes two of us," he says."I'm willing to find out what this thing is going on between us.Are you?""If we weren't outside," he says, "I'd show you  " I cut him off by grabbing the thick hair at the base of his neck and pulling that gorgeous head of his down.If we can't exactly have privacy right now, I'll settle for being real.Besides, everyone who we need to keep this a secret from is in school.Alex keeps his hands at his side, but when I part my lips, he groans against my mouth and his wrench drops to the ground with a loud clink.His strong hands wrap around me, making me feel protected.His velvet tongue mingles with mine, creating an unfamiliar melting sensation deep within my body.This is more than making out, it's ...well, it feels like a lot more.His hands never stop moving; one circles my back while the other plays with my hair.Alex isn't the only one exploring.My hands are roving all over him, feeling his muscles tense beneath my hands and heightening my awareness of him.I touch his jaw and the roughness of a day's growth scratches my skin.A loud clearing of Enrique's throat tears us apart.Alex looks at me with intense passion."I have to get back to work," he says, his breathing ragged.131     "Oh.Well, sure. "Suddenly embarrassed at our PDA, I step back."Can I see you later today?"he asks."My friend Sierra is coming over for dinner. ""The one who looks in her purse a lot?"220 "Urn, yeah. "I need to change the subject or I'll be tempted to invite him, too.I can see it all now  my mom seething in disgust at Alex and his tattoos."My cousin Elena is gettin' married on Sunday.Go with me to the wedding," he says.I look at the ground."I can't have my friends know about us.Or my parents. ""I won't tell 'em. ""What about people at the wedding?They'll all see us together. ""Nobody from school will be there.Except my family, and I'll make sure they keep their mouths shut. "I can't.Lying and sneaking around has never been my strong point.I push him away."I can't think when you're standing that close. ""Good.Now about that wedding. "God, looking at him makes me want to go."What time?""Noon.It'll be an experience you won't forget.Trust me.I'll pick you up at eleven. ""I didn't say 'yes' yet. ""Ah, but you were about to," he says in his dark, smooth voice."Why don't I meet you here at eleven," I suggest, gesturing to the body shop.If my mom finds out about us, all hell will break loose.He lifts my chin up to face him."Why aren't you afraid of bein' with me?""Are you kidding?I'm terrified. "I focus on the tattoos running up and down his arms."I can't pretend to live a squeaky clean life. "He holds up my hand so it's palm against palm with his.Is he thinking about the difference in the color of our skin, his rough fingers against the nail polish on the tips of mine?"In some ways we're so opposite," he says.221 I thread my fingers through his."Yeah, but in other ways we're so similar. "That gets a smile out of him, until Enrique clears his throat again."I'll meet you here at eleven on Sunday," I say.132     Alex backs away, nods, and winks."This time it's a date. "222 CHAPTER 36 Alex "Man, she was kissin' you like it was the last kiss of her life.If she kisses like that, I wonder how she  " "Shut up, Enrique. ""She's gonna ruin you, Alejo," Enrique continues, calling me by my Spanish nickname."Look at you already, spendin' time in jail last night and cuttin' school to get your motorcycle back.Granted, she's got a buena torta, but is she worth it?""I gotta get back to work," I say, my mind whirling with Enrique's words.And as I work under a Blazer for the remainder of the evening, all I want to do is make out with my mamacita again and again.Yes, she's definitely worth it."Alex, Hector is here.With Chuy," Enrique says at six o'clock when I'm ready to head home.I wipe my hands on my work pants."Where are they?""In my office. "A feeling of dread washes over me as I approach the room.When I open the door, Hector stands there as if he owns the place.Chuy is in the corner, a not so innocent bystander.223 "Enrique, this is a private matter. "I hadn't noticed Enrique behind me, acting as my ally should I need one.I give a nod to my cousin.I've been loyal to the Blood, there's no reason Hector should doubt my commitment.Chuy's presence makes this meeting a big deal.If it was just Hector, I wouldn't be this tense.Alex," Hector says the moment Enrique is out of sight.'Ain't it good to meet here instead of the courthouse?"I give him a weak smile and shut the door.Hector motions to the small, ripped couch on the far side of the room."Sit down. "He waits until I take a seat."I need you to do me a favor, amigo. "There's no use in delaying the inevitable."What kind of favor?""A shipment needs to be delivered October thirty first. "That's over a month and a half away.Halloween night."I don't deal drugs," I cut in."You knew that from day one. "I eye Chuy like a pitcher in baseball does when a guy leads too far off base.Hector stands over me and puts his hand on my shoulder."You've got to get over what happened to your old 133     man.If you want to lead the Blood, you've got to deal drugs. ""Then count me out. "Hector's hand tightens and Chuy steps forward.A silent threat."I wish it were that simple," Hector says."I need you to do this for me.And, quite honestly, you owe me. "Shit.If I hadn't gotten arrested in the first place, I wouldn't owe this debt to Hector."I know you won't disappoint me.By the way, how's your mother?I haven't seen her in a while. "224 "She's fine," I say, wondering what mi'ama has to do with this conversation."Tell her I said hello, will ya?"What the hell does that mean?Hector opens the door, motions for Chuy to follow him, and leaves me to stew over it.I sit back, staring at the closed door, and wonder if I have it in me to do a drug deal.If I want to keep my family safe, my choice has been made for me.225 CHAPTER 37 Brittany "I can't believe you broke up with Colin. "Sierra is painting her nails on my bed after dinner."I hope you don't live to regret your decision, Brit.You two have been together for so long.I thought you loved him.You broke his heart, you know.He called Doug crying. "I sit up."I want to be happy.Colin doesn't make me happy anymore.He admitted to cheating on me over the summer with some girl he met.He had sex with her, Sierra. ""What?I can't believe it. ""Trust me.Colin and I were over when he went away for the summer.It just took me a while to realize we couldn't fake it anymore. ""So, did you move on to Alex?Colin thinks you're mixing more than just test tubes with your chem partner. ""No," I lie.Even though Sierra is my best friend, she holds the belief there's a definite social divide.While I want to tell her the truth, I can't.Not now.Sierra closes the bottle of nail polish and huffs."Brit, I'm your best friend whether you want to believe it or not.You're lying to me.Admit it. ""What do you want me to say?"I ask.134     226 "Try the truth, for once.Geez, Brit.I understand you don't want Darlene to know shit because she's gone off the deep end emotionally.And I can understand you not wanting the triple M factor knowing everything.But this is me.Your best friend.You know, the one who knows about Shelley and who has seen your mom go off on you. "Sierra grabs her purse and shoves it onto her shoulder.I don't want her mad at me, but I want her to know where I'm coming from."What if you want to tell Doug stuff?I don't want to put you in a situation where you have to lie to him. "Sierra gives me a sneer that resembles the one I use all the time."Screw you, Brit.Thanks for making me feel like my best friend doesn't trust me. "Before she leaves my room she turns back and says, "You know how people have selective hearing?You have selective disclosure.I saw you having a major conversation with Isabel Avila today in the hall.If I didn't know better, I'd say you were sharing secrets with her. "She throws up her hands."Okay, so I admit I was jealous that my best friend is obviously sharing stuff with another friend and not me.When you realize I'm rooting like hell for you to be happy, call me. "She's right.But this thing with Alex is so new, and I'm feeling vulnerable about it.Isabel is the only one who knows both me and Alex, so I went to her."Sierra, you're my best friend.You know that," I say, hoping she knows it's the truth.I might have trust issues, but that doesn't negate the fact that she's the closest friend I have."Then start acting like it," she says before leaving.I wipe a bead of sweat slowly dripping from my brow as I drive to meet Alex for the wedding.I picked a cream colored, fitted sundress with spaghetti straps.My 227 parents will be home when I get back, so I put a change of clothes inside my workout bag.My mom will see the Brittany she expects to see when I get home  a perfect daughter.Who cares if it's a facade as long as it keeps her happy.Sierra was right; I do have selective disclosure.My car rounds the corner, riding the path to the body shop.When I spot Alex leaning on his motorcycle waiting for me in the parking lot, my pulse skips a beat.Oh, boy.I'm in trouble.Gone is his ever present bandanna.Alex's thick black hair rests on his forehead, daring to be swept back.Black pants and a black silk shirt have replaced his jeans and T shirt.He looks like a young Mexican daredevil.I can't help but smile as I park next to him."Querida, you look like you've got a secret. "I do, I think as I step out of my car.You."Dios mio.You look ...preciosa. "I turn in a circle."Is this dress okay?"135     "Come here," he says, pulling me against him."I don't want to go to the wedding anymore.I'd rather have you all to myself. ""No way," I say, running a slow finger along the side of his jaw."You're a tease. "I love this playful side of Alex.It makes me forget all about those demons."I came to see a Latino wedding, and I expect to see one," I tell him."And here I thought you were comin' to be with me. ""You've got a big ego, Fuentes. ""That's not all I've got. "He backs me against my car, his breath warming my neck more than the midday sun.I close my eyes and expect his lips on mine, but instead I hear his voice."Give me your keys," he says, reaching around and taking them from my hand.228 "You're not going to throw them into the bushes, are you?""Don't tempt me. "Alex opens my car door and slides into the driver's seat."Aren't you going to invite me in?"I ask, confused."No.I'm parkin' your car in the shop so it doesn't get jacked.This is an official date.I'm drivin'. "I point to his motorcycle."Don't think I'm getting on that thing. "His left eyebrow raises a fraction."Why not?Julio's not good enough for you?""Julio?You named your motorcycle Julio?""After my great uncle who helped my parents move here from Mexico. ""I like Julio just fine.I just don't want to ride on him wearing this short dress.Unless you want everyone riding behind us to see my undies. "He rubs his chin, thinking about it."Now that would be a sight for sore eyes. "I cross my arms over my chest."I'm jokin'.We're takin' my cousin's car. "We get in a black Camry parked across the street.After driving a few minutes he pulls a cigarette from a pack lying on the dashboard.The click of the lighter makes me cringe."What?"he asks, the lit cigarette dangling from his lips.He can smoke if he wants.This might be an official date, but I'm not his official girlfriend or anything.I shake 136     my head."Nothing. "I hear him exhale, and the cigarette smoke burns my nostrils more than my mom's perfume.As I lower my window all the way, I suppress a cough.When he stops at a stoplight, he looks over at me."If you've got a problem with me smokin', tell me. "229 "Okay, I've got a problem with you smoking," I tell him."Why didn't you just say so?"he says, then smashes it into the car's ashtray."I can't believe you actually like it," I say when he starts driving again."It relaxes me. ""Do I make you nervous?"His gaze travels from my eyes to my breasts and down to where my dress meets my thighs."In that dress you do. "230 CHAPTER 38 Alex If I keep looking at her long legs I'm gonna have an accident."How's that sister of yours?"I ask, changing the subject."She's waiting to beat you again at checkers. ""Is that right?Well, tell her I was goin easy on her.I was tryin' to impress you. ""By losing?"I shrug."It worked, didn't it?"I notice her fidgeting with her dress as if she needs to fix it to impress me.Wanting to ease her anxiety, I slide my fingers down her arm before capturing her hand in mine."You tell Shelley I'll be back for a rematch," I say.She turns to me, her blue eyes sparkling."Really?""Absolutely. "During the drive, I try and make small talk.It doesn't work.I'm not a small talk kind of guy.It's a good thing Brittany seems content without talking.Before long I park in front of a small, two story brick house.137     "Isn't the wedding at a church?"231 "Not for Elena.She wanted to get married at her parents' house. "I rest my hand on the small of her back as we walk up to the house.Don't ask me why I feel a need to claim her as mine.Maybe deep down I am a Neanerthal.When we enter the house, Mariachi music blares from the backyard and people fill up almost every inch of space.I check out Brittany's reaction, wondering if she feels like she's been magically transported to Mexico.My family doesn't live in big houses with swimming pools like she's used to.Enrique and a bunch of my other cousins yell greetings to us.They all speak Spanish, which would seem normal except that my date only speaks English.I'm used to being kissed to death by my aunts and given hearty slaps on the backs by my uncles.I'm not sure she is, though.I nudge Brittany closer to me as a sign that I haven't forgotten her, and attempt to introduce her to my family but give up when I realize there's no way she'll remember all their names.";Ese!"comes a voice from behind us.I turn to Paco."What's up?"I say, slapping my friend on the back."Brittany, I'm sure you've seen mi mejor amigo around school.Don't worry, he knows not to tell anyone he saw you here. ""My lips are sealed," he says, then like a dork pretends to lock his mouth and toss the key away."Hi, Paco," she says, laughing.Jorge sidles up to us, wearing a white tuxedo and a red rose in his lapel.I slap my cousin to be on the back."Yo, man, you really do clean up nice. ""You don't look too bad yourself.You gonna introduce me to your friend, or not?"232 "Brittany, this is Jorge.He's the poor guy ...I mean, lucky guy, marrying my cousin Elena. "Jorge hugs her."Any friend of Alex's is a friend of ours. ""Where's the bride?"Paco asks."She's upstairs in her parents' bedroom, crying. ""From happiness?"I guess."No, man.I went in there to give her a kiss and now she's thinkin' of callin' it off, says it's bad luck to see the groom before the wedding," Jorge adds, shrugging."Good luck," I say."Elena is superstitious.She'll probably make you do some crazy shit to make the bad luck go away. "138     As Paco and Jorge contemplate what Elena will make him do to erase the bad luck, I take Brittany's hand and lead her outside.A live band is playing.Even though we're pochos, we definitely keep our traditions and culture close.Our food is spicy, our families are big and close, and we like to dance to music that makes our bodies move."Is Paco your cousin?"Brittany asks."No, he just likes to think he is.Carlos, this is Brittany," I say when we reach my brother."Yeah, I know," Carlos says."Remember I saw you two swapping spit. "Brittany is stunned into silence."Watch your mouth," I say, slapping Carlos on the back of the head.Brittany puts her hand on my chest."It's okay, Alex.You don't have to protect me from everyone. "Carlos takes on a cocky stance."That's right, bro.You don't have to protect her.Well, maybe except from Mama. "That's it.I exchange heated words with Carlos in Spanish so Brittany can't understand."Vete, cabron no molestes. "Is he trying to make my date have a shitty time?With a huff, Carlos heads for the food.233 "Where's your other brother?"Brittany asks.We sit at one of the many small rented tables in the middle of the yard.I drape my arm over the back of her chair."Luis is right there. "I point to the corner of the yard, where my little brother is the center of attention doing imitations of barnyard animals.I have yet to inform him that talent isn't as much of a chick magnet when you get into junior high.Brittany's eyes are focused on my cousin's four little kids, all under the age of seven, running around.Two year old Marissa has decided her dress isn't comfortable and has tossed it in the corner of the yard."They probably all look like a bunch of rowdy mojados to you. "She smiles."No.They look like a bunch of people having fun at an outdoor wedding.Who's that?"she asks as a guy in a U. S.  military uniform walks past us."Another cousin?""Yep.Paul just came back from the Middle East.Believe it or not, he used to be in the Python Trio, a Chicago gang.Man, before the Marines he was really fucked up with drugs. "She flashes me a look."I told you before, I don't mess with drugs.Not anymore, at least," I say firmly, wanting her to believe me."Or deal them. ""Promise?""Yeah," I say, remembering at the beach when I got fucked up with Carmen.That was the last time."No matter what you've heard, I stay away from the coca, 'cause that stuff ain't no joke.Believe it or not, I'd like 139     to keep all the brain cells I was born with. ""What about Paco?"she asks."Does he do drugs?""Sometimes. "She watches Paco, laughing and joking with my family, desperately trying to be a part of it, instead of his own.His ma left a few years ago, 234 leaving him in a crap situation at home with his dad.I don't blame him for wanting an escape.My cousin Elena finally appears in a lacy white dress and the wedding starts.While the vows are recited, I stand behind Brittany and gather her into my arms, holding her snugly.I wonder what she'll be wearing at her wedding.She'll probably have professional photographers and videographers capturing the moment for eternity."Ahora los declar.Marido y Mujer," the priest says.The bride and groom kiss and everyone applauds.Brittany squeezes my hand.235 CHAPTER 39 Brittany I can tell Jorge and Elena are madly in love with each other and it makes me wonder if I'll be as in love with my future husband.I think about Shelley.She'll never have a husband, never have children.I know my own kids will love her as much as I do; she'll have no lack of love her entire life.But will she ever internally yearn for something she'll never have  a husband and family of her own?Looking back at Alex, I can't see myself involved in gangs and who knows what else.It isn't me.But this guy, smack dab in the middle of everything I'm against, is connected to me like nobody else.It's my mission to make him change his life so, one day, people might say we're a perfect couple.As music fills the air, I wrap my arms around Alex's waist and lay my head on his chest.He pushes stray tendrils away from my neck and holds me as we sway to the music.A guy approaches the bride with a five dollar bill."It's a tradition," Alex explains."He's payin' to dance with the bride.They call it the prosperity dance. "I observe, fascinated, as the guy attaches the five dollar bill to the train of the bride's dress with a safety pin.236 140     My mother would be horrified.Someone yells to the guy dancing with the bride and everyone laughs."What's so funny?""They're sayin' he pinned the bill close to her ass. "I study the couples on the dance floor and try to replicate their moves as I get into the music.When the bride stops dancing, I ask Alex if he's going to dance with her, too.When he says yes, I push him forward."Go dance with Elena.I'm going to talk to your mom. ""You sure you want to do that?""Yeah.I saw her when we first walked in, and I don't want to ignore her.Don't worry about me.I need to do this. "He takes a ten dollar bill out of his wallet.I try not to notice, but it's now empty.He's about to give all the money he has on him to the bride.Can he afford it?I know he works at the auto body shop, but the money he makes probably goes directly to his family.I step back until our hands separate."I'll be back soon. "At the row of tables where the women are setting out platters of food, I walk up to Alex's mom.She's wearing a red wraparound dress and looks younger than my mom.People think my mom is pretty, but Mrs.Fuentes has the timeless beauty of a movie star.Her eyes are big and brown, her eyelashes touch her eyebrows, and her skin is slightly bronzed and flawless.I tap her on the shoulder as she's setting the napkins on the table."Hi, Mrs.Fuentes," I say."Brittany, right?"she asks.I nod.Re introduction over, Brittany.Stop stalling."Umm, I've wanted to say something to you since I got here.And now seems like as 237 good a time as any, but now I seem to be rambling and not getting to the point.I do this when I'm nervous. "The woman is looking at me like I have a screw loose."Go on," she urges."Yes, well, I know we got off on the wrong foot.And I'm sorry if you felt disrespected in any way the last time we met.I just wanted you to know that I didn't go to your house with the intention of kissing Alex. ""Forgive me if I'm curious, but what are your intentions?""Excuse me?""What are your intentions with Alex?""I ...I'm just not sure what you want me to say.To be honest, we're figuring it out as we go along. "Mrs.Fuentes puts a hand on my shoulder."The dear Lord knows I'm not the best mother in the world.But I 141     care about my sons more than life itself, Brittany.And I'll do anything to protect them from harm.I see the way he looks at you, and it scares me.I can't bear to see him hurt one more time by someone he cares about. "Hearing Alex's mom talk about him makes me yearn for a mother who cares and loves me as much as Alex's mom loves him.Trying to swallow what Mrs.Fuentes said is close to impossible; her words leave a lump the size of a golf ball in my throat.The truth is, lately I don't even feel like a part of my own family.I'm someone who is expected by my parents to do and say the right things all the time.I've played the role for so long to help my parents concentrate on Shelley, who truly needs their undivided attention.It's so hard sometimes, trying desperately to make up for being the "normal" kid.Nobody told me I didn't have to be perfect all the time.Truth is, my life is filled with never ending, humongous amounts of guilt.238 Guilt for being the normal child.Guilt for feeling that I have to make sure Shelley is loved as much as I am.Guilt for fearing that my own children might be like my sister.Guilt for being embarrassed when people stare at Shelley in public places.It'll never stop.How can it when I was born with guilt right up to my ears?To Mrs.Fuentes, family means love and protection.To me, family equals guilt and conditional love."Mrs.Fuentes, I can't promise not to hurt Alex.But I can't stay away from him, even if that's what you want.I already tried that. "Because being with Alex takes me away from my own darkness.I can feel tears welling in the corners of my eyes and falling down my face.I push my way through the crowd to find a bathroom.Paco is walking out of the bathroom and I rush past him."You might want to wait before you  " Paco's voice fades as I close the door, locking myself in.Wiping my eyes, I gaze into the mirror.I'm a complete mess.My mascara is dripping and ...oh, it's no use.I slide down and sit on the cold tile floor.Now I realize what Paco was about to tell me.The place stinks; it really reeks ...almost to the point where I want to throw up.I put my hand over my nose, trying to ignore the offending smell as I think about Mrs.Fuentes's words.I sit on the bathroom floor, wiping my eyes with toilet paper and doing my best to cover my nose.A loud knock interrupts my crying fit."Brittany, you in there?"Alex's voice comes through the door."No. ""Please come out. ""No. ""Then let me in. "239 142     "No. ""I want to teach you somethin' in Spanish. ""What?""No es gran cosa. ""What does it mean?"I ask, the tissue still on my face."I'll tell you if you let me in. "I turn the knob until it clicks.Alex steps inside."It means it's not a big deal. "After locking the door behind him, he crouches beside me and takes me in his arms, pulling me close.Then he sniffs a few times."Holy shit.Was Paco in here?"I nod.He smoothes my hair and mutters something in Spanish."What did my mother say to you?"I bury my face in his chest."She was just being honest," I mumble into his shirt.A loud knock at the door interrupts us."Abre la puerta, soy Elena. ""Who's that?""The bride. ""Let me in!"Elena commands.Alex unlocks the door.A vision in white ruffles with dozens of dollar bills safety pinned to the back of her dress squeezes her way into the bathroom, then shuts the door behind her."Okay, what's goin' on?"She, too, sniffs a bunch of times."Was Paco in here?"Alex and I nod."What the fuck does that guy eat that it comes out his other end smelling so rotten?Dammit," she says, wadding up tissue and putting it over her nose.240 "It was a beautiful ceremony," I say through my own tissue.This is the most awkward and surreal situation I've ever been in.Elena grabs my hand."Come outside and enjoy the party.My aunt can be confrontational, but she doesn't mean any harm.Besides, I think deep down she likes you. ""I'm taking her home," Alex says, playing the role of my hero.I wonder when he'll get sick of it.143     "No, you're not takin' her home or I'll lock both of you in this stinkin' smelly room so you'll stay. "Elena means every word.Another knock at the door."Vete vete. "I don't know what Elena said, but she sure said it with gusto."Soy Jorge. "I shrug and look to Alex for an explanation."It's the groom," he says, clueing me in.Jorge slips in.He isn't as crude as the rest of us because he ignores the fact that the room smells like something died.But he sniffs loudly a few times and his eyes start to water."Come on, Elena," Jorge says, trying to cover his nose inconspicuously but doing a poor job of it."Your guests are wondering where you are. ""Can't you see I'm talkin' to my cousin and his date?""Yeah, but  " Elena holds up a hand to silence him while holding the tissue over her nose with the other."I said, I'm talkin' to my cousin and his date," she declares with attitude."And I'm not finished yet. ""You," Elena says, pointing directly at me."Come with me.Alex, I want you and your brothers to sing. "Alex shakes his head."Elena, I don't think  " 241 Elena holds up a hand in front of Alex, silencing even him."I didn't ask you to think.I asked you to join your brothers in singin' to me and my new husband. "Elena opens the door and yanks me through the house, stopping only when we reach the backyard.She lets me go only to grab the microphone from the lead singer."Paco!"she announces loudly."Yeah, I'm talkin' to you," Elena says, pointing to Paco talking to a bunch of girls."Next time you want to take a dump, do it in someone else's house. "Paco's entourage of girls backs up and giggles, leaving him alone.Jorge rushes to the stage and attempts to pick up his wife.The poor man struggles while everyone laughs and claps.When Elena is finally off the stage and Alex talks to the band leader, the guests cheer for Alex and his brothers to sing.Paco sits next to me."Uh, sorry about the bathroom thing.I tried to warn you," he says sheepishly.144     "It's okay.I think Elena embarrassed you enough. "I lean over to Paco and ask, "Seriously, what do you think of Alex and me together?""Seriously, you're pro'bly the best thing that's ever happened to the guy. "242 CHAPTER 40 Alex 145     After my dad died, our ma tried to cheer me, Carlos, and Luis with music.We'd dance around the house, taking turns singing with her.I think it was her way to forget her sorrow, at least for a little while.At night I used to hear her sobbing in her room.I never opened the door, but I itched to break into song and make all of her hurt go away.I talk to the band before taking the microphone."I wouldn't make a fool out of myself by doin' this, but the Fuentes brothers can't ignore this special request from the bride.Elena can be pretty persuasive. ""Yeah, I know!"Jorge yells back.Elena punches him in his arm.He winces.Elena knows how to land a punch.Jorge kisses his bride, too happy to care.My brothers and I start to sing.It isn't a serious song.We ad lib songs by Enrique Iglesias, Shakira, and even my favorite, Mana.When I crouch down to sing to my little cousins, I wink at Brittany.That's when I notice a hush in the crowd and whispers of shock.It's Hector.He made an appearance, which is rare.He winds his way through the yard wearing an expensive suit while everyone stares at him.243 I finish the song and take my place at Brittany's side.I have an urge to protect her."Want a smoke?"Paco asks me as he pulls Marlboros out of his back pocket.I briefly glance at Brittany before answering, "No. "Paco looks at me curiously, then shrugs and takes one for himself."Great singin', Alex.If you would've given me a few more minutes I'd have your novia in the palm of my hand. "He called her my girl.Is she my girl?I lead her to a cooler full of drinks, Paco in tow.I'm careful not to steer her toward Hector.Mario, a friend of one of my cousins, is standing over the cooler sporting Python Trio gang colors and big, baggy jeans that hang off his ass.The Python Trio are our allies, but if Brittany saw him on the street, she'd probably run in the opposite direction."Hey Alex, Paco," Mario says."I see you dressed up for the wedding, Mario," I mutter."Cabron, monkey suits are for white guys," Mario says, ignoring the fact that my date is in fact white."You suburban gangstas are too soft.In the city are the real broth'as. ""Okay, tough guy," Paco says with pure attitude."Tell that to Hector. "I glare at Mario."Mario, you keep talkin' shit like that and I'll give you firsthand proof of how tough we are ...never underestimate the LB. "Mario backs up."Well, I've got a date with a bottle of Corona.Catch you later, guey. "146     "It looks like he's carryin' a load in those pants," Paco says, staring at Mario from behind.244 I look over at Brittany, who looks paler than she usually is."You okay?""You threatened that guy," she whispers."I mean, seriously threatened him. "Instead of answering her, I take her hand and lead her to the edge of the makeshift dance floor, which is really a section of grass.Slow music is playing.When I pull her close, she backs away."What are you doing?""Dance with me," I order."Don't argue with me.Put your arms around me and dance. "I don't want to hear about how I'm in a gang, and how it scares her, and how she wants me to be out of the gang in order for her to date me."But  " "Don't think about what I said to Mario," I say close to her ear."He was feelin' us out, checkin' how loyal we are to Hector.If he senses any dissension, his gang might take advantage.You see, all gangs are separated into Folks or People.Every gang is affiliated with one or the other, and those affiliated with Folks are rivals with those affiliated with People.Mario is affiliated  " "Alex," she interrupts."Yeah. ""Assure me nothing's going to happen to you. "I can't."Just dance," I say quietly as I guide her arms around me and we dance.Looking over Brittany, I see Hector and my mother in an intense conversation.I wonder what they're talking about.She starts walking away from him, until he grabs her arm and pulls her back and says something in her ear.Just when I'm about to stop dancing to find out what the hell is going on, mi'ama smiles at Hector playfully and laughs at something he said.I'm obviously being paranoid.245 Hours pass and darkness falls on the city.The party is still going strong when we walk to the car.On the drive back to Fairfield, we're both quiet."Come here," I say softly when I park in the auto body's back lot.She leans over the middle console, closing the distance between us."I had an amazing time," she whispers."Well, besides when I hid in the bathroom ...and you threatened that guy. ""Forget about that and kiss me," I say.I weave my hands in her hair.She wraps her arms around my neck as I trace the valley between her lips with my tongue.Parting her lips, I deepen the kiss.It's like a tango, first moving slow and rhythmic and then, when we're both panting and our tongues collide, the kiss turns into a hot, fast dance I never want to end.Carmen's kisses may have been hot, but Brittany's are more sensual, sexy, and extremely addictive.147     We're still in the car, but it's cramped and the front seats don't give us enough room.Before I know it, we've moved to the backseat.Still not ideal, but I hardly notice.I'm so getting into her moans and kisses and hands in my hair.And the smell of vanilla cookies.I'm not going to push her too far tonight.But without thinking, my hand slowly moves up her bare thigh."It feels so good," she says breathlessly.I lean her back while my hands explore on their own.My lips caress the hollow of her neck as I ease down the strap to her dress and bra.In response, she unbuttons my shirt.When it's open, her fingers roam over my chest and shoulders, searing my skin."You're ...perfect," she pants.Right now I'm not gonna argue with her.Moving lower, my tongue follows a path down to her silky skin exposed to the night air.She grabs the back of my hair, urging me on.She tastes so damn good.Too good.!Caramelo!246 I pull away a few inches and capture her gaze with mine, those shining sapphires glowing with desire.Talk about perfect."I want you, chula," I say, my voice hoarse.She presses against my erection, the pleasure/pain almost unbearable.But when I start to pull her panties down, she stills my hand and pushes it away."I ...I'm not ready for that.Alex, stop. "I move off her and sit back in the seat, waiting for my body to cool down.I can't look at her as she adjusts her straps, covering her body again.Shit, I went too fast.I told myself not to get too excited, to keep my wits when I'm with this girl.Raking my hand through my hair, I let out a slow breath."I'm sorry. ""No, I'm sorry.It's not your fault.I urged you on and you have every right to be pissed off.Listen, I just got out of a relationship with Colin and I've got a lot of stuff going on at home. "She puts her face in her hands."I'm so confused. "She grabs her purse and opens the door.I follow her, my black shirt open and flying in the wind behind me like a vampire's cape.Either that or the grim reaper's."Brittany, wait. ""Please ...open the door to the garage.I need my car. ""Don't go. "I press the keypad code."I'm sorry," she says once more."Stop sayin' that.Listen, no matter what happened, I'm not with you just to get into your pants.I got carried away with the way we clicked tonight, your vanilla scent that I wanted to keep inhalin' forever and ...shit, I really messed this up, didn't I?"Brittany climbs inside her car."Can we take it slow, Alex?This is going way too fast for me. ""Yeah," I say, nodding.I keep my hands in my pockets, resisting the urge to pull her out of the car.148     247 And dammit if Brittany doesn't drive away.I'd been caught up in her exploring eager hands and went overboard.I forget about everything except her when her body is close.The bet.This thing with Brittany is supposed to be about a bet, not falling for a north sider.I have to keep in mind that I'm only interested in Brittany because of the bet, and I better ignore what I suspect are real feelings.Feelings can't be a part of this game.248 CHAPTER 41 Brittany I pull into a McDonald's where I can be anonymous, change into jeans and a pink wrap around sweater, and drive home.I'm scared because with Alex, it feels too raw.When I'm with Alex, everything is way more intense.My feelings, my emotions, my desire.I was never addicted to Colin, never wanted to be with him twenty four/ seven.I crave Alex.Oh, God.I think I'm falling in love with him.But I know loving someone means losing a part of myself.And tonight, in the car when Alex reached under my dress, I was afraid of losing control.My entire life is about staying in control, so this is not good.It scares me.I walk through the front door of my house, ready to sneak up to my room and put the dress in my closet.Unfortunately, my mom is standing in the foyer, waiting for me."Where were you?"my mother asks sternly while holding up my chemistry book and folder."You said you were working out, then studying with that Hernandez boy. "Busted.Time to either shut up or fess up."His last name is Fuentes, not Hernandez.And yes, I was with him. "249 Silence.My mother's lips are in a tight, thin line."It's obvious you weren't studying.What do you have in that gym bag?"she demands."Drugs?Are you hiding drugs in there?""I don't do drugs," I respond sharply.She cocks an eyebrow and points to my bag."Open it," she orders.I huff and kneel down to unzip it.I feel like a jail inmate.Pulling out my dress, I hold it up.149     "A dress?"my mother asks."I went to a wedding with Alex.His cousin got married. ""That boy made you lie to me.He's manipulating you, Brittany. ""He didn't make me lie, Mom," I say, exasperated."Give me a little credit, would you?I did it all on my own. "Her anger is in full swing, I can tell by the way her eyes are blazing and her hands are shaking."If I ever ...EVER find you were out with that boy again, I'll have no problem convincing your father that you should be sent to boarding school the rest of your senior year.Don't you think I have enough to worry about with Shelley?Promise me you'll have no other contact with him outside of school. "I promise, then run to my room and call Sierra."What's up?"she says."Sierra, I need a best friend right now. ""And you chose me?Gee, I'm flattered," she says dryly."Okay, I lied to you.I like Alex.Big time. "Silence."Sierra, are you there?Or are you ignoring me?""I'm not ignoring you, Brit.I'm just wondering why you chose to tell me now. "250 "Because I need to talk about it.With you.Do you hate me?""You're my best friend," she says."And you're mine. ""Best friends are still best friends even though one decides to abandon all reason and date a gangbanger.Right?""I hope so. ""Brit, don't lie to me ever again. ""I won't.And you can share the info with Doug as long as he promises to keep it to himself. ""Thanks for trusting me, Brit.You may not think it means a lot, but it does. "After I finish the entire story and I hang up with Sierra feeling really good that things are back to normal with her, my phone rings.It's Isabel."I have to talk to you," Isabel says when I answer.150     "What is it?""Did you see Paco today?"Umm ...so much for secrets."Yeah. ""Did you mention me?""No.Why?Did you want me to?""No.Yes.Oh, I don't know.I'm so confused. ""Isabel, just tell him how you feel.It worked for me with Alex. ""Yeah, but you're Brittany Ellis. ""You want to know what it's like being Brittany Ellis?I'll tell you.I'm insecure, just like anyone else.And have more pressure on me to put on an act, so people's image of me isn't shattered and they don't see that I'm really just like anyone else.And that makes me more vulnerable, and more scrutinized, and more susceptible to gossip. ""So I guess you probably won't be happy about the rumors 251 spreading about you and Alex within my group of friends.Do you want to know what they are?""No. ""You sure?""Yeah.If you consider yourself my friend, don't tell me. "Because if I know the rumors, I'll feel like I have to confront them.And right this second I want to live in ignorant bliss.252 CHAPTER 42 Alex After having Brittany speed out of the body shop to get away from me, I'm not feeling like talking and hope to avoid mi'ama when I get home.But one glance at the living room sofa puts that wish to rest.The television is off, the lights are low, and my brothers have probably been sent to our bedroom."Alejandro," she starts."I didn't want this life for us. ""I know. ""I hope Brittany doesn't put ideas in your head that shouldn't be there. "151     I shrug."Like what?That she hates I'm in a gang?You may not have chosen this life for me, but you sure as hell didn't protest when I got jumped in. ""Don't talk like that, Alejandro. ""Because the truth is too painful?I'm in a gang to protect you and my brothers, Mama.You know that, even though we don't talk about it," I say, my voice getting louder to match my frustration."It's a choice I made a long time ago.You can pretend you didn't encourage me, but," I pull off my shirt, revealing my Latino Blood tattoos, "look at me real good.I'm a gangbanger, just like Papa.You want me to deal drugs, too?"253 Tears stream down her face."If I thought there was another way  " "You were too scared to leave this shithole, and now we're stuck.Don't put your guilt on me, or my girl. ""That's not fair," she says, rising."What's not fair is you livin' like a widow in perpetual mourning since Papa died.Why don't we move back to Mexico?Tell Uncle Julio he wasted his life's savings sendin' us to America.Or are you afraid to go back to Mexico and tell your family that you failed here?""We are not having this discussion. ""Open your eyes. "I stretch my arms out wide."What do you have here worth stayin' for?Your sons?'Cause that's a copout.Is this the image of the American Dream to you?"I point to the shrine of my father."He was a gangbanger, not a saint. ""He had no choice," she cries."He protected us. ""And now I'm protectin' us.You gonna have a shrine of me when I get whacked?And Carlos?Because he's next in line, you know.And Luis after him. "Mi'ama slaps me hard, then backs away.Dios mio, I hate that I upset her.I reach out to her, my fingers wrapping around her arm to hug her and apologize, but she winces."Mama?"I question, wondering what's wrong.I wasn't rough with her, but she's acting like I was.She wrenches herself out of my grasp and turns away, but I can't let it go.I step forward and lift up the sleeve of her dress.To my horror I find a nasty bruise on her upper arm.Its purple, black, and blue hues stare back at me, and my mind rushes back to the wedding when I saw my mom and Hector in a private discussion."Hector did this to you?"I question softly."You have to stop asking questions about your papa," she tells me, quickly pulling down her sleeve to cover the bruise.254 Rage rumbles in my gut and spreads as I realize mi'ama got bruised as a warning to me."Why?Who is Hector trying to protect?"Is he protecting someone in the LB, or another gang member affiliated with the LB?I wish I could just ask Hector.Even more, I'd like to retaliate and kick his ass for hurting my mom, but Hector is untouchable.We all know if I challenge Hector, it'll be as if I'm turning on the Blood.152     She glares at me."Don't question me on this.There are things you don't know, Alejandro.Things you should never know.Just let it go. ""You think living in ignorance is a good thing?Papa was a gang member who dealt drugs.I'm not afraid of the truth, dammit.Why is everyone around me covering up the truth?"My hands feel clammy as I hold them stiffly at my sides.A sound from the hallway catches my attention.I turn to see my two brothers, their eyes wide in confusion.Fuck.As soon as she sees Luis and Carlos, she sucks in a breath.I'd do anything to take the hurt away from her.I step toward her and put my hand gently on her shoulder."Perdon, Mama. "She swipes my hand away as she suppresses a sob and runs to her room, slamming the door behind her."Is it true?"Carlos asks, his voice as tight as a noose.I nod."Yeah. "Luis shakes his head and furrows his brows in confusion."What are you two saying?I don't understand.I thought Papa was a good man.Mama always said he was a good man. "I walk over to my little brother and pull his head into my chest."It's all lies!"Carlos blurts out."You, him.It's all lies.!Mentiras!""Carlos ...," I say, releasing Luis and grabbing Carlos's arm.Carlos looks at my hand in disgust, his temper seething."And all 255 along I thought you joined the Latino Blood to protect us.But you're just following in Papa's footsteps.Screw being a hero.You like being an LB, but you forbid me to join.Isn't that a bit hypocritical, brother?""Maybe. ""You're a disgrace to this family, you know that, don't you?"As soon as I lessen my grip on him, Carlos punches open the back door and storms out.Luis's quiet voice breaks the silence."Sometimes good men need to do things that aren't good.Right?"I ruffle his hair.Luis is way more innocent than I was at his age."You know, I think you're gonna be the smartest Fuentes yet, little bro.Now go to bed and let me talk to Carlos. "I find Carlos sitting on our back stoop, which faces our neighbor's yard."Is that how he died?"he asks as I sit beside him."In a drug deal?""Yeah. "153     "He took you along?"I nod."You were only six years old, the bastard. "Carlos cynically blows out a breath."You know, I saw Hector today at the basketball courts on Main Street. ""Stay away from him.Truth is, I had no choice after Papa died, and now I'm stuck.If you think I'm in the LB 'cause I like it, guess again.I don't want you jumped in. ""I know. "I give him a stern look like our mother used to give me when I put tennis balls in her panty hose and flung them to see how high they'd fly."Listen to me, Carlos, and listen good.Concentrate on school so you can go to college.Make somethin' of yourself. "Unlike me.There's a long silence.256 "Destiny doesn't want me to join, either.She wants to go to some university and get a nursing degree. "He chuckles."She said it would be great if we went to the same university. "I listen, because he needs me to stop giving advice and let him figure the rest out on his own."I like Brittany, you know," he says."Me, too. "I think of earlier, when we were in the car.I got carried away, big time.I hope I haven't screwed everything up with her, too."I saw Brittany talkin' to Mama at the wedding.She held her own. ""To tell you the truth, she kind of had a meltdown in the bathroom. ""For someone so smart, you're loco if you think you can handle everything. ""I'm tough," I tell Carlos."And always prepared for danger. "Carlos pats my back."Somehow, brother, I think dating a girl from the north side is tougher than being in a gang. "