176     He doesn't miss a beat as he takes my hand."Yep. "When we're in 291 his car he says, "You are one tough chick.I never thought you had the fight in you. "Paco drives me to the darkest part of Fairfield.He leads me to a large warehouse on a secluded back road.As if Mother Nature is sending us a warning, menacing dark clouds fill the sky and a chill fills the air.A burly guy stops us."Who's the snow girl?"he asks.Paco says, "She's clean. "The guy eyes me up and down suggestively before opening the door."She starts sniffin' around and it'll be on your head, Paco," he warns.All I want to do is take Alex away from here, away from what feels like danger all around."Hey," a gravelly voice from beside me calls out."If you want something to pick you up, come to me, si?""Follow me," Paco says, grabbing my arm and pulling me straight ahead through a corridor.Voices come from the opposite side of the warehouse ...Alex's voice."Let me go to him myself," I say."That's not such a hot idea.Wait until Hector's done talkin' to him," Paco says, but I don't listen.I walk toward Alex's voice.He's talking with two other guys.They're obviously having a serious conversation.One of the guys pulls out a sheet of paper and hands it to Alex.That's when Alex notices me.Alex says something to the guy in Spanish before folding the paper and shoving it into his jeans pocket.His voice is hard and tough, like his expression right now."What the hell are you doin' here?"he asks me."I just  " I can't finish my sentence because Alex grabs hold of my upper 292 arm."You just are leavin' here this instant.Who the fuck brought you here?"I'm trying to think of a response when Paco appears out of the darkness."Alex, please.Paco might have brought me here, but it was my idea. ""You culero," Alex says, letting go of me while facing Paco."Isn't this your future, Alex?"Paco asks."Why are you ashamed to show your novia your home away from home?"Alex throws a punch, connecting with Paco's jaw.Paco goes down.I run to him, then give Alex a sharp, warning look."I can't believe you did that!"I scream."He's your best friend, Alex. ""I don't want you seein' this place!"A trickle of blood streams down Paco's mouth."You shouldn't have brought her," Alex says, calmly this time."She doesn't belong here. "177     "Neither do you, bro," Paco says quietly."Now take her away.She's seen enough. ""Come with me," Alex orders, holding out his hand.Instead of coming to him, I cup Paco's face with my hands and inspect the damage."My God, you're bleeding," I say, starting to freak out.Blood is enough to make me sick.Blood and violence always push me over the edge.Paco gently pushes my hand away."I'll be fine.Go with him. "A voice booms from the darkness, speaking Spanish to Alex and Paco.I shiver at the authority in the guy's voice.I wasn't scared before, but I definitely am now.The guy had been talking to Alex earlier.He's dressed in a dark suit with a stark white dress shirt underneath.I saw him briefly at the wedding.His jet black hair is slicked back and his 293 complexion is dark.One look and I know this is someone very powerful in the Latino Blood.Two large, mean looking guys stand on either side of him."Nada, Hector," Alex and Paco say in unison."Take her somewhere else, Fuentes. "Alex takes my hand and hurries me out of the warehouse.When we're finally outside, I exhale deeply.294 CHAPTER 48 Alex "Let's get out of here.You and me, mi amor.!Vamos!"I breathe a sigh of relief as I straddle Julio and Brittany hops on behind me.She wraps her arms around my waist, holding on tight as I speed out of the parking lot.We fly through the streets; which eventually become a blur.I don't even stop when rain starts pouring down."Can we stop now?"she yells through the deafening storm.I park under an old abandoned bridge by the lake.Heavy rain pounds the cement surrounding us, but we have our own secluded place.Brittany hops to the ground."You're a stupid jerk," she says."You can't deal drugs.It's dangerous and stupid, and you promised me.You'll risk going to jail.Jail, Alex.You may not care, but I do.I won't let you ruin your life. ""What do you want to hear?""Nothing.Everything.Say something so I don't stand here feeling like a complete idiot. "178     "The truth is ...Brittany, look at me. "295 "I can't," she says as she stares at the pouring rain."I'm so tired of thinking of every scary scenario. "I pull her against me."Don't think, muneca.Everything will work itself out. ""But  " "No buts.Trust me. "My mouth closes over hers.The smell of rain and cookies eases my nerves.My hand braces the small of her back.Her hands grip my soaked shoulders, urging me on.My hands slide under her shirt, and my fingers trace her belly button."Come to me," I say, then lift her until she's straddling me over my bike.I can't stop kissing her.I whisper how good she feels to me, mixing Spanish and English with every sentence.I move my lips down her neck and linger there until she leans back and lets me take her shirt off.I can make her forget about the bad stuff.When we're together like this, hell, I can't think of anything else but her."I'm losing control," she admits, biting her lower lip.I love those lips."Mamacita, I've already lost it," I say, grinding against her so she knows exactly how much control I've lost.She moves her hips in a slow rhythm against me, an invitation I don't deserve.My fingertips graze her mouth.She kisses them before I slowly slide my hand down her chin to her neck and in between her breasts.She catches my hand."I don't want to stop, Alex. "I cover her body with mine.I can easily take her.Hell, she's asking for it.But God help me if I don't grow a conscience.296 It's that loco bet I made with Lucky.And what my mom said about how easy it is to get a girl pregnant.When I made the bet, I had no feelings for this complex white girl.But now ...shit, I don't want to think about my feelings.I hate feelings; they're only good for screwing up someone's life.And may God strike me down right now because I want to make love to Brittany, not fuck her on my motorcycle like some cheap whore.I move my hands away from her cuerpo perfecto, the first sane thing I've done tonight."I can't take you like this.Not here," I say, my voice hoarse from emotion overload.This girl was going to gift me with her body, even though she knows who I am and what I'm about to do.The reality is hard to swallow.I expect her to be embarrassed, maybe even mad.But she curls into my chest and hugs me.Don't do this to me, I want to say.Instead I wrap my arms around her and hold on tight."I love you," I hear her say so softly it might have been her thoughts.179     Don't, I'm tempted to say.;No!;No!My gut twists and I hold her tighter.Dios mio, if things were different I'd never give her up.I burrow my face in her hair and fantasize about stealing her away from Fairfield.We stay that way for a long time, long after the rain stops and reality sets in.I help her off the motorcycle so she can put her shirt back on.Brittany looks up at me, a hopeful look on her face."Are you going to do this drug deal?"I get off Julio and walk over to the end of the tunnel.Sticking my hand in the water still dripping down the sides, I let the cold water fall through my fingers."I've got to," I say, my back to her.297 She steps beside me."Why?Why do you have to do something that might end up with you in jail?"I put her soft, pale cheek in my palm and give her a wistful smile."Didn't you know gang members deal drugs?It's part of the job. ""So quit.Surely there's some way.... ""You want to quit, they give you a challenge.Sometimes it's torture, sometimes a beating.If you live, you get out.Let me tell you, preciosa, only once have I seen anyone come out of a challenge alive.The guy still wishes he was dead, he got beat up so bad.God, you'll never understand, my family needs this. ""For the money?"My hand leaves her."No, not for the money. "I throw my head back and wince in frustration."Can we please change the subject?""I'm against you doing anything illegal. ""Querida, you need a saint.Or at least a minister.And I'm neither of those. ""Aren't I important to you?""Yes. ""Then prove it to me. "I pull my bandanna off my head, then rake my fingers through my hair."Do you know how hard it's been for me?Mi madre expects me to protect the family by being in the Blood but is in total denial, Hector wants me to prove I'm dedicated to the Blood, and you ...the one person who I feel like I can start a life with someday, you want me to prove I love you by doin' somethin' that could put my family in danger.I have to do this, you know.And nobody, not even you, is gonna change my mind.Oluidalo. ""You'll risk what we have?""Dammit, don't do this.We don't have to risk anythin'. "298 180     "If you start dealing drugs, it's over.I've jeopardized everything for you ...for us.My friends.My parents.Everything.Can't you do the same?"I toss my jacket to her when her teeth start chattering."Here.Put this on. "And that's it.This is my life.If she can't handle it, she can go back to Colin Adams.Or whoever she can mold into her own Ken doll.She tells me to take her to her friend Sierra's house."I think we should work separately on the chemistry project," Brittany says.She hands me back my jacket when we reach the big house on the beach."Do you want to put the hand warmers together or would you rather write the paper?""Whatever you want. ""Well, I'm a pretty good writer.... ""Fine.I'll do the rest. ""Alex, it doesn't have to end like this. "I watch as tears well in her eyes.I've got to get out of here before they start falling down her face.That will definitely be my undoing."Yeah, it does," I say, then drive off.299 CHAPTER 49 Brittany After I used two boxes of tissues, Sierra gave up on trying to cheer me up and let me cry myself to sleep.In the morning, I beg her to keep her curtains closed and shades down.There's nothing wrong with staying in bed all day, is there?"Thanks for not saying I told you so," I say as I scan her closet for something to wear after she forces me to get up.She's standing by her dresser, putting on makeup."I'm not saying it, but I sure am thinking it. ""Thanks," I say dryly.Sierra pulls a pair of jeans and a long sleeve shirt out of her closet."Here, wear these.You won't look half as good in my clothes as you do in yours, but you'll still look better than any girl at Fairfield. ""Don't say that. ""Why?It's true. ""No, it's not.My top lip is too fat. ""Guys think it's sexy.Movie stars pay big bucks for big lips. "181     "My nose is crooked. ""Only from a certain angle. "300 "My boobs are lopsided. ""They're big, Brit.Guys are obsessed with big boobs.They could care less if they're lopsided. "She pulls me in front of the mirror."Face it, you're model gorgeous.Okay, so your eyes are bloodshot and you've got bags from crying all night.But all in all, you've got it goin' on.Look in the mirror, Brit, and say out loud I'm the bomb. ""No. ""Come on.It'll make you feel better.Look right in the mirror and yell my boobs rock!""Nuh uh. ""Can you at least admit you've got good hair?"I look at Sierra.  "You talk to yourself in front of a mirror?"I do.Wanna see?"She pushes me aside and moves up close to the mirror."Not half bad, Sierra," she tells herself."Doug is one lucky guy. "She turns to me."See, it's easy. "Instead of laughing, I start to cry."Ami that ugly?"I shake my head."Is it because I don't have clothes with bling?I know your mom kicked you out, but do you think she'll let us go over and raid your closet?I don't know how long you'll be able to stand wearing my size eight clothes on your size four body. "My mom didn't call here last night looking for me.I kind of expected her to, but then again she rarely meets my expectations.And my dad ...well, he probably doesn't know I didn't sleep at home.They can keep my clothes.I'll probably sneak in during the day to check up on Shelley, though."You want my advice?"Sierra asks.I look at her warily."I don't know.You hated the idea of Alex and me together from the beginning. "301 "That's not true, Brit.I didn't tell you this, but he's actually a nice guy when he loosens up.I had fun the day we all went to Lake Geneva.Doug did, too, and even said Alex was cool to hang with.I don't know what happened between the two of you, but either forget about him, or give him everything you've got in your arsenal. ""Is that what you do with Doug?"She smiles."Sometimes Doug needs a wake up call.When our relationship starts getting comfortable, I do 182     something to switch it up.Don't interpret my advice as an excuse to go after Alex.But if he's what you really want, well, then, who am I to tell you not to go for it?I hate seeing you sad, Brit. ""Was I happy with Alex?""Obsessed is more like it.But yeah, I saw you happy.Happier than you've been in a really, really long time.With someone you like that much, the lows are as low as the highs are high.Does that make sense?""It does.It also makes me sound bipolar. ""Love will do that to a person. "302 CHAPTER 50 Alex I'm eating breakfast the morning after Brittany's warehouse visit when I glimpse a shaved head peeking through my front door."Paco, if that's you I'd stay the hell away from me," I call out.Mi'ama slaps me on the back of my head."That's no way to treat your friends, Alejandro. "I go back to eating while she opens the door for that...traitor."You're not still mad at me, Alex," Paco says, "are you?""Of course he's not mad at you, Paco.Now sit down and eat.I've made some chorizo con huevos. "Paco has the gall to pat me on the shoulder."I forgive you, man. "I look up then, first at mi'ama to make sure she isn't paying attention, then at Paco."You forgive me?""You've got yourself a real fat lip, Paco," she says, examining the damage I'd done to it.Paco touches his lip lightly."Yeah, I fell onto a fist.You know how it is. ""No, I don't.You fall onto too many fists you're going to end up in the hospital one day," she warns, shaking her finger at him."Well, I'm 303 going to work.And Paco, keep away from fists today, si?Lock up before you go out, Alejandro, porfis.... "I glare at Paco."What?"183     "You know what.How could you have brought Brittany to the warehouse?""I'm sorry," Paco says as he chows down on our food."No, you're not. ""Okay, you're right.I'm not. "I watch in disgust as he uses his fingers to scoop food up and shove it into his mouth."I don't know why I put up with you," I say."So what happened with you and Brittany last night?"Paco asks while following me outside.My breakfast is threatening to come up, and it's not due to Paco's eating habits.I grab his collar."It's over between Brittany and me.I don't even want to hear her name again. ""Speak of the devil," he says, craning his neck.I release Paco and turn around, expecting to see Brittany.But she isn't there and the next thing I know Paco's fist is in my face."Now we're even.And boy, have you got it bad for Miss Ellis if you're threatenin' me if I use her name.I know you could kill me with your two hands," Paco says, "but I got to admit...I don't think you'd do it. "As I test my jaw, I taste blood."I wouldn't be too sure of that.Tell you what.I won't kick your ass if you stop interferin' in my life.That means with Hector and Miss Ellis. ""I got to tell ya, interferin' in your life is what keeps me goin'.Hell, even the beatin' my old man gave me last night when he was shit faced drunk doesn't give me as much entertainment as your life. "304 I lower my head."I'm sorry, Paco.I shouldn't have hit you.You get it enough from your old man. "Paco murmurs a "don't sweat it. "Last night was the first time I've regretted using my fists on anyone.Paco has gotten beat up so many times by his old man, he probably has permanent scars on his body.I'm a complete asshole for hitting him.In a way I'm glad it's over between me and Brittany.I'm unable to control my feelings or emotions when she's near.My only hope is that outside of chemistry I can avoid her.Yeah, right.Even if she's not with me, thoughts of her are always in my head.One good thing about my breakup with Brittany  it's given me time these last two weeks to think about my father's murder.The night is starting to come back to me in flashes.Something doesn't fit, but I can't figure it out.My dad smiled, talked, and was shocked and nervous when the gun was pulled on him.Shouldn't he have been wary all along?Tonight is Halloween, the night Hector chose for the drug deal to go down.All day I've been restless.I've worked on seven cars today, from giving an oil change to replacing worn out, leaky gaskets.I left Hector's gun in my bedroom drawer, not wanting to pack heat until I absolutely have to.Which is actually stupid because this will be the first of many drug deals I'll be doing in my lifetime.You're like your old man.I shrug off the voice inside my head that's been plaguing me all day.Como el Viejo.184     I can't help it.I remember all the times my papa said Somos cuates, Alejandro.You and me are the closest.He always spoke Spanish, as if he was still in Mexico.Someday you gonna be strong like your padre?he'd ask in Spanish.I always looked up to my father as if he was a deity.Claro, Papa.I want to be like you.305 My father never said to me I could be better or do better than him.But tonight I'll prove I'm a carbon copy of my old man.I tried to be different by telling Carlos and Luis they can have a different path.I'm an idiot to think I've been a role model to them.My thoughts drift to Brittany.I've tried to forget Brittany will be going with someone else to the Halloween dance.I heard she was going with her old boyfriend.I try to push out of my mind the fact that another guy will have his hands on her.Her date will kiss her tonight, I'm sure of it.Who wouldn't want to kiss those sweet, soft, frosted lips?I'm going to work tonight until I have to leave for the deal.Because if I was home alone, I'd go nuts thinking about everything.My grip on the riveter in my hand loosens and it drops smack in the middle of my forehead.I don't get pissed off at myself, I blame Brittany.And by eight o'clock I'm as angry as anything with my little chem partner, whether it's warranted or not.306 CHAPTER 51 Brittany I'm standing in front of Enrique's Auto Body, doing deep breathing exercises to keep from being nervous.Enrique's Camry is nowhere in sight, so I know Alex is alone.I'm going to seduce Alex.If what I'm wearing doesn't capture his attention, nothing will.I'm giving this my all...bringing out all the artillery.I rap on the door, then close my eyes tight and pray this goes as planned.I open my long, silver satin jacket and the cool night air rushes onto my exposed skin.When the creak of the door alerts me to Alex's presence, I slowly open my eyes.But it's not Alex's black eyes staring at my scantily clad body.It's Enrique  who's staring at my pink lace bra and pom pom skirt as if he's won the lottery.Ripped with embarrassment, I wrap my coat around myself.If I could wrap it around twice, I would."Uh, Alex," Enrique laughs."There's a trick or treater here to see you. "My face is probably beet red, but I'm determined to see this through.I'm here to show Alex I'm not going to desert him.307 "Who is it?"comes Alex's voice from somewhere inside the garage.185     "I was just leavin'," Enrique says, slipping past me."Tell Alex to lock up.Adios. "Enrique walks across the darkened street, humming to himself."Yo, Enrique.;Quien esta ahi?"Alex's voice fades when he reaches the front of the shop.He looks at me with contempt."Need directions or your car fixed?""None of the above," I say."Trick or treatin' on my side of town?""No. ""It's over, mujer.;Me oyes?Why do you keep droppin' into my life and fuckin' with my head?Besides, aren't you supposed to be at the Halloween dance with some college guy?""I blew him off.Can we talk?""Listen, I've got a shitload of work that still needs to get done.What did you come here for?And where's Enrique?""He, uh, left," I say nervously."I think I scared him away. ""You?I don't think so. ""I showed him what I was wearing under my coat. "Alex's eyebrows shoot up."Let me in before I freeze out here.Please. "I look behind me.The darkness seems inviting right now as my blood pumps harder.Pulling the coat tighter around me, my skin puckers with goose bumps.I shiver.Sighing, he leads me into the body shop and locks the door.There's a space heater in the middle of the shop, thank goodness.I stand by it and rub my hands together."Listen, truth is I'm glad you're here.But didn't we break up?""I want to give us another try.Pretending we're just chemistry partners in class has been torture.I miss you.Don't you miss me?"308 He looks skeptical.His head is cocked to the side, as if he's not quite sure he's hearing correctly."You know I'm still in the Blood. ""I know.I'll take whatever you can give me, Alex. ""I'll never be able to meet your expectations. ""What if I tell you I won't have any expectations?"He takes a deep breath and lets it out slowly.I can tell he's thinking hard about this, because his expression turns serious."I'll tell you what," he says."You keep me company while I finish my dinner.I won't even ask you what you have ...or don't have ...under that coat.Deal?"186     I smile tentatively and smooth down my hair."Deal. ""You don't have to do that for me," he says, gently taking my hand away from my hair."I'll get a blanket so you don't get dirty. "I wait until he pulls a clean light green fleece blanket out of a closet.We sit on the blanket and Alex looks at his watch."Want some?"he asks, pointing to his dinner.Maybe eating will calm my nerves."What is it?""Enchiladas.Mi'ama makes kick ass enchiladas. "He stabs a small portion with a fork and holds it out to me."If you're not used to this kind of spicy food  " "I love spicy," I interrupt, taking it into my mouth.I start chewing, enjoying the blend of flavors.But when I swallow, my tongue slowly catches on fire.Somewhere behind all the fire there's flavor, but the flames are in the way."Hot," is all I can say as I attempt to swallow."I told you. "Alex holds out the cup he'd been drinking from."Here, drink.Milk usually does the trick, but I only have water. "I grab the cup.The liquid cools my tongue, but when I finish the water it's as if someone stokes it again."Water ...," I say.309 He fills another cup."Here, drink more, though I don't think it'll help much.It'll subside soon. "Instead of drinking it this time, I stick my tongue in the cold liquid and keep it there.Ahhh ..."You okay?""To I wook otay?"I ask."With your tongue in the water like that, actually, it's erotic.Want another bite?"he asks mischievously, acting like the Alex I know."Mo mank ooh. ""Your tongue still burnin'?"I lift my tongue from the water."It feels like a million soccer players are stomping on it with their cleats. ""Ouch," he says, laughing."You know, I heard once that kissin' reduces the fire. ""Is that your cheap way of telling me you want to kiss me?"He looks into my eyes, his dark gaze capturing mine."Querida, I always want to kiss you. ""I'm afraid it won't be that easy, Alex.I want answers.Answers first, then kissing. ""Is that why you came here naked underneath that jacket?"187     "Who says I'm naked underneath?"I say, leaning close.Alex sets down his plate.If my mouth is still burning, I hardly notice.Now is my time to get the upper hand."Let's play a game, Alex.I call it Ask a Question, Then Strip.Every time you ask a question, you have to remove an article of clothing.Every time I ask, I have to remove one. ""I figure I can ask seven questions, querida.How many you got?""Take it off, Alex.You asked your first question. "He nods in agreement and kicks off his shoe.310 "Why don't you start with your shirt?"I ask."You do realize you asked a question.I think that's your cue  " "I did not ask a question," I insist."You asked me why I don't start with my shirt. "He grins.My pulse quickens.I pull down my pom skirt, keeping my long jacket tightly closed."Now it's four. "He's trying to stay aloof, but his eyes show a hunger I've seen before.And that silly grin is definitely gone as he licks his lips."I need a cigarette bad.It's too bad I quit again.Four you say?""That sounded suspiciously like a question, Alex. "He shakes his head."No, smart ass, that wasn't a question.Nice try, though.Um, let's see.What's the real reason you came here?""Because I wanted to show you how much I love you," I say.Alex blinks a couple of times, but beyond that he shows me no emotion.This time he lifts his shirt over his head.He flings it to the side, baring his bronzed, washboard stomach.I kneel next to him, hoping to tempt him and throw him off balance."Do you want to go to college?The truth. "He hesitates."Yes.If my life was different. "I kick off a sandal."Did you ever have sex with Colin?"he asks."No. "He takes off his right shoe, his eyes never leaving mine.188     "Did you ever do it with Carmen?"I ask.He hesitates."You don't want to hear this. ""Yes, I do.I want to know everything.How many people you've been with, the first person you slept with ... "He rubs the back of his neck, as if there's a tension knot there he's trying to relieve."That's a lot of questions. "He hesitates."Carmen 311 and I ...so, um, yeah, we had sex.The last time was in April, before I found out she was sleepin' around.Before Carmen is a bit of a blur.That's when I went through a year long period where it felt like I dated a different girl every few weeks.And slept with most of 'em.It was fucked up. ""Did you always use protection?""Yeah. ""Tell me about the first time?""My first time was with Isabel. ""Isabel Avila?"I ask, totally stunned.He nods."It's not what you think.It happened the summer before freshman year and we both wanted to get the virgin thing over with and find out what all the hype about sex was.It sucked.I fumbled around while she laughed most of the time.We both agreed doin' it with a friend who you treated like a sibling was the worst idea.Okay, I've told you everythin'.Now please take that jacket off. ""Not yet, muchacho.If you've slept with so many people, how do I know you didn't catch a disease?Tell me you got tested. ""At the clinic when I got the staples in my arm, they tested me.Trust me, I'm clean. ""I am, too.Just in case you were wondering. "I remove my other sandal, glad he didn't make me feel stupid or give me crap for asking more than one question."Your turn. ""Do you ever think about makin' love to me?"He slides off a sock before I even answer his question.312 CHAPTER 52 Alex "Yes," she answers."Do you think about making love with me?"I lie awake most nights, fantasizing about sleeping next to her ...loving her."Right now, muneca, makin' love to you is the only thing on my mind. "I check my watch.I've got to go soon.Drug dealers don't give a shit about your personal life.I can't be late, but I want Brittany so damn bad."Your coat's next.You sure you want to keep goin'?"189     I slip off my other sock.The only things preventing me from being naked are my jeans and briefs."Yes, I want to keep going. "She smiles wide, her beautiful pink lips glistening in the light."Turn off the lights before I ...take my coat off. "I turn off the shop lights, watching as she stands on the blanket and unbuttons her coat with trembling fingers.I'm in a trance, especially when she looks at me with those clear eyes shining with desire.As she opens her coat slowly, my eyes are fixed on the present inside.She walks toward me, then trips on a discarded shoe.I catch her, then place her on the soft blanket and settle atop her."Thanks for breaking my fall," she says breathlessly.I brush a strand of hair from her face, then move beside her.When 313 she wraps her arms around my neck, all I want to do is protect this girl for the rest of my life.I ease her jacket open and lean away.A pink lace bra stares back at me.Nothing else."Como un angel," I whisper."Is our game over?"she asks nervously."It's definitely over, querida.'Cause what we're gonna do next is no game. "Her manicured fingers are on my chest.Can she feel my heart beating against her palm?"I brought protection," she says.If I'd known ...if I had any idea tonight would be "the night" ...I would have been prepared.I guess I never wholeheartedly thought this would be a reality with Brittany.She reaches into her coat pocket and a dozen condom packages spill onto the blanket."You plannin' on makin' this an all nighter?"Embarrassed, she puts her hands over her face."I just grabbed a bunch. "I remove her hands and touch my forehead to hers."I'm jokin', Don't be shy with me. "Slipping the jacket off her shoulders, I know I'm going to hate leaving her tonight.I wish we could have an all nighter.But wishes are only granted in fairy tales."Aren't...aren't you going to take your jeans off?"she asks."Soon. "I wish I could take my time and make this night last forever.It's like being in heaven and knowing the next stop is hell.I slowly trace kisses down her neck and shoulders."I'm a virgin, Alex.What if I do everything wrong?""There is no wrong here.This isn't a test in Peterson's class.This is you and me.The rest of the world is shut 190     out right now, okay?""Okay," she says softly.Her eyes are glistening.Is she crying?314 "I don't deserve you.You know that, querida, don't you?""When are you gonna realize you're one of the good guys?"When I don't answer, she pulls my head down to hers."My body is yours tonight, Alex," she whispers against my lips."Do you want it?""God, yes. "As we make out, I shrug off my jeans and briefs and hug her tight, devouring the softness and warmth of her body against mine."Are you scared?"I whisper in her ear when she's ready and I'm ready and I can't wait any longer."A little, but I trust you. ""Relax, preciosa. ""I'm trying. ""This won't work unless you relax. "I pull away and reach for a condom, my hands shaking."You sure about this?"I ask."Yes, yes, I'm sure.I love you, Alex," she says."I love you," she says again, saying it almost desperately this time.I let her words seep into my body and hold myself back, not wanting to hurt her.Who am I kidding?The first time for a girl hurts, no matter how careful a guy is.I want to tell her how I feel, tell her how much she's become the center of my being.But I can't.The words won't come."Just do it," she says, sensing my hesitation.So I do, but when she sucks in a breath, I just wish I could take the pain away from her.She sniffs and wipes a tear that's running down her cheek.Seeing her that emotional is my undoing.For the first time since I saw my dad lying dead in front of me, a tear drops from my eye.She holds my head in her hands and kisses my tear away."It's okay, Alex. "But it's not.I need to make this perfect.Because I may never get another chance and she needs to know how good it can be.315 I focus on her completely, desperate to make it special.Afterward, I pull her close.She nestles into me while I stroke her hair, both of us content to stay in our private world for as long as possible.I can't believe she shared her body with me.I should feel victorious.Instead, me siento una mierda.It'll be impossible to protect Brittany for the rest of her life from all the other guys who want to be near her, to see her as I've seen her.Touch her as I've touched her.Man, I never want to let her go.191     But it's too late.I can't waste more time.After all, she isn't mine forever and I can't pretend she is."You okay?"I ask her."I'm fine.More than fine. ""I really gotta go," I say, glancing at the digital clock sitting crooked on one of the tool carts.Brittany rests her chin on my chest."You're going to quit the Blood now, right?"My body stiffens."No," I say, my voice filled with torment.Hell, why'd she go and ask me that?"Everything's different now, Alex.We made love. ""What we did was great.But it doesn't change anythin'. "She stands, collects her clothes, and starts dressing in the corner."So I'm just another girl you can add to the list of girls you've slept with?""Don't say that. ""Why not?It's true, isn't it?""No. ""Then prove it to me, Alex. ""I can't. "I wish I could tell her something different.She has to know it'll always be like this, I'll have to leave her for the Blood time and time again.This white girl who loves with her heart and soul so intensely is like an addictive drug.She deserves better."I'm sorry," I say after I step into my jeans.What else is there to say?316 She averts her eyes and walks to the garage's exit like a robot.When I hear tires screeching, my protective senses kick in.A car is heading our way ...Lucky's RX 7.This is not good."Get in your car," I order.But it's too late; Lucky's RX carrying a bunch of guys from the Blood comes to a screeching halt in front of us."No lo puedo creer, ganaste la apuesta!"Lucky yells out the window.I attempt to hide Brittany behind me, but it's no use.Plain as day they can spot her sexy, bare legs sticking out of her coat."What is he saying?"she asks.I have the urge to take my pants off and give them to her.If she finds out about the bet, she'll think that's why I slept with her.I have to get her out of here fast."Nothin'.He's trash talkin'," J say."Get in the car.'Cause if you don't I'm gonna put you in there. "I hear the creak of Lucky's car door at the same time Brittany opens hers.192     "Don't be mad at Paco," she says, then slides into the driver's seat.What is she talking about?"Go," I order, not having time to ask what she means."We'll talk later. "She speeds away."Shit, man," Lucky says, eyeing the back of her BMW with appreciation."I had to find out if Enrique was shittin' me.You really did screw Brittany Ellis, didn't you?Did you videotape it?"My answer is a savage punch to Lucky's gut, making him fall to his knees.I straddle my motorcycle and rev the engine.When I see Enrique's Camry, I stop by his car."Listen, Alejo," Enrique says to me through the open window."Lo siento mucho  " 317 "I quit," I interrupt before throwing the keys to the shop at Enrique and riding away.As I drive home, my thoughts turn to Brittany and how much she means to me.The reality hits me.I'm not doing the drug deal.Now I understand all those chick flicks I make fun of.'Cause now I'm the sappy dork willing to risk it all for the girl.Estoy enamorado ...I'm in love.Fuck the Blood.I can protect my family and be true to myself first.Brittany was right.My life is too important to throw away on a drug deal.The truth is, I want to apply to college and make something good out of my life.I'm not like my father.My father was a weak man who took the easy way out.I'll take the challenge required to leave the Blood, forget the risk.And if I survive, I'll go back to Brittany a free man.;Lo juro!I'm not a drug dealer.I'm letting Hector down, but my reasons for being in the gang were to help protect my neighborhood and family, not deal drugs.Since when did dealing become a necessity?Since I got pulled over, it snowballed from there.I got arrested, then Hector bailed me out.Right after I asked questions of other OG's about the night my father died, Hector and my mom got in a heated discussion.She had bruises on her.After that, Hector was all over me about the drug deal.Paco tried to warn me; he was convinced something wasn't right.Racking my brain, the pieces slowly come together.Dios, was the truth right in front of my face?There's one person who can tell me the truth about the night my dad died.318 I storm into my house and find mi'ama in her room."You know who killed Papa. ""Alejandro, don't. ""It was someone in the Blood, wasn't it?The night at the wedding, Hector and you were talkin' about it.He knows who it is.You know, too. "193     Tears start welling in her eyes."I'm warning you, Alejandro.Don't do this. ""Who was it?"I ask, ignoring her plea.She looks away from me."Tell me!"I scream at the top of my lungs.My words make her flinch.For so long I just wanted to take the hurt away from her, I didn't think to ask what she knew about my father's murder.Or maybe I didn't want to know, because I was afraid of the truth.I can't let it go any longer.Her breathing is slow and jerky as she puts her hand to her mouth."Hector ...it was Hector. "While the truth sinks in, dread, shock, and pain spread through my body like wildfire.My mom looks up at me with sad eyes."I just wanted to protect you and your brothers, That's all.Your papa wanted out of the Blood, and got killed for it.Hector wanted you to replace him.He threatened me, Alejandro, and said if you didn't get jumped in, the whole family would end up like your father  " I can't listen anymore.Hector set me up to get arrested so I'd owe him.And he set up the drug deal, duping me to think it's a step up when it was only a step into his trap.He probably suspected someone would spill the truth, and soon.I hurry to my dresser, my mind set on what I need to do  confront my father's killer.The gun is gone."Did you go in my drawer?"I growl at Carlos, grabbing him by the collar as he's sitting on the living room couch.319 "No, Alex," Carlos says."!Creeme!Paco was here earlier, and he went to our room, but he said it was just to borrow one of your jackets. "Paco took my gun.I should have known.But how did Paco know I wouldn't be home to catch him?Brittany.Brittany stalled me tonight on purpose.She said not to be mad at Paco.They were both trying to protect me, because I was too stupid and cowardly to stick up for myself and face the facts that were right in front of my face.Brittany's words as she got in her car ring in my ears.Don't be mad at Paco.I hurry to mi'ama's room."If I don't come back tonight, you've got to take Carlos and Luis to Mexico," I tell her."But, Alejandro  " I sit on the edge of her bed."Mama, Carlos and Luis are in danger.Save them from my fate.Please. ""Alex, don't talk like that.Your father talked like that. "I'm just like Papa, I want to say, and made the same mistakes.I won't let it happen to my brothers."Promise me.I need to hear you say it.I'm dead serious. "Tears are streaming down her face.She kisses my cheek and hugs me tight."I promise ...I promise. "194     I hop on Julio and call someone I never thought I'd call for advice  Gary Frankel.He urges me to do something I'd never thought I'd do  call the cops and inform them what's going down.320 CHAPTER 53 Brittany I've been sitting in Sierra's driveway for five minutes.I still can't believe Alex and I did it.I don't regret a single minute of it, but I still don't believe it.Tonight I sensed desperation in Alex, though, as if he wanted to prove something to me through actions instead of words.I'm mad at myself for getting emotional, but I couldn't help it.The tears streamed out from joy, happiness, love.And when I saw a tear escape from his eye, I kissed it....I wanted to save that tear forever because it was the first time Alex let me see him like that.Alex doesn't cry; he doesn't let himself get that emotional about anything.Tonight changed him, whether he wants to face that fact or not.I've changed, too.I walk into Sierra's house.Sierra is sitting on her living room couch.My father and mother are sitting across from her."This looks suspiciously like an intervention," I tell them.Sierra says, "Not an intervention, Brit.A talk. ""Why?""Isn't it obvious?"my dad says."You're not living at home. "321 I stand in front of both my parents, wondering how we got to this point.My mother is in a black pants suit and her hair is in a bun, as if she's dressed for a funeral.My dad is wearing jeans and a sweatshirt, and his eyes are bloodshot.He's been up all night, I can tell.And maybe my mom has, too, but she'd never show it.She'd put in Visine to mask it all."I can't play the perfect daughter anymore.I'm not perfect," I say calmly and evenly."Can you accept that?"My dad's eyebrows come together, as if he's struggling to keep his composure."We don't want you to be perfect.Patricia, tell her how you feel. "My mom shakes her head, as if she can't comprehend why I'm making a big deal about this."Brit, this has gone on long enough.Stop pouting, stop rebelling, stop being selfish.Your father and I don't want you to be perfect.We want you to be the best you can be, that's all. ""Because Shelley, no matter how hard she tries, can't possibly live up to your expectations?"195     "Don't bring Shelley into this," my dad says."It's not fair. ""Why not?This is all about Shelley. "I'm feeling defeated, like no matter how many words come out of my mouth to try and explain it, it'll never come out right.I plop myself down in one of the plush, velvet chairs in front of them."For the record, I didn't run away.I'm staying at my best friend's house. "My mom brushes away a piece of lint on her thigh."Thank goodness for her.She's been telling us what's been going on with you, giving us daily reports. "I look over at my best friend, still sitting in the corner as a witness to the Ellises' meltdown.Sierra puts her hands up guiltily as she heads for the door to hand out candy to late trick or treaters who just rang the bell.322 My mom sits up straight on the edge of the couch."What will it take for you to come home?"I want so much from my parents, probably more than they're capable of giving."I don't know. "My dad puts his hand on his forehead, as if he has a headache."Is it that bad at home?""Yeah.Well, not bad.But stressful.Mom, you stress me out.And Dad, I hate it when you come and go like the house is your hotel.We're all strangers living in the house.I love you both, but I don't want to always be 'the best I can be. 'I just want to be me.I want to be free to make my own decisions and learn from my mistakes without freaking out, feeling guilty, or worrying that I'm not living up to your expectations. "I choke back tears."I don't want to let you two down.I know Shelley can't be like me.I'm so sorry ...please don't send her away because of me. "My dad kneels beside me."Don't be sorry, Brit.We're not sending her away because of you.Shelley's disability isn't your fault.It's nobody's fault. "My mom is silent and still, staring at the wall as if she's in a trance."It's my fault," she says.Everyone focuses on my mom because those are the last words we expected to come out of her mouth."Patricia?"my dad says, trying to get her attention."Mom, what are you talking about?"I ask.She's looking straight ahead."All these years I've blamed myself. ""Patricia, it's not your fault. ""When I had Shelley, I took her to playgroups," my mom says in a soft voice as if she's talking to herself."I admit I envied the other moms with the normal kids who could keep their heads up on their own and grasp things.Most of the time I got the pity stares.I hated that.I became 323 obsessed with thinking I could've prevented her from being disabled by eating more vegetables and exercising more  I blamed myself for her condition even when your father insisted it wasn't my fault. "She looks at me and smiles wistfully."Then you came along.My blond haired, blue eyed princess. ""Mom, I'm no princess and Shelley's not someone to pity.I'm not always going to date the guy you want me to date, I'm not always going to dress the way you want me to dress, and I'm definitely not always going to act 196     the way you want.Shelley isn't going to live up to your expectations either. ""I know. ""Will you ever be okay with it?""Probably not. ""You're so critical.Oh, God, I'd do anything for you to stop blaming me for every little thing that goes wrong.Love me for who I am.Love Shelley for who she is.