Not a drug test.For the first time, though, I feel sorry for her.I imagined her life as 148 a fairy tale; the worst thing that could possibly happen would be a pea under her mattress keeping her up at night.I guess that's not the case.87     Something is happening.I sense a change in the wind ...a mutual understanding of each other.I haven't felt this way in forever.I clear my throat, then say, "Your mom probably blows up at you the most because she knows you can take it. ""Yeah.You're probably right.Better me than my sister. ""It's no excuse, though. "I'm being real now, and hope she is, too."Listen, I don't want to be an asshole to you," I say.So much for the Alex Fuentes Show."I know.It's your image, what Alex Fuentes is all about.It's your brand, your logo ...dangerous, deadly, hot and sexy Mexican.I wrote the book on creating an image.I wasn't exactly aiming for the blond bimbo look, though.More like the perfect, untouchable look. "Whoa.Rewind.Brittany called me hot and sexy.I was not expecting that at all.Maybe I have a chance of winning that stupid bet."You do realize you called me hot. ""As if you didn't know. "I didn't know Brittany Ellis considered me hot."For the record, I thought you were untouchable.But now that I know you think I'm a hot, sexy, Mexican god ... ""I never said the word 'god. '"I put my finger to my lips."Shh, let me enjoy the fantasy for one minute. "I close my eyes.Brittany laughs, this sweet sound that echoes in my ears."In some deranged way, Alex, I think I understand you.Although I'm really pissed off at you for being such a Neanderthal. "When I open my eyes, I find her watching me."Don't tell anyone about my sister," she says."I don't like people knowing anything about me. "149 "We're actors in our lives, pretendin' to be who we want people to think we are. ""So you understand why I'd freak out if my parents find out we're ...friends. ""You'd get in trouble?Shit, you're eighteen.Don't you think you can be friends with who you want to by now?The umbilical cord's been cut, you know. ""You don't understand. ""Try me. ""Why do you want to know so much?""Aren't chem partners supposed to know a lot about each other?"She gives a short laugh."I hope not. "Truth is, this girl isn't what I thought she'd be.From the moment I told her about my dad, it was as if her entire body sighed in relief.As if someone else's misery comforted her, made her feel as if she wasn't alone.I still can't understand why she cares so much, why she chooses the Tam flawless facade to show the world.Looming over my head is The Bet.I have to get this girl to fall for me.And while my body says go for it, the 88     rest of me is thinking You're a complete bastard because she's vulnerable."1 want the same things out of life you do," I admit."I just go about them in a different way.You adapt to your environment, I adapt to mine. "I put my hand back on hers."Let me show you I'm different.Oye, would you ever date a guy who couldn't afford to take you to expensive restaurants and buy you gold and diamonds?""Absolutely. "She slips her hand out from under mine."But I have a boyfriend. ""If you didn't, would you give this Mexicano a chance?"Her face turns a deep shade of pink.I wonder if Colin ever makes her blush like that."I'm not answering that," she says.150 "Why not?It's a simple question. ""Oh, please.Nothing about you is simple, Alex.Let's not even go there. "She puts the car in first gear."Can we go now?""Si, if you want.Are we cool?""I think so. "I hold my hand out for her to shake.She eyes the tattoos on my fingers, then extends her hand toward mine and shakes it, her enthusiasm apparent."To hand warmers," she says with a smile on her lips."To hand warmers," I agree.And sex, I add silently."Do you want to drive back?I don't know the way. "I drive her back in comfortable silence while the sun sets.Our truce brings me closer to my goals: graduating, the bet...and something else I'm not ready to admit.As I pull her kick ass car into the dark library parking lot, I say, "Thanks for, you know, lettin' me kidnap you.I guess I'll see you around. "Taking my keys out of my front pocket, I wonder if I'll ever be able to afford a car that isn't rusted, used, or old.After I step out of her car, I pull out Colin's picture from my back pocket and toss it on the seat I just vacated."Wait!"Brittany calls out as I'm walking away.I turn around and she's right in front of me."What?"She smiles seductively as if she's wanting something more than a truce.Way more.Shit, is she gonna kiss me?I'm taken off guard here, which usually doesn't happen.She bites her bottom lip, as if she's contemplating her next move.I'm totally game to making out with her.As my brain goes through every scenario, she steps closer to me.And snatches my keys out of my hand.89     "What do you think you're doin'?"I ask her."Getting you back for kidnapping me. "She steps back and with all her might whips my keys into the woods.151 "You did not just do that. "She backs up, facing me the entire time, as she moves toward her car."No hard feelings.Payback's a bitch, ain't it, Alex?"she says, trying to keep a straight face.I watch in shock as my chem partner gets into her Beemer.The car drives out of the lot without a jolt, jerk, or hitch.Flawless start.I'm pissed off because I'm going to have to either crawl around in the dark woods trying to find my keys or call Enrique to pick me up.I'm also amused.Brittany Ellis bested me at my own game."Yeah," I say to her even though she's probably a mile away and can't hear me."Payback is a bitch. ";Carajo!152 CHAPTER 25 Brittany The sound of my sister's heavy breathing beside me is the first thing I hear as early morning sunlight pours into her room.I'd gone to Shelley's room and laid next to her for hours, watching her sleep peacefully before drifting off myself.When I was little, I would hurry to my sister's room whenever there was a thunderstorm.Not to comfort Shelley, but so she could comfort me.I would hold Shelley's hand and somehow my fears would fade.Watching my older sister sleep soundly, I can't believe my parents want to send her away.Shelley is a big part of who I am; the thought of living without her seems so  wrong.Sometimes I feel Shelley and I are connected in a way few people understand.Even when our parents can't figure out what Shelley is trying to say, or why she's so frustrated, I usually know.That's why it devastated me when she pulled my hair.I never really thought she'd do it to me.But she did."I won't let them take you away," I say softly to my sleeping sister."I'll always protect you. "I ease myself off Shelley's bed.There is no way I can spend time 153 with Shelley without her suspecting I'm upset.So I get dressed and leave the house before she wakes up.I confided in Alex yesterday and the sky didn't fall.I actually felt better after telling him about Shelley.If I 90     can do it with Alex, surely I can try it with Sierra and Darlene.As I sit in front of Sierra's house in my car, my thoughts turn to my life.Nothing is going right.Senior year is supposed to be a blast  easy and fun.So far it's been anything but.Colin is pressuring me, a guy in a gang is more than my chemistry partner, and my parents are going to send my sister far from Chicago.What else can go wrong?I notice movement coming from Sierra's second story window.First legs, then a butt.Oh, God, it's Doug Thompson trying to jump to the trellis.Doug must see me, because Sierra's head pops out of the window.She waves and motions for me to wait.Doug's foot still hasn't reached the trellis.Sierra is holding onto his hand to steady him.He finally reaches the thing, but the flowers distract him and he falls, flinging his body in all directions.He's fine, though, I realize after he gives Sierra a thumbs up before jogging off.I wonder if Colin would climb trellises for me.Sierra's front door opens three minutes later and she steps out in her underwear and tank top."Brit, what are you doing here?It's seven o'clock.In the morning.You do realize it's a teacher in service and we have no school. ""I know, but my life is spinning out of control. ""Come inside and we'll talk," she says, opening my car door."I'm freezing my butt off here.Oh, why don't the Chicago summers last longer?"Inside, I take off my shoes so I won't wake up her parents.154 "Don't worry, they left for the health club an hour ago. ""Then why was Doug escaping out your window?"Sierra winks."You know, to keep the relationship exciting.Guys love adventure. "I follow Sierra into her spacious bedroom.It's decorated in fuchsia and apple green, the colors her mother's decorator picked out for her.I plunk myself down on the extra bed as Sierra calls Darlene."Dar, come over.Brit's in crisis mode. "Darlene, in her pj's and slippers, arrives a few minutes later since she lives only two houses down."Okay, spill," Sierra demands when we're all together.Suddenly, with all eyes on me, I'm not so sure this sharing thing is such a good idea."It's not really anything. "Darlene straightens."Listen, Brit.You got me out of bed at seven a. m.  Dish the dirt. ""Yeah," Sierra says."We're your friends.If you can't share with your friends, who can you share with?"Alex Fuentes.But I'd never tell them that.91     "Why don't we watch old movies," Sierra suggests."If Audrey Hepburn doesn't get you to spill your guts, nothing will. "Darlene groans."I can't believe you got me up for a non crisis and old movies.You guys seriously need to get a life.The least you can do is give me gossip.Anyone have any?"Sierra leads us to the living room and we all sink into the cushions on her parents' sofa."I heard Samantha Jacoby was found kissing someone in the custodian closet on Tuesday. "" Whoop de doo," Darlene says, totally unimpressed."Did I mention it was Chuck, one of the custodians?""Now that is good gossip, Sierra. "155 Is that how it's going to be if I share anything, turning my misery into gossip for everyone to laugh about?In Sierra's living room four hours, two movies, popcorn, and a tub of Ben & Jerry's Confection Connection ice cream later, I'm feeling better.Maybe it was Audrey Hepburn as Sabrina, but somehow I think everything is possible.Which makes me think about ..."What do you guys think of Alex Fuentes?"I ask.Sierra pops a piece of popcorn in her mouth."What do you mean 'what do we think of him?'""I don't know," I say, unable to stop thinking about the intense, undeniable attraction that is always between us."He's my chemistry partner. ""And ...?"Sierra urges, waving her hand in the air as if saying, "So what's your point?"I grab the remote control and pause the movie."He's hot.Admit it. ""Eww, Brit," Darlene says, pretending to stick her finger down her throat and gagging.Sierra says, "Okay, so I admit he's cute.But he's not someone I would ever date.He's, you know, a gang member. ""Half the time he comes to school high," Darlene chimes in."I sit right next to him, Darlene, and I've never noticed him high at school. ""Are you kidding, Brit?Alex does drugs before school, and in the guys' bathroom when he ditches study hall.And I'm not just talking about pot.He's into the hard stuff," Darlene states like it's fact."Have you seen him do drugs?"I challenge."Listen, Brit.I don't have to be in the room with him to know he snorts or shoots up.Alex is dangerous.Besides, girls like us don't mix with Latino Bloods. "156 I lean into the plush cushions of the couch."Yeah, I know. "92     "Colin loves you," Sierra says, changing the subject.Love, I sense, is a far cry from what Colin felt for me at the beach, but I don't even want to go there.Three times my mom tries to contact me.First on my cell, although turning it off didn't deter her because she called Sierra's house twice."Your mom's coming over if you don't talk to her," Sierra says, the phone dangling from her fingers."If she does, I'm leaving. "Sierra hands me the phone."Me and Darlene are going outside so you can have some privacy.I don't know what this is all about, but talk to her. "I hold the phone to my ear."Hello, Mother. ""Listen, Brittany, I know you're upset.We finalized the plans about Shelley last night.I know it's hard on you, but she's been more and more frustrated lately. ""Mom, she's twenty years old and gets upset when people can't understand her.Don't you think that's normal?""You're going to college next year.It's not fair to keep her home anymore.Stop being so selfish. "If Shelley is being sent away because I'm going to college, it is my fault."You're going to do this no matter how I feel about it, aren't you?"I ask."Yes.It's a done deal. "157 CHAPTER 26 Alex When Brittany walks into Mrs.P.'s class on Friday I'm still thinking about how I'm going to get back at her for throwing my keys into the woods last weekend.It took me forty five minutes to find the suckers, and all the while I was cursing Brittany.Okay, so I give her props for dishing it out.I also have her to thank for helping me talk about the night of my papa's death.Because of it, I've called older OG's in the Blood, asking them if they know who might have had a grudge against my dad.Brittany has been wary this whole week.She's waiting for me to play a joke on her, to get her back for tossing my keys into the woods.After school, as I'm at my locker picking books to take home, she storms up to me wearing her sexy pom uniform."Meet me in the wrestling gym," she orders.Now I can do two things: meet her like she told me to or leave the school.I take my books and enter the small gym.Brittany is standing, holding out her keychain without keys dangling from it."Where have my keys magically disappeared to?"she asks."I'm going to be late for the game if you don't tell 93     me.Ms.Small will kick me off the squad if I'm not at the game. "158 "I tossed them somewhere.You know, you should really get a purse that has a zipper.You never know when someone will reach in and grab somethin'. ""Glad to know you're a klepto.Wanna give me a hint as to where you've hidden them?"I lean against the wall of the wrestling gym, thinking about what people would think if they caught us in here together."It's in a place that's wet.Really, really wet," I say, giving her a clue."The pool?"I nod."Creative, huh?"She tries to push me into the wall."Oh, I'm going to kill you.You better go get them. "If I didn't know her better, I'd think she was flirting with me.I think she likes this game we have going on."Mamacita, you should know me better than that.You're all on your own, like I was when you left me in the library parking lot. "She cocks her head, gives me sad eyes, and pouts.I shouldn't concentrate on her pouty lips, it's dangerous.But I can't help it."Show me where they are, Alex.Please. "I let her sweat it out a minute before I give in.By now most of the school is deserted.Half of the students are on their way to the football game.The other half is glad they're not on their way to the football game.We walk to the pool.The lights are off, but sunlight is still shining through the windows, Brittany's keys are where I threw 'em  in the middle of the deep end.I point to the shiny pieces of silver under the water."There they are.Have at it. "Brittany stands with her hands on her short skirt, contemplating how she's going to get them.She struts over to the long stick hanging on 159 the wall that's used to pull drowning people from the water."Piece of cake," she tells me.But as she sticks the pole into the water, she finds out it's not a piece of cake.I suppress a laugh as I stand at the edge of the pool and watch her attempt the impossible."You can always strip and go in naked.I'll watch to make sure nobody comes in. "She walks up to me, the pole gripped firmly in her fingers."You'd like that, wouldn't you?""Uh, yeah," I say, stating the obvious."I have to warn you, though.If you have granny undies on, you'll blow my fantasy. ""For your information, they're pink satin.As long as we're sharing personal info, are you a boxers or briefs guy?"94     "Neither.My boys go free, if you know what I mean. "Okay, I don't let my boys go free.She'll just have to figure that out herself."Gross, Alex. ""Don't knock it till you try it," I tell her, then walk toward the door."You're leaving?""Uh ...yeah. ""Aren't you going to help me get the keys?""Uh ...nope. "If I stay, I'll be tempted to ask her to ditch the football game to be with me.I'm definitely not ready to hear the answer to that question.Toying with her I can handle.Showing my true colors like I did the other day made me take my guard down.I'm not about to do that again.I push the door open after taking one last glance at Brittany, wondering if leaving her right now makes me an idiot, a jerk, a coward, or all of the above.At home, when I'm far from Brittany and her car keys, I look for my brother.I promised myself I'd talk to Carlos this week and I've delayed 160 it long enough.Before I know it he'll be jumped in and get the ritual beating as the initiation into the Latino Blood just like I got.I find Carlos in our bedroom, in the process of shoving something under his bed."What was that?"I ask.He sits on his bed with his arms crossed."Nada. ""Don't give me that nada bullshit, Carlos. "I push him aside and look under his bed.Sure enough, a shiny .25 Beretta is staring back at me.Mocking me.I pull it out and hold it in my hand."Where'd you get this?""None of your business. "This is the first time in my life I've seriously wanted to scare the crap out of Carlos.I itch to stick that gun in between his eyes and show him what it's like for gang members all the time, to feel threatened and unsure of what day will end up being your last."I'm your older brother, Carlos.Se nos fue mi Papa, so that leaves me to knock some sense into you. "I look at the gun.From the weight I can tell it's loaded.Geez, if it accidentially went off, Carlos could be killed.If Luis found it...shit, this is bad.Carlos attempts to stand but I push him back on the bed."You go around strapped," he complains."Why can't I?""You know why.I'm a gangbanger.You're not.You're gonna study, go to college, and have a life. ""You think you've got our lives all planned out, don't you?"Carlos spits out."Well, I've got a plan, too. ""It better not include gettin' jumped in. "95     Carlos is silent.I think I've already lost him and my body is as tense as a steel rod.I can prevent the jumping in from happening but only if Carlos is willing to let me intervene.I look at the picture of Destiny above Carlos's bed.161 He met her this summer in Chicago when we watched fireworks from Navy Pier on July Fourth.Her family lives in Gurnee and ever since they met he's been obsessed with her.They talk on the phone every night.She's smart, she's Mexican, and when she eyed me and my tattoos when Carlos tried to introduce us she got so scared her eyes darted around as if she'd get shot just being within five feet of me."You think Destiny'll want to date you if you're a strapped gang member?"I ask.No response, which is good.He's thinking."She'll dump your ass as soon as you can say 'twenty five caliber. '"Carlos's gaze wanders to the picture of her on his wall."Carlos, ask her where she's goin' to college.I'll bet she has a plan.If you want the same plan, it's doable. "My brother looks up at me.He's waging a war within himself, choosing between what he knows is coming easy to him  the gang life  and the harder things he wants to go for, like Destiny."Stop hangin' around Wil.Find some new friends, and join the soccer team at school or somethin'.Start actin' like a kid and let me take care of the rest. "I stuff the Beretta in the waistband of my jeans and walk out of the house, heading for the warehouse.162 CHAPTER 27 Brittany I was late to the football game.After Alex left, I stripped down to my bra and underwear and jumped into the pool to grab my keys.Thanks to Alex, I got a demotion.Darlene, the co captain of the pom squad, is now officially the captain.It took me a half hour to dry my hair and reapply my makeup in the girl's changing room.Ms.Small was p. o.'d I was late to the game.She told me I should feel lucky I got a demotion instead of being suspended from the squad.After the game, I lay down on the living room couch with my sister.My hair still smells like chlorine, but I'm too tired to care.As I watch reality shows after dinner, my eyes start to close."Brit, wake up.Colin is here," my mom says, shaking me.I look up at Colin, standing over me.He puts his hands up."You ready?"Oh, man.I forgot about Shane's party, which was planned months ago.I'm so not in the mood."Let's ditch it and stay home. "96     "Are you kidding?Everyone is expecting us to be there.There's no way you're missing the biggest bash of the year. "He looks at my sweatpants and T shirt that says GET CHECKED, which I got when I did the 163 Breast Cancer Walk last year."I'll wait while you get changed.Hurry up.Why don't you wear that black minidress I love?"I drag myself to my closet to change.In the corner, lying next to my DKNY tank top, is Alex's bandanna.I washed it last night, but I close my eyes and bring it to my nose to see if his scent lingers in the fabric.All I smell is laundry detergent and find myself disappointed.I'm not ready to analyze my feelings right now, especially since Colin is downstairs waiting for me.Slipping on the black minidress and fixing my hair and makeup takes a while.I hope Colin isn't pissed I'm taking so long.I have to get it right.My mom will surely comment on my appearance in front of him.Back downstairs, I see Colin sitting on the edge of the couch ignoring Shelley.I think he's nervous around her.My mom "the inspector" walks over to me and feels my hair."Did you condition?"Does she mean before or after my swim in the pool to retrieve my keys?I push her hand away."Mom, please. ""You look amazing," Colin says, sidling up beside me.Thankfully Mom backs away, obviously pleased and comforted by Colin's approval even if my hair isn't perfect.During the ride to Shane's house, I study my boyfriend of two years.The first time we kissed was during a spin the bottle game at Shane's house our sophomore year.We made out in front of everyone, Colin taking me in his arms and kissing me for a full five minutes.Yes, the onlookers timed it.We've been a couple ever since."Why are you looking at me like that?"he asks, glancing my way."I was remembering the first time we kissed. ""At Shane's place.Yeah, we sure put on a show for everyone, didn't we?Even the seniors back then were impressed. "164 "Now we're the seniors. ""And we're still the golden couple, babe," he says, pulling into Shane's driveway."Let the party start, the golden couple has arrived!"Colin yells when we walk into the house.Colin joins the guys while I search for Sierra.I find her in the living room.Sierra hugs me, then motions to a spot on the sofa next to her.A bunch of girls from the pom squad are here, including Darlene."Now that Brit's here," Sierra says, "we can start playing. ""Who would you rather kiss?"Madison asks.97     Sierra leans back on the couch."Let's start easy.Pug or poodle?"I laugh."You mean as in dog?""Yeah. ""Okay," I say.Poodles are cute and cuddly, but Pugs are more masculine and have that don't mess with me look.As much as I like cute and cuddly, a poodle won't cut it."Pug. "Morgan scrunches up her face."Ew!Poodle for sure.Pugs have that pushed in nose and snorting problem.Not conducive to kissing. ""We're not actually going to try it, dumbass," Sierra says."I've got one," I say."Coach Garrison or Mr.Harris the math teacher?"Every girl says in unison, "Garrison!""He is such a hottie," Megan says.Sierra giggles."I hate to break the news, but I hear he's gay. ""No way," Megan says."You sure?Well, even if he is, I'd still pick him over Harris any day. ""I've got one," Darlene chimes in."Colin Adams or Alex Fuentes?"All eyes turn to me.Then Sierra nudges me, giving me a hint we've got company  Colin.Why did Darlene set me up like that?Everyone's eyes now focus on Colin, standing behind me.165 "Oops.Sorry," Darlene says, covering her slip of the tongue."Everyone knows Brittany would choose Colin," Sierra pipes in as she pops a pretzel into her mouth.Megan sneers."Darlene, what's wrong with you?""What?It's only a game, Megan. ""Yeah, but we're playing a different game than you're playing. ""What's that supposed to mean?Just because you don't have a boyfriend  " Colin walks past us and heads for the patio.After giving Darlene a pissed off look and silently praising Megan for telling her off, I follow him outside.I find Colin sitting on one of the lounge chairs by the pool."Did you have to fucking hesitate when Darlene asked that question?"he says to me."You made a fool out of me back there. ""Yeah, well, I'm not very happy with Darlene right now. "98     He gives a short laugh."Don't you get it?It's not Darlene's fault. ""You think it's mine?As if I asked for Alex to be my partner. "He stands."You didn't protest too much. ""You want to fight, Colin?""Maybe I do.You don't even know how to be a girlfriend. ""How can you say that?Who took you to the hospital when you sprained your wrist?Who ran onto the field and kissed you after your first touchdown?Who came to visit you every day last year when you got chicken pox?"I got driving lessons against my will.I passed out drunk in Alex's arms, but I didn't know what I was doing.Nothing happened with Alex.I'm innocent, even if I have thoughts that aren't."That was last year. "Colin takes my hand and leads me into the house."I want you to show me how much you care.Now. "166 We enter Shane's bedroom and Colin pulls me down on the bed with him.I push him away when he nuzzles my neck."Stop acting like I'm going to force you, Brit," Colin slurs.The bed creaks under his weight."Ever since school started you've been acting like a damn prude. "I sit up."I don't want to base our relationship on sex.It's like we never talk anymore. ""So talk," he says as his hand wanders on my chest."You go first.You say something, then I'll say something. ""That's the stupidest fucking thing I've ever heard.I don't have anything to say, Brit.If you've got something on your mind, let it out. "I breathe deeply, chastising myself for feeling more comfortable with Alex than here in a bed with Colin.I can't let our relationship end.My mom would freak, my friends would freak ...the solar system would go out of alignment....Colin pulls me beside him.I can't break up with him just because I'm scared of having sex.He is, after all, a virgin, too.And he's waiting for me so we could share our first time together.Most of our friends have done it; maybe I'm being silly about the whole thing.Maybe my interest in Alex is my excuse to avoid doing it with Colin.Colin's arm snakes around my waist.We've spent two years together, why blow it all for some silly attraction to someone I shouldn't even be talking to?When his lips are inches from mine, my gaze freezes.On Shane's dresser is a picture.Shane and Colin at the beach this summer.There are two girls with them, and Colin has his arms intimately around the cute one with brown hair and a short, shag cut.They're smiling wide, as if they have a secret they aren't about to share.99     167 I point to the picture."Who's that?"I ask, trying to keep the unease out of my voice."Just a couple of girls we met at the beach," he says, leaning back while looking at the picture."What's the name of the girl you have your arm around?""I don't know.I think it was Mia or something like that. ""You look like a couple," I say."That's ridiculous.Come here," he says, pushing himself up and blocking my view of the picture."You're the one I want now, Brit. "What does he mean by now?As if he wanted Mia over the summer, but now he wants me?Am I overanalyzing his words?Before I can think further, he eases my dress and bra up to my chin.I'm trying to get into the mood and convince myself my hesitation stems from my nervousness."Did you lock the door?"I ask, filing my uneasiness into the dark recesses of my mind."Yeah," he says, totally concentrating on my breasts.Knowing I need to participate but having a hard time motivating myself, I feel him through his pants.Colin lifts himself up, pushes my hand away, and unzips himself.When he lowers his pants down to his knees he says, "Come on, Brit.Let's try something new. "It's not feeling right, it feels orchestrated.I move closer, although my mind is far away.The door creaks open and Shane's head pokes into the room.His mouth stretches into a wide grin."Holy shit!Where's a cell phone camera when you need one?""I thought you locked the door!"I say angrily to Colin as I quickly pull my bra and dress back down."You lied to me. "Colin grabs the blanket and covers himself."Shane, give us 168 some fucking privacy, will ya?Brit, stop freaking out like a psycho. ""In case you hadn't noticed, this is my room," Shane says.He leans against the doorway and wiggles his eyebrows at me."Brit, tell me the truth.Are those real?""Shane, you're a pig," I say, then move away from Colin.Colin reaches for me as I hop off the bed."Come back here, Brit.I'm sorry I didn't lock it.I was caught up in the moment. "The problem is, the unlocked door is only part of the reason why I'm mad.He called me "psycho" and didn't think twice about it.And he didn't defend me to Shane.I look back at my boyfriend."Yeah?Well right now I'm caught up in the act of leaving," I say.100     At one thirty in the morning I'm staring at my cell phone in my bedroom.Colin has called thirty six times.And left ten messages.Since Sierra drove me home, I've ignored him.Mostly because I need to let my anger deflate.I'm mortified Shane saw me half undressed.In the time it took me to find Sierra and asked her to take me home, at least five people were whispering about my show in Shane's room.I don't want to blow up like my mom does, and I was about to lose it on Shane and Colin back at Shane's house.By Colin's thirty ninth call, my heart rate is as slow as it's gonna get tonight.I finally answer it."Stop calling me," I say."I'll stop calling when you listen to what I have to say," Colin says on the other end of the line, frustration laced through his voice."So talk.I'm listening. "I hear him take a deep breath."I'm sorry, Brit.I'm sorry I didn't lock the door tonight.I'm sorry for wanting to have sex.I'm sorry one of my best friends thinks he's funny when he's not.I'm sorry I can't stand 169 watching you and Fuentes in Peterson's class.I'm sorry I changed this summer. "I don't know what to say.He has changed.Have I?Or am I the same person who he said good bye to before he left for the summer?I don't know.There's one thing I do know, though."Colin, I don't want to fight anymore. ""Me, neither.Can you just try to forget tonight ever happened?I promise I'll make it up to you.Remember our anniversary last year when my uncle flew us to Michigan for the day in his Cessna?"We ended up at a resort.When we got to the restaurant for dinner that night, a huge bouquet of red roses was on our table, along with a turquoise box.Inside was a white gold bracelet from Tiffany's."I remember. ""I'm going to buy you the earrings that match the bracelet, Brit. "I don't have the heart to tell him that it's not the earrings I want.I love the bracelet a ton and wear it all the time.But what blew me away wasn't the gift, it was that Colin went above and beyond in the planning of the day just to make it super special for us.That's what I remember when I look at the bracelet.Not the gift, but the meaning behind it.I've only seen small glimpses of that Colin since school started.The expensive earrings would be a symbol of Colin's apology and would remind me of tonight.It might also serve to guilt me into giving something to him ...like my virginity.He might not think of it consciously, but just the fact that the thought is lingering in my mind is a sign.I don't want that pressure."Colin, I don't want the earrings. ""Then what do you want?Tell me. "It takes me a while to answer.Six months ago I could have written a hundred page essay on what I wanted.Since school started, everything 170 has turned around."Right now I don't know what I want. "I feel bad for saying it, but it's the truth."Well, when you figure it out will you clue me in?"101     Yeah, if I ever figure it out myself.171 CHAPTER 28 Alex On Monday I try not to read too much into my anticipation for chemistry.Surely it's not Mrs.P.  making me crave class.It's Brittany.She walks into class late."Hey," I say to her."Hey," she mumbles back.No smile, no bright eyes.Something is definitely bothering her."Okay, class," Mrs.P.  says."Get out your pencils.Let's see how well you've been studying. "While I silently curse Mrs.P.  for not having a lab day with experiments so we can talk, I glance over at my partner.She looks totally unprepared.Feeling protective even though I have no right, I raise my hand."I'm afraid to call on you, Alex," Mrs.P.  says, staring down at me."It's a small question. ""Go ahead.Make it quick. ""This is an open book test, right?"The teacher glares at me over her glasses."No, Alex, this is not an open book test.And if you didn't study, you're going to get yourself a big fat F.Understand?"172 I drop my books with a loud thud onto the floor in response.After Mrs.P.  passes out the test, I read the first question.The density of Al (aluminum) is 2.7 grams per millimeter.What volume will 10.5 grams of Al (aluminum) occupy?After I work out my answer, I look over at Brittany.She's staring blankly at the test.Catching me watching her, she sneers."What?""Nothin'.Nada. ""Then stop staring at me. "Mrs.P.  is looking right at us.Taking a deep breath to calm myself, I go back to working on the test.Does Brittany have to do that, get all hot and cold without warning?What sets her off?Out of the corner of my eye, I see my chem partner grab the bathroom pass off the hook by the classroom 102     door.Problem is, the bathroom pass can't help you escape life.It's still there when you come out.Believe me, I've tried it.Problems and crap don't go away by hiding in the can.Back in class, Brittany lays her head on the lab table as she scribbles answers.One glance and I know she's not into it, the girl is doing a half ass job.And when Mrs.P.  orders everyone to hand in their papers, my chem partner has a blank stare on her face."If it makes you feel any better," I say quietly so only Brittany can hear, "I flunked health class in eighth grade for puttin' a lit cigarette in the dummy's mouth. "Without looking up she says, "Good for you. "Music pipes through the speaker, signaling the end of class.I watch Brittany's golden hair bouncing less than usual as she shuffles out of class, surprisingly not accompanied by her boyfriend.I wonder if she thinks everything is supposed to land in her lap, even good grades.I have to work for everything I have.Nothing lands in my lap.173 "Hiya, Alex. "Carmen is standing in front of my locker.Okay, so some things do land in my lap."Quepasa?"My ex girlfriend leans toward me, the deep V of her shirt extra low cut."A bunch of us are going to hang out at the beach after school.Wanna come?""I've got to work," I tell her."Maybe I'll catch up with ya later. "I think about two weekends ago.After going to Brittany's house only to be talked down to by her mother, something inside me snapped.Getting drunk to drown my busted ego was a dumb idea.I wanted to be with Brittany, to hang out with her not only to study but to find out what's underneath those blond streaks.My chem partner blew me off.Carmen didn't.The memory is a hazy one, but I remember Carmen in the lake, wrapping her body around me.And sitting on top of me by the fire as we smoked something much stronger than a Marlboro.In my inebriated and stoned ego busted state, any girl would have felt good to me.Carmen was there, willing, and I owe her an apology because even if she was offering, I shouldn't have nibbled at the bait.I'll have to catch up with her and explain my dumbass behavior.After school, there's a crowd around my motorcycle.Shit, if anything happened to Julio I swear I'm going to kick someone's ass.I don't have to push through the crowd because a path opens up when I get close.All eyes are on me as I witness the vandalism to my motorcycle.They're expecting me to be in a rage.After all, who would dare attach a pink tricycle horn to the handlebars and tape sparkling streamers from the ends of the handles?Nobody can get away with this shit.Except Brittany.174 103     I scan the area, but she's not around."I didn't do it," Lucky is quick to say.Everyone else murmurs they didn't do it, either.Then murmurs of who it could be race through the crowd."Colin Adams, Greg Hanson ... "I'm not listening, because I know full well who the culprit is.It's my chem partner, the one who ignored me today.I yank off the streamers with a jerk of my hand, then unscrew the pink rubber horn.Pink.I wonder if it was hers once upon a time."Get out of my way," I tell the crowd.They disperse pretty quick, thinking my rage level is high and they don't want to be caught in the crossfire.Sometimes playing the part of a badass does have its advantages.The truth?I'll use the pink horn and streamers as an excuse to talk to Brittany again.After everyone is out of sight, I walk to the side of the football field.The pom squad is there, practicing as usual."Looking for someone?"I turn around to Darlene Boehm, one of Brittany's friends."Is Brittany around?"I ask."Nope. ""Know where she is?"Alex Fuentes asking the whereabouts of Brittany Ellis?I expect her to say it's none of my business.Or that I should leave her alone.Instead her friend says, "She went home. "Murmuring a "thanks," I turn and walk back to Julio while I dial my cousin's number."Enrique's Auto Body. ""It's Alex.I'm gonna be late for work today. ""You get another detention?""No, nothin' like that. "175 "Well, make sure you work on the Lexus for Chuy.I told him he could pick it up at seven and you know how Chuy is when you don't come through for him. ""No problem," I tell him as I think of Chuy's role in the Blood.He's the guy you never want to mess with, the guy who was born without an empathy chip in his brain.If someone is disloyal, Chuy is responsible for either making them loyal or making sure they never narc.By any means possible, even if they're screaming for their life."I'll be there. "Knocking on the Ellises' door ten minutes later with the pink horn and streamers in hand, I try to put on the I am a cool motherfucker pose.104     When Brittany opens the door wearing a baggy T shirt and shorts, I'm floored.Her pale blue eyes open wide."Alex, what are you doing here?"I hold out the horn and streamers.She snatches them from my hand."I can't believe you came here because of some prank. ""We've got some things to discuss.Besides pranks. "She swallows nervously."I'm not feeling great, okay?Let's just talk at school. "She tries to close the door.Shit, I can't believe I'm going to do this like a stalker guy in the movies.I push open the door.Que mierda!"Alex, don't. ""Let me in.For a minute.Please. "She shakes her head, those angelic curls swaying back and forth across her face."My parents don't like when I have people over. ""Are they home?"176 "No. "She sighs, then opens the door hesitantly.I step inside.The house is even bigger than it looks from the outside.The walls are painted bright white, reminding me of a hospital.I swear dust wouldn't have the nerve to land on their floors or counters.The two story foyer boasts a staircase that rivals the one I saw in The Sound of Music, which we were forced to watch in junior high, and the floor is as shiny as water.Brittany was right.I don't belong here.It doesn't matter, because even if I don't belong in this place, she's here and I want to be where she is."Well, what did you want to talk about?"she asks.I wish her long, lean legs weren't sticking out from her shorts.They're a distraction.I look away from them, desperate to keep my wits.So what if she has sexy legs?So what if she has eyes as clear as glass marbles?So what if she can take a prank like a man and give it right back?Who am I kidding?I have no reason for being here other than the fact that I want to be near her.Screw the bet.I want to know how to make this girl laugh.I want to know what makes her cry.I want to know what it feels like to have her look at me as if I'm her knight in shining armor."Bwiee!"a distant voice echoes through the house, breaking the silence."Wait here," Brittany orders, then hurries down a hallway to the right."I'll be right back. "I'm not about to stand here like a jackass in the foyer.I follow her, knowing I'm about to get a glimpse into her private world.105     177 CHAPTER 29 Brittany I'm not ashamed of my sister's disability.But I don't want Alex to judge her.Because if he laughs, I couldn't take it.I whip around."You're not good at following directions, are you?"He grins as if saying, I'm a gang member, what did you expect?"I have to check on my sister.Do you mind?""Nope.It'll give me a chance to meet her.Trust me. "I should kick him out, tattoos and all.I should, but I don't.Without another word, I lead him into our dark, mahogany paneled library.Shelley is sitting in her wheelchair, her head awkwardly slumped to the side as she watches television.When she realizes she has company, her gaze shifts from the television to me to Alex."This is Alex," I explain, shutting off the TV."A friend from school. "Shelley gives Alex a crooked smile and hits her specialized keyboard with her knuckles."Hello," says a feminine, computerized voice.She hits another button."My name is Shelley," the computer continues.178 Alex kneels down to Shelley's level.The simple act of respect tears at something suspiciously like my heart.Colin always ignores my sister, treating her as if she's blind and deaf as well as physically and mentally disabled."What's up?"Alex says, taking Shelley's stiff hand in his and shaking it."Cool computer. ""It's a personal communication device or PCD," I explain."It helps her communicate. ""Game," the computer voice says.Alex moves beside Shelley.I hold my breath as I watch her hands, making sure they're nowhere near his thick head of hair."You have games on there?"he asks."Yeah," I answer for her."She's become a checkers fanatic.Shelley, show him how it works. "While Shelley slowly taps the screen with her knuckles, Alex watches, seemingly fascinated.When the checkers screen comes up, Shelley nudges Alex's hand."You go first," he says.106     She shakes her head."She wants you to go first," I tell him."Cool. "He taps the screen.I watch, getting all mushy inside, as this tough guy plays quietly with my big sister."Do you mind if I make a snack for her?"I say, desperate to leave the room."Nah, go ahead," he says, his concentration on the game."You don't have to let her win," I say before leaving."She can hold her own in checkers. ""Uh, thanks for the vote of confidence, but I am tryin' to win," 179 Alex says.He has a genuine grin on his face, without trying to act cocky or cool.It makes me even more desperate to escape.When I walk into the library with Shelley's food a few minutes later, he says, "She beat me. ""I told you she was good.But enough games for now," I say to Shelley, then turn to Alex."I hope you don't mind me helping to feed her. ""Go for it. "He sits in my dad's favorite leather chair as I place a tray in front of Shelley and feed her applesauce.It's a messy affair, as usual.Tilting my head, I catch Alex watching as I wipe the side of my sister's mouth with a towel."Shelley," I say."You should've let him win.You know, to be polite. "Shelley's response is a shake of her head.Applesauce drips on her chin."That's the way it's going to be, huh?"I say, hoping the scene doesn't gross Alex out.Maybe I'm testing him, to see if he can handle a glimpse of my home life.If so, he's passing."Wait until Alex leaves.I'll show you who the checkers champion is. "My sister smiles that sweet, crooked smile of hers.It's like a thousand words put into one expression.For a moment I forget Alex is still watching me.It's so weird having him inside my life and my house.He doesn't belong, yet he doesn't seem to mind being here."Why were you in a crappy mood in chem class?"he asks.Because my sister is going to be sent away and yesterday I got caught with my boobs exposed while Colin had his pants down right in front of me."I'm sure you heard the gruesome rumors. ""Nope, haven't heard a thing.Maybe you're just paranoid. "Maybe.Shane saw us, but he has a big mouth.Every time someone looked my way today, I imagined they knew.I look at Alex."Sometimes I wish there were Do Over Days. "180 "Sometimes I wish there were Do Over Years," he responds seriously."Or Fast Forward Days. "107     "Unfortunately, real life doesn't have a remote control. "When Shelley is done eating, I sit her in front of the TV, then lead Alex to the kitchen."My life doesn't seem so perfect after all, does it?"I ask while I take drinks out of the fridge for both of us.Alex looks at me curiously."What?"He shrugs."I guess we all have stuff to deal with.I've got more demons than a horror movie. "Demons?Nothing bothers Alex.He never complains about his life."What are your demons?"I ask."Oye, if I told you about my demons, you'd run like hell away from me. ""I think you'd be surprised what I'd run from, Alex. "Chimes from our grandfather clock echo through the house.One.Two.Three.Four.Five."I gotta go," Alex says."How about studying tomorrow, after school.At my house. ""Your house?"On the south side?"I'll show you a glimpse into my life.You game?"he asks.I swallow."Sure. "Game on.As I lead him to the door, I hear a car drive up to my house.If it's my mom, I'm in big trouble.No matter if we had the most innocent meeting, she'll go ballistic.I peek through the windows by the front door and recognize Darlene's red sports car."Oh, no.My friends are here. ""Don't panic," he tells me."Open the door.It's not like you can pretend I'm not here.My motorcycle is parked in your driveway. "He's right.I can't hide the fact that he's here.181 I open the door and walk outside.Alex is right behind me as I face Darlene, Morgan, and Sierra walking up the sidewalk."Hey, guys!"I say.Maybe if I act all innocent they won't make a big deal about Alex being here.I touch Alex's elbow."We were just discussing our chemistry project.Right, Alex?""Right. "Sierra's eyebrows are raised.I think Morgan is about to pull out her cell, no doubt to inform the other M's she saw Alex Fuentes walking out of my house."Should we go so you guys can be alone?"Darlene asks."Don't be ridiculous," I say too quickly.Alex steps toward his motorcycle, his shirt outlining his perfect, muscular back and his jeans outlining his 108     perfect, muscular   He points at me after putting on his helmet."See ya tomorrow. "Tomorrow.His house.I nod.After Alex is out of sight, Sierra says, "What was that all about?""Chemistry," I mumble.Morgan's mouth is open in shock."Were you guys doing it?"Darlene asks.  "'Cause we've been friends for ten years and I can count on one hand how many times I've been invited inside your house. ""He's my chemistry partner. ""He's a gang member, Brit.