I pull my cell out of my pocket.Two voice messages and one text message.All from Colin.I call him on his cell."Brit, where are you?"he asks."On my way home. ""Come over to Doug's. ""My sister has a new caretaker," I explain."I have to help her out. ""Are you still pissed because I threatened your gangbanger chemistry partner?""I'm not pissed.I'm annoyed.I told you I could handle it and you totally ignored me.And you caused a whole scene in the hallway.You know I didn't ask to be partners with him," I tell Colin.41 23     "I know, Brit.I just hate that guy.Don't be mad. ""I'm not," I say."I just hate seeing you get all riled up for no reason. ""And I hated seeing that guy whispering in your ear. "I feel a headache coming on, full force.I don't need Colin to make a scene every time a guy so much as talks to me.He's never done that before and it left me open for more scrutiny and gossip, something I never want to happen."Let's just forget it ever happened. ""Fine by me.Call me tonight," he says."But if you can get out early and can come to Doug's, I'll be there. "When I get home, Baghda is in Shelley's room on the first floor.She's attempting to change her special leak proof undergarments, but she has Shelley in the wrong position.Her head is usually where her feet are, one leg is dangling off the bed ...it's a disaster and Baghda is huffing and puffing as if it's the most difficult task she's ever attempted.Did my mom check her credentials?"I'll do it," I tell Baghda, pushing her aside and taking over.I've changed my sister's underwear since we were kids.It's not fun changing the undergarments of a person who weighs more than you do, but if you do it right it doesn't take long and it doesn't become a big, drawn out deal.My sister smiles wide when she sees me."Bwiee!"My sister can't enunciate words, but she uses verbal approximations."Bwiee" means "Brittany," and I smile back while situating her better on her bed."Hey, girlie girl.You hungry for dinner?"I ask as I pull wipes from the container and try not to think about the task I'm doing.As I slip new leak proof underwear on her and slide her legs into a fresh pair of sweats, Baghda watches from the sidelines.I try explaining while doing the task, but one glance at Baghda and I can tell she's not listening.42 "Your mother said I can leave when you got home," Baghda says."That's fine," I say as I wash my hands, and before I know it Baghda has Houdini'd on me.I wheel Shelley into the kitchen.Our usually pristine kitchen is a disaster.Baghda hasn't cleaned up the dishes, which are now piled in the sink, and she didn't do such a hot job of wiping the floor after Shelley's earlier mess.I prepare Shelley's dinner and wipe up the mess.Shelley drawls out the word "school," which really sounds like "cool," but I know what she means."Yeah, it was my first day back," I tell her as I blend her food and set it on the table.I spoon soupy food into her mouth while I keep talking."And my new chemistry teacher, Mrs.Peterson, should be a boot camp instructor.I scanned the syllabus.The woman can't go a week without scheduling a test or a quiz.This year isn't going to be easy. "My sister looks at me, decoding what I've told her.Her intense expression says she's giving me support and understanding without having to say the words.Because every word that comes out of her mouth is a struggle.Sometimes I want to say the words for her because I feel her frustration as if it's my own."You didn't like Baghda?"I ask quietly.My sister shakes her head.And she doesn't want to talk about it; I can tell by the way she tenses her mouth."Be patient with her," I tell her."It's not easy coming into a new house and not knowing what to do. "24     When Shelley finishes eating, I bring her magazines so she can scan them.My sister loves magazines.While she's busy flipping pages, I stick some cheese between two slices of bread for my own dinner then sit at the table to start my homework while I eat.43 I hear the garage door open just as I pull out the notebook paper Mrs.Peterson gave me to write my "respect" paper."Brit, where are you?"my mom yells from the foyer."In the kitchen," I call out.My mom saunters into the kitchen with a Neiman Marcus bag on her arm."Here, this is for you. "I reach in the bag and pull out a light blue Geren Ford designer top."Thanks," I say, not making a big deal about it in front of Shelley, who didn't get anything from my mom.Not that my sister cares.She's too focused on the best  and worst dressed pictures of celebrities and all their shiny jewelry."It'll go with those dark denims I bought you last week," she says as she pulls out frozen steaks from the freezer and starts defrosting them in the microwave."So ...how was everything with Baghda when you got home?""Not the best," I tell her."You really need to train her. "I'm not surprised she doesn't respond.My dad walks through the door a minute later, grumbling about work.He owns a computer chip manufacturing company and has prepped us that this is a lean year, but my mom still goes out and buys stuff and my dad still bought me a BMW for my birthday."What's for dinner?"my dad asks as he loosens his tie.He looks tired and worn, as usual.My mom glances at the microwave."Steak. ""I'm not in the mood for heavy food," he says."Just something light. "My mom turns off the microwave in a huff."Eggs?Spaghetti?"she says, listing suggestions to deaf ears.My dad walks out of the kitchen.Even when he's physically here, his mind is still on the job."Whatever.Just something light," he calls out.44 It's times like these I feel sorry for my mom.She doesn't get much attention from my dad.He's either working or on a business trip or just plain doesn't want to deal with us."I'll make a salad," I tell her as I pull lettuce out of the fridge.She seems thankful, if her small smile is any indication, for the help.We work side by side in silence.I set the table while my mom brings the salad, scrambled eggs, and toast to the table.She mumbles complaints about not being appreciated, but I figure she wants me to listen and not say anything.Shelley is still busy looking at her magazines, oblivious to the tension between my parents."I'm going to China on Friday for two weeks," my dad announces as he comes back to the kitchen in sweatpants and a T shirt.He plops himself down at his usual spot at the head of the table and spoons eggs onto his plate."Our supplier there is shipping defective material and I've got to find out what the deal is. "25     "What about the DeMaio wedding?It's this weekend and we already RSVP'd. "My dad drops his fork and looks at my mom."Yeah, I'm sure the DeMaios' kid's wedding is more important than keeping my business afloat. ""Bill, I didn't insinuate your business is less important," she says, dropping her own fork on her plate.It's a wonder our plates don't have permanent chips in them."It's just rude to cancel these things at the last minute. ""You can go by yourself. ""And have rumors start because you're not accompanying me?No thank you. "This is typical Ellis dinner conversation.My dad saying how hard work is, my mom trying to keep up the facade that we're a happy go lucky family, and me and Shelley quiet on the sidelines.45 "How was school?"my mom finally asks me."Okay," I say, omitting the fact that I got stuck with Alex as a partner."I got a really tough teacher for chemistry. ""You probably shouldn't have taken chemistry," my dad chimes in."If you don't get an A, your GPA'll go down.Northwestern is a tough school to get into, and they won't give you a break just because it's my alma mater. ""I got it, Dad," I say, totally depressed now.If Alex isn't serious about our project, how am I going to get an A on it?"Shelley had a new caretaker start today," my mom informs him."Remember?"He shrugs because the last time a caretaker quit, he insisted Shelley should live in some facility instead of at home.I never remember screaming so much as I did then, because I'm never letting them send Shelley to a place where they'll neglect my sister and not understand her.I need to keep an eye on her.That's why it's so important for me to get into Northwestern.If I'm close to home, then I can live here and make sure my parents don't send her away.At nine Megan calls to complain about Darlene.She thinks Dar lene changed over the summer and now has a big ego because she's dating a college guy.At nine thirty Darlene calls to say she suspects Megan is jealous because she's dating a guy in college.At nine forty five Sierra calls to tell me she talked to both Megan and Darlene tonight and she doesn't want to get in the middle of it.I agree, although I think we already are.It's ten forty five before I finally finish the respect paper for Mrs.Peterson and help my mom put Shelley to bed.I'm so exhausted my head feels as if it's about to fall off.Sliding into bed after I've changed into my pj's, I dial Colin's number.46 "Hey, babe," he says."What're you up to?""Not much.I'm in bed.Did you have fun at Doug's?"26     "Not as much fun as I would've had if you were there. ""When did you get back?""About an hour ago.I'm so glad you called. "I pull my big pink comforter up to my chin and sink my head into my fluffy down pillow."Oh, really?"I say, fishing for a compliment and speaking with my flirty voice."Why?"He hasn't told me he loves me in a long time.I know he's not the most affectionate person in the world.My dad isn't, either.I need to hear it from Colin.I want to hear he loves me.I want to hear he missed me.I want to hear him say I'm the girl of his dreams.Colin clears his throat."We've never had phone sex. "Okay, those so aren't the words I expected.I shouldn't be disappointed or surprised.He's a teenage guy and I know guys are focused on sex and fooling around.This afternoon I pushed away the feeling in the pit of my stomach when I read Alex's words about having hot sex.Little does he know I'm a virgin.Colin and I have never had sex, period.Phone sex or real sex.We got close in April last year at the beach behind Sierra's house, but I chickened out.I wasn't ready."Phone sex?""Yeah.Touch yourself, Brit.And then tell me what you're doing.It'll totally turn me on. ""While I'm touching myself, what'll you be doing?"I ask him."Choking the gopher.What'd you think I'd do, my homework?"I laugh.Mostly it's a nervous laugh because we haven't seen each other in a couple of months, we haven't talked all that much, and now he wants to go from "hi, nice to see you after a summer apart" to 47 "touch yourself while I choke the gopher" in one day.I feel like I'm in the middle of a Pat McCurdy song."Come on, Brit," Colin says."Think of it as practice before we do the real thing.Take off your shirt and touch yourself. ""Colin ...," I say."What?""Sorry, but I'm not into it.Not now, at least. ""You sure?""Yeah.You mad?""No," he says."I thought it'd be fun to spice up our relationship. ""I didn't know we were boring. "27     "School ...football practice ...hanging out.I guess after a summer away I'm sick of the same old routine.The entire summer I've been waterskiing, wakeboarding, and off roading.Things that get your heart racing and blood pumping, you know?Pure adrenaline rush. ""Sounds awesome. ""It was.Brit?""Yeah. ""I'm ready for that adrenaline rush ...with you. "48 CHAPTER 8 Alex I push the guy up against a sweet, shiny black Camaro, one that probably cost more than my mom makes in a year."Here's the deal, Blake," I say."You either pay up now, or I break somethin' of yours.Not a piece of furniture or your fuckin' car ...somethin' you're permanently attached to.Get it?"Blake, skinnier than a telephone pole and as pale as a ghost, is looking at me as if I just handed him his death sentence.He should have thought about that before he took the Big 8 and bounced without paying up.As if Hector would ever let that happen.As if I would ever let that happen.When Hector sends me to collect, I do it.I may not like doing it, but I do it.He knows I won't do drug deals or break into people's homes or businesses to steal shit.But I'm good at collecting ...debts, mostly.Sometimes it's people, but those get to be messy affairs, especially because I know what's gonna happen to them once I haul them back to the warehouse to face Chuy.Nobody wants to face Chuy.It's way worse than facing me.Blake should feel lucky I'm the one assigned to look for him.To say I don't live a squeaky clean life is an understatement.I try 49 not to dwell on it, the dirty job I'm doing for the Blood.And I'm good at it.Scaring people into paying us what's ours is my job.Technically my hands are clean of drugs.Okay, so drug money does touch my hands quite frequently, but I just hand it over to Hector.I don't use it, I just collect it.It makes me a pawn, I know.As long as my family is safe, I don't care.Besides, I'm good at fighting.You can't imagine how many people break down with the threat of their bones breaking.Blake is no different than the other guys I've threatened, I can tell by the way he's trying to act cool while his spindly hands are shaking uncontrollably.You'd think Peterson would be afraid of me, too, but that teacher wouldn't fear me even if I shoved a live grenade into her hands.28     "I don't got the money," Blake blurts out."That answer ain't gonna cut it, man," Paco chimes in from the sidelines.He likes coming with me.He thinks of it as playing good cop/ bad cop.Except we play bad gang member/worse gang member."Which limb you want me to break first?"I ask."I'll be nice and let you choose. ""Just smoke his sorry ass, Alex, and get this over with," Paco says lazily."No!"Blake shouts."I'll get it.I promise.Tomorrow. "I shove him against the car, my forearm pressing on his throat just enough to scare him."As if I'm gonna take your word for it.You think we're stupid?I need collateral. "Blake doesn't answer.I eye his car."Not the car, Alex.Please. "I take my gun out.I'm not going to shoot him.No matter who I am and what I've become, I'd never kill anyone.Or shoot anyone.Blake doesn't have to know this, though.50 At the first glance of my Glock, Blake holds out his keys."Oh, God.Please, no. "I snatch the keys out of his hand."Tomorrow, Blake.Seven o'clock behind the old tracks on Fourth and Vine.Now get outta here," I say, waving my gun in the air for him to run off on foot."I've always wanted a Camaro," Paco says after Blake is out of sight.I toss the keys to him."It's yours  until tomorrow. ""You really think he'll come up with four G's in a day?""Yeah," I tell him, totally confident.  "'Cause that car is worth way more than four G's. "Back at the warehouse, we give Hector the update.He's not happy we haven't collected, but he knows it'll happen.I always come through.At night, I'm in my room unable to sleep because of my little brother Luis's snoring.By the way he sleeps so soundly, you'd think he didn't have a care in the world.As much as I don't mind threatening loser drug dealers like Blake, I wish to hell I was fighting for things worth fighting for.A week later I'm sitting on the grass in the school courtyard eating lunch by a tree.Most of the students at Fairfield eat outside until late October, when the Illinois winter forces us to sit in the cafeteria during lunch period.Right now we're soaking up every minute of sun and fresh air while it's still decent outside.My friend Lucky, with his oversized red shirt and black jeans, slaps me on the back as he parks his butt next to me with a cafeteria tray balanced on his hand."You geared up for next period, Alex?I swear Brittany Ellis hates you like the plague, man.It's hilarious watchin' her move her stool as far as she can from you. "51 29     "Lucky," I say."She might be a mamacita, but she ain't got nothin' on this hombre. "I point to myself."Tell your mama that," Lucky says, laughing."Or Colin Adams. "I lean back against the tree and cross my arms."I had phys.ed.with Adams last year.Believe me, he's got nada to brag about. ""You still pissed off 'cause he trashed your locker freshman year after you smoked him in the relay in front of the entire school?"Hell, yeah, I'm still pissed.That one incident cost me a shitload of money having to buy new books."Yesterday's news," I tell Lucky, keeping up the cool facade I always do.  "'Yesterdays news' is sittin' right over there with his hot girlfriend. "One look at Little Miss Perfecta and my defenses go up.She thinks I'm a drugged out user.Every day I've dreaded having to deal with her in chem class."That chick has a head full of air, man," I say."I heard that ho was dissin' you to her friends," a guy named Pedro says as he and a bunch of other guys join us carrying either trays from the cafeteria or food they brought from home.I shake my head, wondering what Brittany said and how much damage control I'll have to do."Maybe she wants me and doesn't know any other way to get my attention. "Lucky laughs so hard everyone within a few yards stares at us."There's no way Brittany Ellis would get within two feet of you on her own free will, giley, let alone date you," he says."She's so rich the scarf around her neck last week pro'bly cost as much as everythin' in tu casa. "That scarf.As if the designer jeans and top weren't fashionable enough, she'd probably added the scarf to showcase how rich and untouchable she is.Knowing her, she had it professionally dyed to match the exact shade of her sapphire eyes.52 "Hell, I bet you my RX 7 you can't get into her panties before Thanksgiving break," Lucky challenges me, breaking my wayward thoughts."Who'd want those panties?"I say.They're probably designer, too, with her initials embroidered on the front."Every single dude in this school. "Do I need to state the obvious?"She's a snow girl. "I'm not into white chicks, or spoiled chicks, or chicks whose idea of hard labor is painting their long fingernails a different color each day to match their designer outfits.I pull a cigarette from my pocket and light it, ignoring Fairfield's no smoking policy.I've been smoking a lot lately.Paco pointed it out yesterday night when we hung out."So what if she's white?Come on, Alex.Don't be an idiot.Look at her. "I take a glance.I admit she's got it goin' on.Long, shiny hair, aristocratic nose, slightly tanned arms with a hint of muscle in her biceps to make you wonder if she works out, full lips that when she smiles you think world peace is possible if everyone had her smile.30     I shove those thoughts from my mind.So what if she's hot?She's a first degree bitch."Too skinny," I blurt out."You want her," Lucky says, leaning back on the grass."You just know, like the rest of us Mexicanos from the south side, that you can't have her. "Something inside me clicks on.Call it my defense mechanism.Call it cockiness.Before I can switch it off, I say, "In two months I could have a piece of that ass.If you really wanna bet your RX 7, I'm in. ""You're trippin', man. "When I don't answer, Lucky frowns."You serious, Alex?"53 The guy will back down, he loves his car more than his mama."Sure. ""If you lose, I get Julio," Lucky says, his frown turning into a wicked grin.Julio is my most prized possession, an old Honda Nighthawk 750 motorcycle.I rescued it from a dump and turned it into a sleek ride.Rebuilding the bike took me forever.It's the only thing in my life I've made better instead of destroying.Lucky is not backing down.Time to either back down myself or play the game.The problem is, I've never backed down ...not once in my life.The most popular white chick at school would sure as hell learn a lot by hanging with me.Little Miss Perfecta said she'd never date a gang member, but I bet no Latino Blood ever tried to get into those designer pants.Easy as a fight between Folks and People  rival gangs on a Saturday night.I bet all it'll take for Brittany to come around is a bit of flirting.You know, that give and take wordplay that heightens your awareness of the opposite sex.I can kill two birds with one stone: get back at Burro Face by taking his girl and get back at Brittany Ellis for having me called into the principal's office and dissin' me in front of her friends.Might even be fun.I imagine the entire school witnessing the pristine white chick drooling over the Mexicano she vowed to hate.I wonder how hard she'll fall on that tight white ass when I'm done with her.I hold out my hand."Deal. ""You gotta show proof. "54 I take another drag of my cigarette."Lucky, what do you want me to do?Pluck out one of her fuckin' pubes?""How'd we know it's hers?"Lucky responds."Maybe she's not a real blond.Besides, she pro'bly gets one of those Brazilian wax jobs.You know, where every thin' is  " "Take a picture," Pedro suggests."Or video.I bet we could make muchos billetes on that thing.We can title it Brittany Goes South of the Border. "31     It's trash talkin' times like these that give us a bad rep.Not that rich kids don't talk trash, I'm sure they do.But when my friends go at it, it's no holds barred.To be honest, I think my friends are damn entertaining when they're ragging on someone else.When they're ragging on me, I don't find it half as funny."What'cha talkin' about?"Paco asks, joining us with a plate of food from the cafeteria."I bet Alex my car for his motorcycle he can't get into Brittany Ellis's pants by Thanksgiving. ""You loco, Alex?"Paco says."Makin a bet like that is suicide. ""Lay off, Paco," I warn.It isn't suicide.Stupid, maybe.But not suicide.If I could handle hot Carmen Sanchez, I can handle vanilla cookie Brittany Ellis."Brittany Ellis is out of your league, amigo.You might be a pretty boy, but you're one hundred percent Mexicano and she's as white as Wonder Bread. "A junior named Leticia Gonzalez walks by us."Hi, Alex," she says, flashing me a smile before sitting with her friends.While the other guys drool over Leticia and talk to her friends, Paco and I are left alone by the tree.Paco nudges me."Now she's a bonita Mexicana, and definitely in your league. "55 My eye isn't on Leticia, it's on Brittany.Now that the game's on, I'm focusing on the prize.It's time to start flirting, but no bullshit come on lines will work with her.Somehow I think she's used to those from her boyfriend and other assholes trying to get into her pants.I decide on a new tactic, one she won't expect.I'm going to keep riffling her feathers until I'm all she thinks about.And I'll start next period when she's forced to sit next to me.Nothing like a little foreplay in chemistry class to spark things up."Carajo!"Paco says, throwing down his lunch."They think they can buy a U shaped shell, stuff it, and call it a taco, but those cafeteria workers wouldn't know taco meat from a piece of shit.That's what this tastes like, Alex. ""You're makin' me sick, man," I tell him.I stare uncomfortably at the food I brought from home.Thanks to Paco everything looks like mierda now.Disgusted, I shove what's left of my lunch into my brown paper bag."Want some of it?"Paco says with a grin as he holds out the shitty taco to me."Bring that one inch closer to me and you'll be sorry," I threaten."I'm shakin' in my pants. "Paco wiggles the offending taco, goading me.He should seriously know better."If any of that gets on me  " "What'cha gonna do, kick my ass?"Paco sings sarcastically, still shaking the taco.Maybe I should punch him in the face, knocking him out so I won't have to deal with him right now.32     As I have that thought, I feel something drop on my pants.I look down even though I know what I'll see.Yes, a big blob of wet, gloppy stuff passing as taco meat lands right on the crotch of my faded jeans.56 "Fuck," Paco says, his face quickly turning from amusement to shock."Want me to clean it off for you?""If your fingers get anywhere close to my dick, I'm gonna personally shoot you in the huevos," I growl through clenched teeth.I flick the mystery meat off my crotch.A big, greasy stain lingers.I turn back to Paco."You got ten minutes to get me a new pair of pants. ""How the hell am I s'posed to do that?""Be creative. ""Take mine. "Paco stands and brings his fingers to the waistband of his jeans, unbuttoning right in the middle of the courtyard."Maybe I wasn't specific enough," I tell him, wondering how I'm going to act like the cool guy in chem class when it looks like I've peed in my pants."I meant, get me a new pair of pants that will fit me, pendejo.You're so short you could audition to be one of Santa Claus's elves. ""I'm toleratin' your insults because we're like brothers. ""Nine minutes and thirty seconds. "It doesn't take Paco more than that to start running toward the school parking lot.I seriously don't give a crap how I get the pants; just that I get 'em before my next class.A wet crotch is not the way to show Brittany I'm a stud.I wait at the tree while other kids throw away their lunches and head back inside.Before I know it, music starts playing through the loudspeakers and Paco is nowhere in sight.Great.Now I have five minutes to get to Peterson's class.Gritting my teeth, I walk to chemistry with my books strategically placed in front of my crotch, with two minutes to spare.I slide onto the stool and push it as close to the lab table as possible, hiding the stain.Brittany walks into the room, her sunshine hair falling down the 57 front of her chest, ending in perfect little curls that bounce when she walks.Instead of that perfection turning me on, it makes me want to mess it all up.I wink at her when she glances at me.She huffs and pulls her stool as far away from me as possible.Remembering Mrs.Peterson's zero tolerance rule, I pull my bandanna off and place it in my lap directly over the stain.Then I turn to the pom pom chick sitting next to me."You're gonna have to talk to me at some point. ""So your girlfriend can have a reason to beat me up?No thanks, Alex.I'd rather keep my face the way it is. "33     "I don't have a girlfriend.You want to interview for the position?"I scan her from top to bottom, focusing on the parts she relies on so heavily.She curls her pink frosted top lip and sneers at me."Not on your life. ""Mujer, you wouldn't know what to do with all this testosterone if you had it in your hands. "That's it, Alex.Tease her into wanting you.She'll take the bait.She turns away from me."You're disgusting. ""What if I said we'd make a great couple?""I'd say you were an idiot. "58 CHAPTER 9 Brittany Right after I call Alex an idiot, Mrs.Peterson calls the class to attention."You and your partner will pick a project from this hat," she announces."They are all equally challenging and will require meeting with your partner outside of class. ""What about football?"Colin interjects."No way I'm missing practice. ""Or poms," Darlene chimes in before I can say the same thing."Schoolwork comes first.It's up to you and your partner to find a time that works for both of you," Mrs.Peterson says as she stands in front of our table and holds out the hat."Yo, Mrs.P.  ...is one of them a cure for multiple sclerosis?"Alex asks with his cocky attitude that's setting my nerves on edge.  "'Cause I don't think there's enough time in the school year to complete that project. "I can see that big D on my report card right now.The Northwestern admissions counselor won't care that it was my chemistry partner who wanted to make a joke out of our project.The guy doesn't care about his own life, why should he care about chemistry class?The thought of Alex controlling the grade I receive in this class is 59 overwhelming me.Grades to my parents are a reflection of your worth.Needless to say, a C or D means you're worthless.I reach into the hat and pull out a little white slip of paper.I open it slowly while I bite my lower lip in anticipation.In bold letters I read HAND WARMERS."Hand warmers?"I question.Alex leans over and reads the paper with a confused look on his face."What the fuck are hand warmers?"34     Mrs.Peterson shoots Alex a warning glare."If you'd like to stay after school, I have another blue detention slip on my desk with your name already on it.Now, either ask the question again without using foul language or join me after school. ""That'd be cool to hang with you, Mrs.P. , but I'd rather spend the time studyin' with my chem partner," Alex responds, then has the nerve to wink at Colin, "so I'll rephrase the question.What exactly are hand warmers?""Thermal chemistry, Mr.Fuentes.We use them to warm our hands. "Alex has this big, cocky grin as he turns to me."I'm sure we can find other things to warm. ""I hate you," I say loud enough for Colin and the rest of the class to hear.If I sit here and let him get the best of me, I'll probably hear my mom tsk'ing in my head about reputations meaning everything.I know the class is watching our interaction, even Isabel, who thinks Alex isn't as bad as everyone thinks he is.Can't she see him for what he is, or is she blinded by his chiseled face and popular status among their friends?Alex whispers, "There's a thin line between love and hate.Maybe you're confusing your emotions. "I scoot away from him."I wouldn't bet on it. "60 "I would. "Alex's gaze turns toward the door to the classroom.Through the window, his friend is waving to him.They're probably going to ditch class.Alex grabs his books and stands.Mrs.Peterson turns around."Alex, sit down. ""I got to piss. "The teacher's eyebrows furrow and her hand goes to her hip."Watch your language.And the last time I checked, you don't need your books in order to go to the restroom.Put them back on the lab table. "Alex's lips are tight, but he places the books back on the table."I told you no gang related items in my class," Mrs.Peterson says, staring at the bandanna he's holding in front of him.She holds out her hand."Hand it over. "He glances at the door, then faces Mrs.Peterson."What if I refuse?""Alex, don't test me.Zero tolerance.You want a suspension?"She wiggles her fingers, signaling to hand the bandanna over immediately or else.Scowling, he slowly places the bandanna in her hand.Mrs.Peterson sucks in her breath when she snatches the bandanna from his fingers.I screech, "Ohmygod!"at the sight of the big stain on his crotch.35     The students, one by one, start laughing.Colin laughs the loudest."Don't sweat it, Fuentes.My great grandma has the same problem.Nothing a diaper won't fix. "Now that hits home because at the mention of adult diapers, I immediately think of my sister.Making fun of adults who can't help themselves isn't funny because Shelley is one of those people.61 Alex sports a big, cocky grin and says to Colin, "Your girlfriend couldn't keep her hands out of my pants.She was showin' me a whole new definition of hand warmers, compa. "This time he's gone too far.I stand up, my stool scraping the floor."You wish," I say.Alex is about to say something to me when Mrs.Peterson yells, "Alex!"She clears her throat."Go to the nurse and ...fix yourself.Take your books, because afterward you'll be seeing Dr.Aguirre.I'll meet you in his office with your friends Colin and Brittany. "Alex swipes his books off the table and exits the classroom while I ease back onto my stool.While Mrs.Peterson is trying to calm the rest of the class, I think about my short lived success in avoiding Carmen Sanchez.If she thinks I'm a threat to her relationship with Alex, the rumors that are sure to spread today could prove deadly.62 CHAPTER 10 Alex Oh, this is rich.Peterson and Aguirre on one side of Aguirre's office, Little Miss Perfecta and her dickhead boyfriend on the other ...and me standing by myself.Nobody on my side, that's for sure.Aguirre clears his throat."Alex, this is the second time in two weeks you're in my office. "Yep, that about sums it up.The guy is an absolute genius."Sir," I say, playing the game because I'm sick of Little Miss Perfecta and her boyfriend controlling the entire fucking school."There was a little mishap during lunch involving grease and my pants.Instead of missin' class, I had a friend get me these as a replacement. "I gesture to my current jeans Paco managed to snatch from my house."Mrs.Peterson," I say, turning to my chem teacher, "I wouldn't let a little stain keep me from your brilliant lecture. ""Don't placate me, Alex," Peterson says with a snort."I've had it up to here with your antics," she says, her hand waving above her head.She glares at Brittany and Colin.I think she's going to let them bitch at me until I hear her say, "And don't think you two are any better. "36     Brittany seems stunned at the scolding.Oh, but she was perfectly content watching Mrs.P.  bitch me out.63 "I can't be partners with him," Little Miss Perfecta blurts out.Colin steps forward."She can partner up with me and Darlene. "I almost smile when Mrs.P.'s eyebrows rise so high I think they're about to run up her forehead and never stop."And what makes you two so special you think you can change my class structure?"Go, Peterson!"Nadine, I'll take it from here," Aguirre says to Mrs.P. , then points to a picture of our school framed on the wall.He doesn't let the two north siders answer Mrs.P.'s question before he says, "Our motto at Fairfield High is Diversity Breeds Knowledge, guys.If you ever forget, it's etched into the stones at the front entrance, so the next time you pass by it take a minute to think about what those words mean.Let me assure you as your new principal my goal is to bridge any gap in the school culture that negates that motto. "Okay, so diversity breeds knowledge.But I've also seen it breed hatred and ignorance.I'm not about to taint Aguirre's rosy picture of our motto, because I'm starting to believe our principal actually believes the crap he's spouting."Dr.Aguirre and I are on the same page.In light of that ... "Peterson fires me a fierce look  one so convincing she probably practices it in front of a mirror."Alex, stop goading Brittany. "She fires the same look to the two on the other side of the room."Brittany, stop acting like a diva.And Colin ...I don't even know what you have to do with this. ""I'm her boyfriend. ""I'd appreciate it if you'd keep your relationship out of my classroom. ""But  ," Colin starts.Peterson cuts him off with a wave of her hand."Enough.We're done here and so are all of you. "Colin grabs the diva's hand and they both file out of the room.64 After I walk out of Aguirre's office, Peterson puts a hand on my elbow."Alex?"I stop and look at her.Into her eyes, which have sympathy written all over them.It doesn't sit well in my gut."Yeah?""I see right through you, you know. "I need to wipe that sympathy off her face.The last time a teacher looked at me like that, it was in first grade right after my dad was shot."It's the second week of school, Nadine.You might want to wait a month or two before you make a statement like that. "She chuckles and says, "I haven't been teaching that long, but I've already seen more Alex Fuenteses in my classroom than a lot of teachers will see in a lifetime. "37     "And I thought I was unique. "I put my hands over my heart."You wound me, Nadine. ""You want to make yourself unique, Alex?Finish school and graduate without dropping out. ""That's the plan," I tell her, although I've never admitted it to anyone before.I know my mom wants me to graduate, but we've never discussed it.And, to be honest, I don't know if she actually expects it."I'm told they all say that at first. "She opens her purse and pulls out my bandanna."Don't let your life outside of school dictate your future," she says, getting all serious on me.I shove the bandanna into my back pocket.She has no clue how much my life outside of school leaks into the life I lead inside of school.A redbrick building can't shield me from the outside world.Hell, I couldn't hide in here even if I wanted to."I know what you're gonna say next...if you ever need a friend, Alex, I'm here. ""Wrong.I'm not your friend.If I were, you wouldn't be a gang member.But I've seen your test scores.You're a smart kid who can succeed if you take school seriously. "65 Succeed.Success.It's all relative, now, isn't it?"Can I go to class now?"I ask, because I have no comeback to that.I'm ready to accept that my chem teacher and new principal might not be on my side ...but I'm not sure they're on the other side, either.Kinda blows my theories out of the water."Yeah, go to class, Alex. "I'm still thinking about what Peterson said when I hear her call after me, "And if you call me Nadine again, you'll have the pleasure of getting another detention slip and writing an essay on respect.Remember, I'm not your friend. "As I walk into the hallway, I smile to myself.That woman sure does wield those blue detention slips and threats of essays like weapons.66 CHAPTER 11 Brittany There's only a half hour left in gym.As I change into my gym clothes, I think of what happened in Dr.Aguirre's office.Mrs.Peterson was blaming me as much as she blamed Alex.Alex Fuentes is already ruining my senior year, and it's hardly even begun.As I pull up my gym shorts, the sound of tap tap tapping on the hard cement floor alerts me that I'm not alone in the locker room.I clutch my gym shirt to my chest as Carmen Sanchez comes into view.Oh no."It must be my lucky day," she says, staring me down and looking very much like a cougar ready to attack.Although cougars don't have long, straight brown hair ...they sure do have claws.And Carmen's claws are painted bright red.38     She steps closer.I want to step back.Actually, I want to run.But I don't, mainly because she'd probably follow."You know," she says, her mouth quirked in a wicked grin."I always wondered what color bra Brittany Ellis wore.Pink.How fitting.I bet it was as expensive as your dye job. "67 "You don't want to talk about bras and dye jobs, Carmen," I tell her while I pull my gym shirt over my head.I swallow hard before I add, "You want to kick my ass. ""When a ho moves in on my man, I get territorial. ""I don't want your man, Carmen.I have my own. ""Oh, please.Girls like you want every guy to like them, just so you can have them when you decide you want them. "As she's talking, she's getting more riled up.I'm in trouble."I heard you talkin' shit about me.You think you're all that, Miss High and Mighty.Let's see what you look like with a busted lip and a big, black eye.Would you come to school with a garbage bag over your head?Or would you stay holed up in your big house and never come out?"I look at Carmen as she walks toward me.Really look at her.She knows deep down how much importance I put on controlling the image I portray, while she doesn't care if she's suspended ...or expelled."Answer me!"she yells, then shoves my shoulder.It collides with the locker behind me.I guess I wasn't listening because I don't know what I'm supposed to answer.The consequences of me coming home bruised and having been in a fight are insurmountable.My mom will be furious and blame the entire thing on me for not preventing it from happening.I hope to God she doesn't start talking about sending Shelley away again.When stressful stuff happens, my parents talk about sending Shelley away.As if magically all of the Ellises' external problems will be solved if Shelley disappeared."Don't you think Coach Bautista will come here looking for me?You want to be suspended?"I know, lame questions.But I'm trying to buy time here.She chuckles."You think I give a shit about being suspended?"Not really, but it was worth a try.68 Instead of cowering next to my locker, I stand tall.Carmen tries again to push my shoulder, but this time I manage to swat her arm away.I'm about to get into my first fight.A fight I'm bound to lose.My heart feels like it's going to burst out of my chest.My whole life I've avoided situations like these, but this time I have no choice.I wonder if I can pull the fire alarm to avoid this, like I've seen in the movies.But of course I don't see one of those little red boxes anywhere near me."Carmen, leave her alone. "We both turn to the sound of a girl's voice.It's Isabel.A nonfriend.A nonfriend who just might save my face from getting bashed in.39     "Isa, stay out of my business," Carmen growls.Isabel comes toward us, her dark brown hair in a high ponytail that sways when she walks."No chingues con ella, Carmen. ""Por que no?"Carmen asks."Because you think you're BFFs with blondie here now that you both wave stupid ass pom poms together?"Isa puts her hands on her hips."You're mad at Alex, Carmen.That's why you're acting like a perm. "At the mention of Alex, Carmen goes rigid."Shut up, Isa.You don't know anything. "Carmen turns her fury on Isabel and yells at her in Spanish.Isabel doesn't back off, she stands tall in front of Carmen and spouts Spanish right back at her.Isabel is a short girl and probably weighs less than I do, so I'm shocked she's standing up to Carmen.But she's holding her own.I can tell by the way her words make Carmen back off.Coach Bautista appears behind Carmen."You three having a party and didn't invite the rest of the class?""We were having a little chat," Carmen says, not missing a beat and acting as if we're all friends hanging out."Well, then, I suggest you chat after school instead of during 69 class.Miss Ellis and Miss Avila, join the rest of your classmates in the gym.Miss Sanchez, go to where you're supposed to be. "Carmen points her red painted fingernail at me."Later," she says, then walks out of the locker room, but not before making Isabel move out of the way for her to pass."Thanks," I say softly to Isabel.Her answer is a nod.70 CHAPTER 12 Alex "You almost done with the Honda?It's time to close up," my cousin Enrique says to me.I work at his auto body shop every day after school ...to help my family put food on our table, to get away from the Latino Blood for a few hours, and because I'm damn good at fixing cars.Covered in grease and oil from working on the Civic, I roll out from under the car."It'll be done in a sec. ""Good.The guy's been on my ass to have it fixed for three days now. "I tighten the last bolt and walk over to Enrique as he wipes his dirty hands on a shop cloth."Can I ask you 40     somethin'?""Shoot. ""Can I have a day off next week?There's this chem project at school," I explain, thinking of the topic assigned to us today, "and we're supposed to meet with  " "Peterson's class.Yeah, I remember those days.She's a real hard ass. "My cousin shudders."You had her?"I ask, amused.I wonder if her parents are parole officers.That woman sure likes discipline.71 "How can I forget?You're not a success unless you develop a treatment for a disease or save the earth," Enrique says, doing a pretty decent imitation of Mrs.P."You don't forget a nightmare like Peterson.But I'm sure havin' Brittany Ellis as a partner  " "How'd you know?""Marcus came by and told me 'bout her, says he's in class with you guys.He's jealous you got a hot partner with long legs and big ... "Enrique moves his hands in the air, mock feeling her chest."Well, you know. "Yeah, I know.I shift my weight from one foot to the other."What about takin' time off Thursday?""No hay problema. "Enrique clears his throat."You know, Hector was lookin' for you yesterday. "Hector.Hector Martinez, the guy who runs the Latino Blood from behind the scenes."Sometimes I hate ...you know. ""You're stuck in the Blood," Enrique says."Like the rest of us.Never let Hector hear you question your commitment to the Blood.If he suspects you're disloyal you'll become the enemy so fast your head'll spin.You're a smart kid, Alex.Play it safe. "Enrique is an OG  an Original Gangster  because he'd proven himself to the Latino Blood a long time ago.He paid his dues, so now he can sit back while the younger LB members are on the front lines.According to him, I've just gotten my feet wet and have a long time to go before my friends and I get OG status."Smart?I bet my motorcycle I could get Brittany Ellis to sleep with me," I tell him."Scratch what I said. "Enrique points to me with a smirk on his face."You're a dumbass.And you'll soon be a dumbass without a ride.Girls like that don't look at guys like us. "72 I'm beginning to think he's right.How the hell did I ever think I could lure the very beautiful, very rich, and very white Brittany Ellis into my very poor, very Mexican, and very dark life?Diego Vasquez, a guy from school, was born on the north side of Fairfield.Of course, my friends consider him a white guy even though his skin is darker than mine.They also think Mike Burns, a white guy who lives on the south side, is Mexican even though he doesn't have any Mexican blood in his body.Or Latino blood, for 41     that matter.Yet he's considered one of us.In Fairfield, where you were born defines who you are.A horn beeps loudly in front of the garage.Enrique presses the button to raise the large garage door.Javier Moreno's car screeches inside."Close the door, Enrique," Javier orders breathlessly."La policia are lookin' for us. "My cousin slams his fist on the button again and turns off the lights to the shop."What the hell did you guys do?"Carmen is in the backseat, her eyes bloodshot from either drugs or alcohol; I can't tell which.And she's been messing around with whoever is back there with her, because I know all too well what Carmen looks like when she's been messing around."Raul tried to smoke a Satin Hood," Carmen slurs, sticking her head out of the car window."But he's got lousy aim. "Raul turns to her and yells at her from the front passenger seat, "Puta, you try and shoot a movin' target while Javier's driving. "I roll my eyes as Javier steps out of the car."You dissin' my driving, Raul?"he says.  "'Cause if you are, I have a fist here that I'll ram into your face. "Raul steps out of the car."You want a piece of me, culero?"I step in front of Raul and hold him back."Shit, guys.La policia are right outside. "These are the first words out of Sam, the guy who Carmen must have been with tonight.73 Everyone in the garage ducks as the police shine their flashlights through the windows.I crouch behind a large tool drawer, holding my breath.The last thing I need is attempted murder on my record.I've miraculously avoided getting arrested, but one day my luck is bound to run out.A gang member rarely avoids the cops.Or jail time.Enrique's face shows what he's thinking.He finally saved enough to open this shop, and now four high school punks could ruin his dream if anyone makes a sound.The cops will take my cousin, with his old LB tattoos on the back of his neck, in right along with the rest of us.And he'll be out of business within a week.The door to the shop jiggles.I wince and pray please be locked.The cops give up on the door, then shine their flashlights in the garage again.I wonder who tipped them off  nobody in this neighborhood would narc.A secret code of silence and affiliation keeps families safe.After what seems like forever, the cops drive away."Shit, that was close," Javier says.42     "Too close," Enrique agrees."Wait ten minutes, then get outta here. "Carmen steps out of the car  actually, trips out."Hiya, Alex.I missed you tonight. "My gaze rests on Sam."Yeah, I see how much you missed me. ""Sam?Oh, I don't really like him," she coos, coming close.I can smell the mota radiating off her."I'm waiting for you to come back to me. ""Not gonna happen. ""Is it because of your stupid chemistry partner?"She grabs ray chin, trying to force me to look at her, her long nails digging into my skin.I grab both her wrists and pull them aside, all the time wondering how my tough as nails ex girlfriend turned into a tough as nails bitch."Brittany has nothin' to do with you and me.I hear you've been talkin' shit to her. "74 "Did Isa tell you that?"she asks, her eyes narrowed into slits."Just back off," I say, ignoring her question, "or you'll have a lot more to deal with than a bitter ex boyfriend. ""Are you bitter, Alex?Because you don't act bitter.You act like you don't give a shit. "She's right.After I found her sleeping around, it took me a while to get over it, get over her.I wondered what other guys were giving her that I couldn't."I used to give a shit," I tell her."I don't now. "Carmen slaps me."Fuck you, Alex. ""Lovers' quarrel?"Javier drawls from the hood of the car."Collate," Carmen and I say simultaneously.Carmen whips around, stalks back to the car, and slides into the backseat.I watch as she pulls Sam's head toward her.The sounds of heavy kissing and moaning fill the auto shop.Javier calls out, "Enrique, open the door.We're outta here. "Raul, who'd taken a leak in the bathroom, asks me, "Alex, you comin'?We need you, man.Paco and this Satin Hood are gonna fight at Gilson Park tonight.The Hood never fight fair, you know. "Paco didn't tell me about the fight, probably because he knew I'd try to talk him out of it.Sometimes my best friend gets into situations he can't get out of.And sometimes he exposes me to situations I can't help but get into."I'm in," I say, then jump into the front seat so Raul is stuck in back with the two lovebirds.We slow down a block before we reach the park.The tension in the air is thick, I can feel it in my bones.Where is Paco?Is he getting the shit kicked out of him in the back of an alley?43     It's dark.Shadows move, making my hair stand on end.Everything 75 looks menacing, even the trees blowing in the wind.During the day, Gilson Park resembles any other suburban park ...except for the LB graffiti on the buildings surrounding the park.This is our territory.We've marked it.We're in the Chicago suburbs, ruling our 'hood and the streets that lead here.It's a street war, where other suburban gangs fight us for territory.Three blocks away are mansions and million dollar houses.Right here, in the real world, the street war rages on.The people in the million dollar houses don't even realize a battle is about to begin less than a half mile from their backyards."There he is," I say, pointing to two silhouettes standing a few feet away from the park swings.The streetlights shining on the park are out, but I can tell which one is Paco right away because of his short body and trademark stance resembling that of a wrestler about to start a match.As one silhouette pushes the other, I jump out of the car even though it's still moving.Because walking down the street are five more Hoods.Ready to fight with my best friend, I push away thoughts that this confrontation could end with all of us in the morgue.If I go into a fight with confidence and fire, without thinking of the consequences, I win.If I think too much about it, it'll be my doom.I rush toward Paco and the Satin Hood before the rest of his friends reach them.Paco is putting up a good fight, but the other guy is like a worm, squirming away from Paco's grasp.I roughly grab the Hood's shirt and pull him up, then my fists do the rest.Before he's able to stand and face me, I glare at Paco."I can take him, Alex," Paco says as he wipes blood off his lip."Yeah, but what about them?"I say, my gaze focused on the five Hoods behind him.Now that I have a closer look, I realize these guys are all fresh.New 76 members, full of piss and vinegar and not much else.New members I can take.But new members who pack heat are dangerous.Javier, Carmen, Sam, and Raul stand next to me.I have to admit we're an intimidating bunch, even Carmen.Our homegirl can hold her own in a fight, and her fingernails are downright deadly.The guy I pulled off Paco stands up and points to me."You're dead. ""Listen, enano," I say.Little guys hate when you make fun of their height and I can't resist."Go back to your own turf and leave this shit hole to us. "Enano points to Paco."He stole my steerin' wheel, man. "I look over at Paco, knowing it's just like him to taunt a Satin Hood by stealing something so stupid.When I glance back at Enano, I notice he's now wielding a switchblade in his hand.And he's aiming it right at me.Oh, man.After I fight these Hoods, I'm gonna kill my best friend.44     77 CHAPTER 13 Brittany My chemistry partner hasn't been in school since we received our projects.A week later he finally struts into class.It pisses me off, because no matter how bad my home life is, I come to school."Nice of you to show up," I say."Nice of you to notice," he says as he pulls off his bandanna.Mrs.Peterson walks into class.When she sees Alex, I think she seems relieved.Squaring her shoulders, she says, "I was going to give you a pop quiz today.But instead I'll have you work with your partners in the library.Rough outlines are due in two weeks. "Colin and I hold hands as we walk to the library.Alex is behind us somewhere, talking with his friends in Spanish.Colin squeezes my hand."Wanna get together after practice?"