


She got of the plane and the wall of damp weight that is Texas in August enveloped her, pulled at her like an impatient, weighty child. Made her want to lie down. She had only been gone for two years, but this feeling was a misery intentionally forgotten. She felt weighed down by her luggage, by her disappointment at returning home. She had never intended to return home, to the US, much less Texas. 


Since she was a little girl, she had dreamed to moving to France. In hindsight she was far too young to be dreaming of escaping to foreign lands. She would be Madeleine, she would be College Girl Abroad, she would be that girl from that Tango movie without the dairy. She was going to live a sophisticated, cultured life filled with ballet and art, everything that was the opposite of her small west Texas town. And she would never return.


Her high school boyfriend had laughed at her. People from where they were from stayed where they were from. It was the way of it, the rules of the land. She knew by that first sideways smirk from him that he was not the one for her. She knew after she met Josie that he really wasn’t the one for her.


She had applied for the graduate program in Nice not expecting to be accepted. She’d let her language skills slip. They would know that people where she was from didn’t go France, didn’t go to graduate school. They didn’t even wear necklaces. This drew attention to one’s cleavage and the lord did not care for that. There were many rules about what one was to do and not do in her home town. But the admissions board seemed not to know them. They called within a few weeks to welcome her into a new life.


Flooded with ambition, she had planned it all. Go early. Go to language school. Perhaps train over to Barcelona and go to language school there as well. A girl could learn both French and Spanish in a couple of months, right? And then she would study. She would take the exams that certified her in French for business, she would open that <business here>, she would fall in love, and she would never, ever return to the States. The States that were so archaic. Where football was religion and religion was politics and politics was circus. Where reality television replaced conversation. And southern smiles masked judgement and disapproval.


In hindsight, her expectations may have been slightly unreasonable.


--


She took a cab to her sister’s house. She had sold her car and furniture and almost all of her belongings. She had planned on replacing her american effects with new inherently improved european versions. And so there she was, she thought. Moving home, moving in with her sister -- her sister who had 3 kids and 3 cats  -- with just a couple of suitcases and some stamps in her passport. She exhaled as she watched the flat, desert landscape slide by. It was ugly and beautiful in its barren dry vastness. The land emanated death, but the sky was enormous, full of hope and possibility. The sky was what got you through when you lived here. It saved you every day. The cab driver was talking incessantly. About what, she couldn’t follow. His wife? Her birthday party? Something. It didn’t matter. He didn’t seem to require her participation. Texas. She stared out at her and she stared back in that fierce, unyielding way she remembered.


He dropped her off in the suburban driveway littered with toys and balls and various other brightly colored plastic things. She stood there unable to move toward the door. The bedroom was waiting for her  -- that bedroom  -- the one she had dubbed “the loser sibling room” years before after her sister’s brother in laws rotated one after another “just crashing for a few days, bro.” And now. Now she was crashing for a few days, until she found a job, until she found an apartment, until she found a new purpose, goals, dreams.


The front door opened, through which escaped an excited new puppy, and she barely managed to keep herself from fleeing back after the cab.


 --


The day her resolve broke consisted of a series of nothings. But there were just enough nothings that she couldn’t keep up her good Texas girl “everything’s fine” attitude. The university canceled the language classes they had promised were part of the program  -- annoying. The train workers were striking again and only one train was running in the morning and one in the evening for all the commuters along the cote d’azur  -- frustrating, also exceptionally smelly. And then while she was leaving the station, walking home, trying to shake of the lingering feeling of being cramped in an over stuffed train car while a white haired businessman pretended he had no other place to put his hand in such a crowded place, she stepped into the crosswalk. She saw the cab inching forward. She saw the cab driver see her, and she saw him make the decision to hit her. She toppled onto the hood so that she was looking directly into the drivers expressionless face. As she scrambled back onto her feet, he continued to look at her blankly and drove away. Baffled by this, she shakily walked home trying to dissect the driver’s thoughts, his bullshit behavior, and, for the first time after a year of successful sidewalk landmine navigation, she stepped in dog shit. And not just an errant pile, but her most hated kind, the kind where the dog owner had taken the time to wipe her dog’s hindquarters with paper and then stuck it in the top of the pile afterward. Insult to ruined shoes; ego bruise to assaulted nostrils. After a year of brave facing it, it was this pile of dog excrement that changed everything for her.


 --


 As she unpacked, niece number 3 sat on her bed and in her suitcase and on her leg asking questions. 
Did you like France?
Can you say my name in French?
Did you get that shirt in France?
You were gone too long.
How long are you staying?
What did your room look like in France?
Can I sleep in here with you?
Your hair’s too long.
Can we go swimming?


Technically, they weren’t all questions, but they all required some sort of response or side step and were equally exhausting. But in the good way, she supposed. She was embarrassed to admit that she had missed familiarity and ease, and yes, even (especially) little girl consta-chattering. And at that thought, she let go of her back-in-Texas malaise and tackled niece number three into the cartoonishly large suitcase and threatened to zip her in to the protest of uncontrolled shrieking and heart-happy laughter.


 --


The degree was an accelerated approach consisting of two classes per cycle, five hours a day each. Classes were hard and the group work required after the long day made for tired, cranky students. But they were in the battle together and she was enjoying the camaraderie via massive stress that they had all developed. It was the second cycle in the program. Advanced <thing here> design. The professor was brutal, and toward her it seemed even more so. He made aggressively abrasive comments about Americans regularly, so she assumed her homeland was working against her. She didn’t take it personally. She knew the reputation had been well-earned over the past few years, and being from Texas with the current cartoon cowboy in office was not helping her win over euro hearts and minds. 


He picked on her. He made her take responsibility for her country, and like a good American feminist she fought back. The constant bruising had caused a bit of patriotism to spring in her, and she hated him for it. This was not why she was here. 


After the first test he scheduled office hours to talk about it. She walked in, steeling herself in preparation for the harsh verbal tidal wave that was surely to come, and sat in the chair facing him. And it began. He told her that she was a disappointment. That her grades should be better, they should be perfect. That she was American and she had to set an example for the other students. And what was this? Average effort when she should be the best. She was lazy. She was spoiled. She was arrogant. American schools had made her this way. She expected her grades to be handed to her. She did not know the meaning of hard work. She was from the land of advantage, and anything less than perfect was unacceptable. He was ashamed for her. She would be nothing with work ethic like this. <this is crap. total and complete crap> 


She was shocked. His words … didn’t entirely make sense. She had done okay on the test. She participated in his class, even when he made it intimidating to do so. She was one of the top students. And then Professor Doom softened and told her that he knew what pressure she was under, that his class was hard and that she was unaccustomed to the rigors of a respected european institution. He would help her. He walked around the desk and sat next to her. He had just the plan for how to help.


 --


She threw on her favorite jeans with the hole breaking through in the ass with a t shirt and flip flops and headed to the backyard. Her sister was bbqing in proper welcome home fashion. She hadn’t gotten five steps in before a hamburger was pushed into one hand and a beer into the other. Home. Was this home? This wasn’t supposed to be her home. For decades the plan was dreamed, dollars were saved, and verbs were conjugated.  She started to cry and blamed it on the smoke from the grill. The kids, who are always good for a diversion, unknowingly played their parts well. But her sister saw it in her. She always did and she always knew. Tonight she would break her 30 minutes of TV rule and plop the girls down in front of the latest feature length animated kid zombifier. She would shed the no nonsense PTA persona that she bewilderingly acquired after college. She would open two more beers and she would listen and she would hug and she would understand. And she would feel like home. 


 --


She sat on the floor of her new apartment surrounded by an array of boards and planks and washers and screws and things that looked like screws but didn’t screw they just pushed and then another thing turned and then suddenly everything was locked in place with the sturdiness of steel. The piece of paper in her lap offered mild assistance but she suspected it was mostly mocking her  -- making her follow absurd dance steps that were somewhere somehow being recorded by a clearly sadistic furniture maker. Was this table really worth it? Eating and working on the floor didn’t seem so bad, she thought as she rubbed her sore back and tweaked knee.


She was thankful at least to have something into which she could obsessively pour her attention. She had a date tonight. A date. She had a date. She kept saying this in her head. And occasionally out loud to the table of evil despite that fact that it had little to say on the subject other than occasionally stomping on her toe. This would be her first date since Sabine. And how long had that been? Months? Time had been slipping away so quickly since she’d been back in the States. It was disturbing how looking for a job and going out for drinks could become an entire life.


She met Willa out at a bar one night. They had actually met before but that was before Willa was out. They had been at the same parties and had some friends in common. It was hard not to in this town. In the past Willa had seemed smaller, unhappy, uncertain  -- she always looked like she was hiding behind her clothes, her hair, whatever larger thing she could find to stand next to, melt into. And then she heard that Willa made a grand announcement to all the world, granted this world couldn’t have been less surprised, but still, that’s always a good day. And that first night she saw her out after said grand announcement, the transformation was shocking. Happiness looks good on people, but for Willa it had caused a makeover worthy of a Hollywood makeover special. The new haircut and wardrobe were merely details. It was the standing tall, shoulders back, face to the world, voice strong. It was amazing to see a girl come into her herself.


She had casually mentioned to a friend that Willa looked great. This friend of course mentioned this to Willa within hours. And Willa being a modern girl had in turn proceeded to connect with her over all available sources of social media and then asked her to dinner.


Having her life in disarray and Sabine in the back of her mind … and the front and essentially the full circumference, volume, and surface area of her mind, her gut wanted to say no, to say not yet, to say anything to skirt the issue and skirt her issues. But she had promised herself that for the next year she would always say yes, only say yes, to every and all things. And so she said yes. And then she did the usual things of thinking about which night to go, which jeans to wear, all while all these new inlets of social media were dripping little facts, little phrases, little images of this girl to her. And she was growing to hate her.


Heading to the best sushi restaurant in town, she tried to tell herself that Sabine was the reason for her anxiety and negativity going in, but she knew the truth was that it was the tweet about the whore who dropped the gum she stepped in whereby ruining her entire day  -- nay, entire life. She exhaled and forced a smile. It would be fine. Some people are not great with public expression. Some people are at their best and completely charming over a dinner table with a glass of wine and yellowtail jalapeno roll in hand. This would be that instance. Yes. 


Willa looked amazing. Her smile was bright and open, and she relaxed. She could do this. Yes, she could do this. Dinner went smashingly. Great food, a great glass of wine, and the conversation flowed like they were old friends. They traced the lines of their connections, they knew the same people, they both loved that one bar, running at the lake is the best, right? She lost herself in the initial ease of the night and finally unclenched her non chopstick holding hand. And then the second glass of wine arrived. 


Alcohol is a fascinating thing, she thought. The great social lubricant that puts you at ease, relaxes you, loosens your tongue.  Given her tendency toward shyness, wine was a gift. But for some, there are levels of ease and loosen tongue that should never be reached. It began with the waiter. He had been attentive, friendly, and on his waiterly game all night. And Willa, three sips into said glass of destruction, began to boss him around and be dismissive.
Bring me this. 
Take this now. 
I want. 
Give me. 
I said I wanted that. 
Don’t you think it’s been too long? Don’t you think it should be here by now?


Gross was her exact thought. No --yes. I am doing this because I said I would. Yes. The stories had turned un first date ish. Her mother, her fucking mother. Her ex boyfriend who let her sleep with women. Who she was still kind of seeing (wait --what?) Her mother again. It was clearly time to leave. She really liked this restaurant and she really wanted to be able to come back. With promises of more drinks at the new girl bar in town that she in no way intended to keep, she finally got Willa up and moving toward the door. She could not believe that this was what two drinks looked like on anyone. How did this happen exactly? It was okay, this was all part of the Yes Project. There were going to be these nights. Walking to the door she heard a noise and the vibe of the room changed from din to concerned murmur. She spun around to find Willa face down. Apparently the seam where a rug met the hardwood floor had taken her down. That rug knows what it’s doing, she thought. Note to self: doormats have spent years crafting a reputation only to be secreting a sinister side underneath. She couldn’t help smiling. The evening was heading in a karmic direction.


Given that the evening was heading in a karmic direction, she should have been keeping her thoughts in a more karmic friendly place. She understood that now.


She knew Willa shouldn’t drive, and as she thought longingly of the taxis and subways of the city, she poured Willa into the passenger side of her car. The change of venue seemed to reenergize Willa into a manic party girl. She sighed as she walked around the back of the car. She stopped to gather herself for a moment and think over her options. This evening is on an undivertable path toward being a complete shitshow. I haven’t been invited to one of those in a while. I can either feign sushi sick or I can buy a ticket. What’s it going to be, self?


She climbed in, started the car, and looked at Willa. “They really named that new bar Lips? Seriously. Eventually we are going to give up on subtly entirely and just go with Vag Bar.”


As it was only eight o’clock by this one sided wasted point in the evening, the bar was empty. She always enjoyed that. It may not be the most fashionable hour, but hanging with the bartender was usually entertaining. Last month in San Francisco a bartender told her she’d just quit her job because her boss had said something crass to her in a meeting about on which of her body parts she should sit and in facing which direction. The girl’s sister had made a t shirt out of it. There were pictures. And this bartender promised to live up similarly.


They sat with her in empty bar, listening to her tell her coming out story. She hadn’t known she was gay until she was seventeen and slept with her aunt’s girlfriend. And now she had an arm full of rainbow colored tattoos. Willa had transformed into a drunken party beast by the end of the story attached to the fourth piece of body art. 


Every detail about her carried its own “I’m the drunk girl” banner. She stood/braced herself against the bar, in what was clearly a well practiced pose  --  breasts high, hip jutted out, hand aperch it.  Her lips and teeth dyed a shade of seemingly permanent burgundy. And these merlot lips were pursed in premeditated sexypoutylip face. It was amazing in a high entertainment sort of way. She wanted to watch Willa like a summer blockbuster all night long. She knew she would have to deal with the fallout in a few hours, but in the meantime she pushed that out of her head knowing so many fantastic horrors were about to unfold.


Willa began to get loud and repeat talk. “This is my date. Isn’t she pretty? She looks like gay barbie. I’m on a date with gay barbie. Isn’t she hot?” The couple who had just entered the bar were highly amused and <indulged> her for a while. Yes, her date was hot. Yes, she looked like gay barbie. Through sidelong looks, they assured her that she did not in fact look like gay barbie. During this  she had asked the bartender to start giving Willa club sodas with lime and forgo the vodka. Despite this brilliant plan of barroom subterfuge, Willa seemed to keep getting more and more drunk with each hydrating beverage she threw down. Willa’s audience had fled to safety and silence and thus she was getting the full blast of Willa’s drunken attention/affection/stand up routine. 


“I’m going home with you and you’re taking me now.” And she promptly left the bar and began walking to her apartment. How did she know where I live? It doesn’t matter as she has my bag. She heftily overtipped the nice auntie shagging bartender and trotted out after Willa, mostly fearing she would find her topless and singing in the middle of the street. 


This girl was in her home. And that was okay. That was probably going to be okay. She was rifling through her empty cabinets looking for wine to drink while they watched a movie. She knew that Willa wanted to “watch a movie” but she anticipated a pass out coming any second now. So she clicked through movie options waiting for the next  in her evening to reveal itself. And no sooner had she thought that than she heard Willa on the phone. With her mother. This girl had called her mother on a first date. 


20 minutes later Willa clicked off the phone and said, “That was my mom. She’s so sad. She’s so fucking sad. She expects so much from me. I can’t fix everything. I can’t fix everyone in my life. It’s why I became a therapist but I can’t do it. She’s so fucking sad.” As the heave crying started to set in so did the mix of wine and vodka and she fled to the bathroom and began to vomit. Wine infused sushi. Everywhere. She left the  in the bathroom to retrieve towels from the kitchen. When she returned, Will was sitting on the toilet already talking to her and wrapping things up. 


Good God. Really -- was all she could think before Willa flushed the toilet and came at her with bedroom eyes. She immediately took her into the guest bedroom and tried to tuck her in but Willa was not having it. She bent over the bed as she was turning down the sheets and looked over her shoulder. The pursing had returned. 


“What do you think of my body? Do you think I’m sexy. I think you’re sexy.” Willa asked. And at that moment, she realized that sleeping with this girl was going to be much, much easier than trying to get her to understand the word no. So … Yes?


 ….


She sat on the balcony staring at a book. She had been staring at the same page blanky for 30 minutes, reviewing the night before in her head over and over again. Weirdest sex ever. Did all of that really happen. 


They had tumbled into a tangle of spazzy maneuvers ending in what appeared to be Willa having a seizure which was confusing as that couldn’t have resulted from anything she was doing at the time. But this was not the time to question such things. Willa immediate curled into her arm and began her post orgasm pillow talk.
That was amazing.
That was so great.
Didn’t you think it was great?
How many people have you done that to before me?
I bet you’ve done that to everyone.
Are you just using me?
Are you just using me for my body?
Look at me. My body is all I have. When I lose it what will I have? No one will love me.
Will you love me when I lose my looks?
I’ll be so good to you. I’ll be better to you than anyone else.
I admire you so much. You’re so out there.
Live my dreams. Live the life I wanted. The life I’m too afraid to live.


And on. And on. And bafflingly on. And so much crying. She did the only thing she could. She held her in close and pretended to be asleep.


And now here she was, up since 6:30, completely freaked out in the other room, willing Willa to wake up and get out. She decided to make the noisiest breakfast ever. This failed and so option two was lying. You have to get up. I need to go. I’m keeping my sister’s kids today. If this didn’t work, she was not above faking  --- something? What gets a girl out of your house? Friend emergency? Work emergency? Heart failure? Something.


Willa finally padded out naked and looking pleased with herself. “That was sexy last night. Didn’t you think? I thought it was so hot and sexy. Oh, and sorry about the crying.”


“Yeah, there was a lot of crying. A lot.”


“Yep. Sorry about that.” Willa chirped lightly while she was digging in her bag and pulling out a little sectioned box. “This one is for my anxiety. And this one is for my ADD. And this one is for depression. And this one is a multi vitamin!


Anyway, last night was super fun. My ex bf never let me drink more than 2 drinks, so I loved that we got to be wild.”


“Do you think maybe alcohol reacts badly with your medication? Because there was a lot of crying.”


“Huh. I’ve never thought about that. Maybe! So when are we going to your sister’s house?”


  


She was walking down the Promenade des Anglais gazing out over the pebble beach at the impossibly blue water. They called it a pebble beach, but these were not pebbles. They were fist-sized rocks, small boulders, uncomfortable to lie on without a mattress under you, but it was pretty in its smooth, grey, ankle-twisting way.  She loved to sit and stare out at the horizon for as long as the day would let her. She still couldn’t believe she was really there, working, studying, living just a few blocks from the Côte d'Azur. She had dreamed of this for so many years and here were her dreams before her waiting to be lived. She took it in every day, grateful and full of life wonder.


She’d been sitting on the same bench every afternoon that week. She’d been in Nice about 3 weeks, just trying to settle into a real life. She’d conquered the mundane aspects of expatriation and they had turned out to be exceptionally entertaining. A bank account was granted to her by a banker who oddly seemed to only know phrases involving horses. “Texas! You ride horse, yes? Tout le monde au Texas ride horse, oui?” Oui, je ride horses. (She did not ride horses, but who was she to deny this man his stereotype joy.) Her cell, her mobeel as it would be called for the next stretch, was acquired by means of some sort of improv act where the store’s six employees seemed to know only a few English words each, so through teamwork she managed to sign up for what she was sure was complete rip off of a plan. She ended these days feeling triumphant over the small feats and utterly language deficient. Her fluency at describing the weather or the size and color of household objects was not terribly helpful at the student visa administration office or at bars for that matter. But as she sat on her bench staring at her ocean, she knew that these things would come. She was certain. She was taking classes in town and the university had promised daily classes during the program. Her dreams of casually discussing the book she’d just read or of giving directions to a stranger on the street in French were on their way.


It was after one of these city French classes that she was on her bench reviewing how her future progressive tense needed to improve if she was ever going to ramble on about her life dreams and how everything that Armenian girl in her class said was really racist. She felt guilty for being jealous of her fluency. She wanted to be fluent enough to be offensive. Or funny. But, she thought, you probably offend for quite sometime without meaning to, then you learn how to swear, then perhaps you can become funny. And it was during this not quite logical thought chain that a girl sat down next to her.


Bonjour, tu es Americaine, non? My name is Sabine. I want to meet you.


This sentence. She would remember this sentence forever. Sabine worked in a shop across the promenade and had been watching her bench-based gazing sessions. She had thought she was a crazy person the first week she noticed her and then the second, decided she must be a romantic  -- a poet, a painter, deep in inspired contemplation. And so she sat down to ask. In hindsight, she saw that Sabine wanted to eclipse that view, to become a part of the verse, to be captured on canvas. And if ever there were inspiration for such a thing...


Sabine had dark eyes that looked expertly lined when they were bare. Her face was open and soulful, with a mouth that rested in a softly down turned pout that protruded in that overly muscled way that english speech doesn’t develop. It was easy to feel entranced by her european style of dress, of mannerism, of attitude. She didn’t understand why Sabine was there and immediately didn’t want her to leave.


They walked down to outdoor Chagall exhibit, debating the merits of shine and tile and art and beholders. They were standing in front of an exceptionally rotund figure that was embracing? dancing? wrestling? with another of equal magnitude, when Sabine turned to her, placed a hand on her face, and pulled her in by the waist with the other. I wanted to know what it was like, she said. I heard Americans lack passion. But you burn of need and want and more. You are French on the inside.


She stood dazed, feeling disoriented by the <something something> of this girl reflected so many times over in the mirrored tile of the sculpture. She looked into those eyes and something broke. and wordlessly she grabbed her by the scarf pulling her back into a kiss of magnitude to dwarf the figures behind. 
 
They tumbled into her apartment tipping an unwatered plant and knocking coats off hooks, they found a chair. Sabine pushed her into it, straddled her, and started to peel off her clothes all without lifting her mouth off hers. She slid her hands around and under Sabine pulling her down onto her as hard as she could, her mind blank, her focus was nothing but this, here, now, Sabine. She lifted her up and pushed her into the bedroom, onto her bed, under her, on top of her. She couldn’t get close enough.


They lay in a tangle silently watching the sun dim through the shuttered window and the shadows overtake the room and all memories of life before this moment.


  


Country music had made a hipster-led comeback in Austin. It wasn’t the good timing man, good hearted woman country culture of days past but more of a whiskey drinking, mustache sporting kitsch culture of the generation for which emotional sincerity was a relic. The revival of pearl snaps and pearl beer provided a front of assumed irony for those who had kicked it country in the privacy of their homes and hearts. Now the handlebar moustaches had brought it into the neon light for closet cases and fad followers alike. She wasn’t complaining. A good country song pulled at your heart and made you rethink your life choices like no pop diva or shoe-gazer ever could. She finally didn’t hate a trend.


A new country dive bar opened on the east side of town. Ignoring the fact that bars now opened with dive status, she was looking forward to Two Stepping Tuesday at the <Black Heart Saloon.> The hours she spent online learning to dance in her apartment with an invisible partner were finally going to be test driven, and most likely provide a few belt buckle gripping belly laughs for others.  She didn’t care. Armored up in her tightest jeans, new, embarrassingly unbroken in boots and a slub t shirt, she sauntered in to meet her girls. Because in a country bar one saunters -- unless you are moseying of course. 


The bar was sporting a standard alt country crowd  -- mostly cool kids, a few old rednecks who wore their moustaches with entirely different intention and could show a youtube-trained girl up on the dance floor, and also a few girls in weather inappropriate dresses and shoes of questionable structural integrity. Because those girls are in every bar. Always. The laws of the bar universe decree it. The bar smelled of wood and whiskey as every bar should, but also with a hint of old man tobacco. She smiled.


Bellied up to the bar with her best friend, beer in hand and sobriety-maintained self-consciousness left at the bottom of her glass, she was ready. She handed Jona her drink and her dignity to hold and took in the bar. There was a dance partner in this room that was going to push her around this dance floor, be wowed by her boot scooting prowess, be incredulous that this was her first time in the circling sea of cowboys. Which one was he. 


It did not look promising. Most of the southern tinged hipster boys were holding up the walls, deep in conversation of varying depths. Most of the girls had gaggled and were pushing the limits on their ability to remain upright without swaying. No good there. Old rednecks, she knew they were the objects of her dancing desires. Where was her fifty five year old salt and pepper, good mannered gentleman with wranglers that had weathered decades of real Texas life? He would make her boots sing. 


Where was he? Was it too late? Had she missed her chance while <ratcheting> up her confidence to level beer three, also known as level <“I’m a good dancer”>? 


And then the unexpected happened. She saw him  -- the person she had overlooked: country frat boy. And he saw her. And it was as if she had written this moment in the farce of her happiest imagination. He raised his arm above his head and began to flawlessly execute the invisible lasso move, followed by the invisible roping of the girl, followed by the invisible hand over hand pulling himself in and toward her. And then to her greatest joy he said these magic words: Is it hot in here or is it just you?


Yes he did.


And because the universe was for that moment <on her side in every way>, the band went on break and Dolly Parton flooded the sound system to fill the <void>.


Why’d you come in here looking like --- 
before she could finish that thought, she had leaned into him and onto the floor. 
 ---and your painted on jeans.
He was talking. Talking a lot. But she couldn’t hear him. She was two stepping with a real, live partner. She was wearing her new boots and stepping quick quick ---slow ---slow, quick quick ---slow ---slow.
 ---like a cowgirl’s dream.
She was suddenly thinking this song was too fast. She was shuffling. He was swaying. How drunk was this boy? But she was dancing! She was in Texas, being Texan, and two stepping. Whoa. I got you. She had him. She was dancing. Sort of. They were kind of dancerunshuffling. She was still counting it.
 ---He's got a wanderin' eye and a travelin' mind 
There were a lot of people on the floor. That they were narrowly missing.
Big ideas and a little behind
She burst into laughter at her favorite line and beers and the look of <something something> on this poor boy’s face. And just as Dolly was about to re ask her indignant question, he stumbled and they went down  -- him clawing at and taking her down with him. <fix> <more> He immediately filled with embarrassment and panic, his frat boy pride damaged, his ladies’ man game bruised. To his credit, he asked her if she was okay like a good gentleboy, but this was quickly followed by a near sprint out the front door. 


And she layed in the middle of the floor uncontrollably laughing while the sea continued to swirl and Dolly was almost given a heart attack.


  


I sat on the couch across from her.


 I had fled New York when I found out Donna was cheating again. I had gotten on the next flight to Austin and melted down at my best friends’ house for days. I had flown back the night before and stayed at an overly coiffed hotel whose every corner smelled of lemongrass. I had ordered room service, taken multi-jetted showers which ensured that I too smelled of lemongrass, and then I watched a romantic comedy to remind myself through trite oversimplification that people could find love and happiness if they made the tough decision to break away now and then stood in line at a coffee shop shortly thereafter.  


Early the next morning I walked into my apartment where she was sleeping and sat on the couch staring at the wall while her dog near-seizured with ironic joy at my reappearance. The frantic scuttle of paws on the hardwood roused her, and then we sat  -- she in her pajamas, me smelling of lemongrass.


She began. She had missed me. She didn’t think I was coming back. She had freaked out not knowing what to do. I sat very calmly, listening to the outpour of sadness, remorse, love from this tiny, beautiful girl that had been my life for the past three and a half years. She had been my Donna Disaster. What was an affectionate party girl bar name to her friends had a different meaning to me. The flip side to the super! fun! out! every! night!, dance on bar tops girl that everyone loved  -- and everyone loved  -- was a darkness and lack of consequence awareness that I will never quite wrap my overly analytical mind around. The fear of being alone for even a moment, the need of all of everyone’s attention, the ability to morph into the perfect <object of whomever’s fantasy> at only a moment’s read on them, and the lying. The lying was her greatest skill. It was flawless and committed and virtually undetectable. No one could lie like Donna. She made it a sport, an art. Television show characters dedicated to the practice would have studied her, taught her methods to students, been awed by her.


I sat on the couch across from her. I watched her mouth form these amazing words. I stared at her lips trying to absorb how they could be moving as they were, forming the shapes they formed. How her eyes could hold such sadness and contrition. My brain and heart were numb and the room around her blurred just slightly under the focus on those lips that were spewing the cruel insult of continued untruth, lips on which mine had spent so many nights, aching for a closeness that was impossible to attain. 


She had brought her work computer home. And I had read her email. It was something I thought only the worst of characters did in movies. I still do. I was at my worst at the time, my most confused and anxious without really knowing why. My stomach told me my world was atilt, but my brain couldn’t find the source. And so I opened it and I read.


Watching the end of my relationship, all of my life plans unravel before me on the screen, I felt dazed. I felt my capacity for emotion slip from my ribcage and pool around my feet. I suddenly understood the depth of how effortlessly and resolutely she could lie. She hadn’t cheated; she had another relationship. She had an entire second life. I saw the timeline. I saw that when she wasn’t cheating she abandoned our sex life. During periods of trysts in barroom bathrooms and in lower east side nooks under the pretense of walking the dog, she wanted to have sex with me twice a day. I logged in from my place afar in sequestration. Now that she knew that I knew, I watched her make plans over those three days to transition from me being her public girlfriend to her being her public girlfriend. Who would the shadow girlfriend be next. 


I sat across from her. I watched her craft her story  -- the one that would display her in the most flattering light, the one that would make me feel sympathy for her. But I knew, my ill behavior had shown me the designs that she secreted. I knew when she told me that she couldn’t live without me that she’d been sleeping with her every night that I’d been gone. I knew that when she said she couldn’t imagine not being married to me, that she didn’t know what was wrong with her, and that she was starting therapy to fix herself -- that she would be back on my doorstep when she did to win me back, propose to me, fulfill her promises and our plans  -- that she was about to walk out my door and and move in with her that very afternoon.


Seeing duplicity and absence of empathy of this depth in another person changes you. It shakes your sense of fairness, your belief that good guys will win in the end, and bad guys always get their proper serving of karma. But there is no karma. And you know this. And it changes you.


My eternal childlike clinging to the existence of honest people was shaken. Not because she was the one for me. If I am honest, I was relieved to be free of her. She was unendingly needful  -- she needed attention and fixing and obsessive love <and your conquered soul>. And even the most dedicated caretakers can be broken. I did not miss her. I never wished for her back. This did not do the shaking. My sense of humanity  -- of humans treating each other carefully, with respect and honesty. This has been battered <more here>.


Discussions about infidelity bring out unexpected things in your friends and family. You can see immediately who feels <guilty> and defensive at the sight of your pain, in the presence of something that is so clearly wrong, that has such visible fallout because they cannot imagine that they are like her. People debate situational nuance and justifiable transgression. They stiffen and retreat inwardly, and spout words that are not their own.


I’m better at spotting it now, the overly detailed stories, the <something something> in eye contact. But even if I had had this knowledge and had honed these skills, I never would have seen it. She was exceptional. And about this she was always honest.


  


She was watching the woman over her reader on the subway and thinking, That’s the hair of an emotionally healthy person. Her bun was pulled high and tight leaving her not a strand with which to fidget, twirl, or hide behind. It was the antithesis of the emo hair of trends past. She was all face, all her. She emits confidence and bravery, she thought. I want to be brave, to sport the crown top hair ball of bravery. And that's when she realized that she'd been staring down this woman for far too long, and she realized that the woman had also realized this. Her undisguised brow beginning to furrow as she pushed further behind the shield of woman juggling three kids and guy rapping out loud in headphones.


In an attempt at clever deception, she held strong while flicking only her eyes over the woman’s shoulder to where she’d of course been staring all along. She knew the woman wouldn’t buy it, but she was committed to her lazy rouse at that point. Cringing on the inside at not just owning up with a sheepish, “Ohsorry. Spacing out. Mondays.” and as she had this thought she realized she was verging on doing it again.


A together but casually dressed man was in her new line of stare, and he was smiling at her … on the subway. That never happened.


Suppressing the punchy laughter about being the crazy on the train rising within, she smiled back. Openly. A Texas trained smile on the subway. She never did that.


When the car emptied 3% more at the next stop, he weaved and bent and excuse me’d over to her with a smile of <friendly, non crazy train guy proportions  -- delete>. Hi.


That never happened. 


She looked up into his bespeckled face. She liked the word bespeckled and the openness of his smile, and she decided she would take part in this unprecedented urban experiment. Why not. She never did that. Hi.


I couldn’t stop myself from coming over to mock you for not abandoning that series during book two. Book three was unreadable. Book four was an insult to the use of words. And you’re reading the prequel? By then it was clear that he was just fucking with us.


Bespeckled guy on subway, also books. That never happened.


You are very right, however, if you don’t finish all the books despite their decline into unintelligible garbage, you lose good indignant ranting credibility and mocking material for your jokes in bookish circles and with girls on trains.


She said so many words in a row and they mostly made sense. She never did that.


Hm. You may be right. I am starting to feel better <something something wasting time, subjecting  eyes> to those 2000 words of self righteous pontification. This is my stop. I was on my way to the gym and then home to watch a bad movie, but I’d give all that up if you wanted to walk and talk about bad books instead.


She pushed a strand of hair out of her face and tucked it behind her ear and got of the train three stops early <with a novel spring in her step>.


  


Dinner was taking forever. They had ordered an hour and a full bottle of wine ago. But this was typical in this sunkissed, romantic vacation region of the country. And she was happy sitting across from this wonder. Sabine talked about art, about installations in the city, about the dreadful pseudo  of Nice that was so pale in comparison to her perfect sister city of light. They spoke Frenglish to each other  -- she learning more than she could absorb, Sabine pretending that she had nothing to learn. Her disbelieving mind kept wandering to a bird’s eye view of this perfect   -- her here in this place, with this beautiful girl, speaking French, becoming French.


Sabine was an artist, an art student occasionally, a shop girl full time. <details here>


Sabine sat next to a person at a table, sitting across the table was gauchely impersonal, unintimate. She held hands on the table, she touched faces, fixed hair strands out of place. <fix> And she was enveloped in Sabine’s attention, her complete focus, and the soulquake effect of her touch.


She flagged down the waiter, a heroic feat, and inquired on the food. Dix minutes, he said in that way that made it clear he had forgotten to put it in at all. That was all she needed to hear.


Sabine was mid sentence about something to do with the urban mythologies exhibit at the MAMAC when she grabbed her by the hand and pulled her to the back of the cafe and into a back closet. Pushing stacks of napkins and clothes out of the way, she slammed her against the shelves. Frantic hands and mouths making quick work of the stolen space. Sabine gasped gripping her hair with feral intensity, and then collapsed against the wall, unclenching her hair and pulling her into a kiss. <more>


They floated back to the still plateless table, finishing the dregs of the wine and smiling at each other silently. Sabine slipped out front to make a call. She was stirred from her instant replay day dreaming by the arrival of the food. 


She’d been so deep in happy, amorous thoughts that she hadn’t realized she was still sitting alone at the table and the streets were quiet.


  


On the train, she smiled to see the girl next to her reading Swingers. She didn’t know that movie was based on a book. She stole a peak at the opposite page hoping to glance a “You’re so money” or even just a “bunny” or a “baby”. Apparently Vince Vaughn did not pen a great novel on which his break out role owes its thanks. Also apparently, the phrase “Richard slid into her anus” will never ever leave her branded brain.


  


 She liked her new job. The pay was insulting but the people were smart and enjoyable types with whom to spend her daylight hours. And it was a start --a re start. She had been working, going out, drinking like a Texas girl again, not speaking French, not speaking of France, or dreams or the future. She was here and she was being here with no thought determination. Life was all fun and no fantasy, little feeling. This was needed sometimes, yes?


She got a call from Jen. She had been ceaseless in her harassment lately. Friends were arriving for the weekend from the east coast. One of them liked girls, therefore Jen was certain that fact alone was the recipe for eternal love. She was not interested. Her last round at romance was brutal. Dating was a repulsive thought. She especially did not want to be set up by Jen. Jen was a bar friend. She was single and fun at happy hour but loud, so very loud and lacking in … anything but being single and fun in a bar.


She had blown Jen off for a week. Passivity was becoming her new Texas version of self trademark <fix>. So it should have been properly foreseen when she responded with, “A rodeo? Are you fucking kidding me? I am not going to a rodeo.” Fine, she said. Fine. Listen, I’m just going to send you this girl’s profile. Just for fun, no pressure.


She immediately heard the ding of her phone. She clicked through, saw the first photo, and thought, “Fuck. I cannot fucking believe I’m going to a fucking rodeo.”


She was pretty. Her pictures did not lie.  She saw me , she flushed, and then an intensity set in her smile. I could see it in her eyes. She was locked on her target for the evening.


They had a few rodeo champagnes  -- which until this night were known as cheap, watery beers  -- and did the standard bio swap. She was a Texas girl who had moved to DC, but she stayed true to her country roots and could rock a pair of cowgirl boots and a short skirt in a way that showed urban flare around the edges.


They took a walk to take in the spectacle. They seemed without a destination so she asked D where she wanted to go. I’m trying to find a place to make out with you. That worked its charms. And so within minutes they were making out at a picnic table in a tucked away clearing just down a hill from the main festivities. In proper Texas style, they soon were chased off by stetson topped cowboys. The found their way into a barn, and made out in a horse stall, narrowly escaping the angry urine torrent of the unamused horse before again being chased out and after by still more curious cowboys. Next on to making out on the bleachers behind the barn where an IROC Z drove up, turning its lights on them before our pursuers once again found and chased them. We just want to talk to you about what you were doing! They eventually fled their way back to the F 150 that was their chariot and finally their safe haven for the evening where they could fog up the windows in peace. It was definitely a most bizarre and exhilarating night of comedy. She wouldn’t say romance..


Dea was pretty. She was happy. She was full of energy and excitement for jumping heedlessly into trouble. She was the perfect antidote to the heavy seriousness of her last relationship. Definitely not my type, she thought  -- she was too wild, too much of a party girl, her tastes too pop, her interests non existent. And there was something else, she couldn’t identify. But wow she was fun. There was always a story, always a , always a hangover. The perfect fling. She told everyone it was going to be a very fun month, maybe two.




<come back here>


  


It was the day she learned a shit ton of things about herself, about how he perceived her, about who she is two years in. She'd always thought that she was the good guy. It made her sick to think that she might be the delusional one, the martyr, the one who tells lies to self and circle.


It’s all in your head, he said. You pick the details you want to remember and those you want to throw away. The ones that fit the narrative that you’ve constructed about this relationship. You think you’re the victim and that I don't love you enough. You think I don't put in effort but you gloss over the effort I put in when it’s not convenient to you and to your story. You resent me. You act like you hate me, and who I am. You’re annoyed at me all the time. You take shots at me. So yeah, that knocks me down and maybe I do get distant.


She went numb. Was this really who she was. She’d been her father her entire life and suddenly she was her mother. Or was it suddenly. she hadn’t talked much with Dea. She was a landmine. And with him, she had never talked, never felt safe enough to talk. But what would have been worse  -- demand talking her way into a breakup a year ago or find out that she's become this person now and break up anyway, wasting time and happy moments along the way.


It was brutal to hear but worse to think that it was true. He had made her feel so small along the way, like she was a disappointment, like she would never be half the girl that SHE was. And she had internalized that. She spent the first half of their relationship trying to prove him wrong, to show him how nice and giving and thoughtful and fun and perfect she could be. And he didn’t care about any of that. And so this second part, she had given up, handed over the responsibility of effort and care to him and she had become Unhappy. The big kind. The kind that eclipses rational thought and perspective. And yet she stayed because who wants to end a relationship with the other thinking that you are lame, uncool, difficult. Past loves had never thought such heresies. She was the good one. They had loved her. Some still did. So what was it. She just couldn’t take it that this match brought out the shittiest in her, that she didn't shine. She wanted to shine for him just once, so he would see it. So he could see what her friends saw and loved. And maybe then he wouldn't take this version of her, this description of her with him when they parted. 


Or was this all bullshit. She couldn't tell anymore. and it was just with him, she couldn't sort through what was good and what was bad, what was real, and what was in her head. what he said, what he thought, and what he told others.


He had told his friend that she was lame, frail, never fun, that he wanted to end things the next month, that he did not love her, he only loved his art and his love from a decade before.and now here he was telling her that he was surprised by this talk, that he thought things were fine, that she broke him down and was mean. She wanted to fight him to tell him that his confidant had broken her word to him and clued her into his real thoughts. But she didn't. and now she didn't know how to balance what she had thought of him, what she had substantiated,  his words now which rung so true and made her hate herself and fear who she had turned into so far from the glossy self projection in her head.


 --


I don't want to break each other down. I don't want to pick and nit and crush and accuse and point. I think we both feel similar. That we're good. But we're not quite right. I'd rather us agree to that now and hug and be kindly sad then spend all night doing the “and another thing I hate about you” war dance. I have loved you but we don't have enough love. I want to be someone’s sara. it's making me sad, this stagnation. we're not working toward something bigger than us. i feel like we're passing time and we're not on the same page about where that time should be heading. I don't want to be sad or mad or hurt or lacking or annoying or annoyed anymore. let's be a cliche instead.


  


Never give up and good luck will find you.


  


Sabine had disappeared from two parties, two restaurants, and oddly, one supermarket. She didn’t know what to do with this. She asked her where and why and somehow Sabine eluded her direct questions with misdirection that somehow succeeded every time. The somehow most often involved clothes being removed and knees becoming wobbly and a sudden complete lack of caring for words being said on any topic.


And then they would lie there in the softened afterglow and whisper about the wind and wonder about wonders. They would walk, attached and entangled always. Out for food or wine to take back into her bed. But then she would be gone suddenly. Sabine would ghost into the night or the mid morning, and silence would fill the next few days until her laughter and lips would fill her bedroom for another 30 hours.


She was sitting on her couch welcoming the solitary hours in which to catch up in her classes. Sabine liked to win at the game of attention and school had been the distinct loser. It was worth it, she thought. No one would look at her grades ever again, but Sabine could last a lifetime. Could she? Couldn’t she? 


A knock on her door told her that she should holster her papers now. The knock familiar, the strength of the assertive, the unvarying rhythm. And last time, her drawings had seen demise at the hands of impatient girls and a broken coffee table. She walked to the door, checking herself in the glass of the framed <something>, anxious to see what today’s adventure would hold. She opened the door. Sabine was there. She had brought a friend.


Anais was petite, curvy, and covered in shades of grey. Her clothing combined with dark skin and eyes made her look strong and knowing. 


Bonjour, love, Sabine said as she wandered in and to the kitchen looking for the wine opener.


Anais continued to lurk in the doorway, taking in this new <arrival> location. And she didn’t say anything to her, her <indoctrined> Texas politeness and welcoming ways stayed put in the pit of her stomach. She just watched her.


A few moments more of Anais lingering  appraisal passed before she broken into a small smile. She walked in and closed the door herself, and then turned to face her. With a Bonjour, amie nouvelle, Anais when in for what she thought was the standard southern France greeting kiss but before the slight shift registered, she had gone in for a proper kiss, a kiss of her people and pressed her up against the entryway wall.


She should have panicked. She stood there thinking, I should be panicking. But she didn’t push her away. And within seconds she felt another pair of hands on her waist and lips on her neck, and all thought coherent thoughts slipped out of her head just as her body was being slipped out of her dress.


This <affair> was always tricky business. She had done this before but she had always been the focus. She had spent a week one summer picking up college girls in bars with a friend, but he had just wanted to sleep with her. On a more than one occasion the other girl had gotten up to get water mid tryst. Despite this, he had nicknamed her Tiger because he said she ignored him and pounced on the girl. Poor girls. They were not interested in girls. They loved him. He was beautiful and had reaped the beautiful boy benefits. She supposed she had reaped them as well. Never had she opened up such things within a relationship. This had the possibility of too many fallout what ifs.


But none of this crossed her mind now. Two bodies were pressed against hers, still in the hallway. This was the smart approach  -- all attention on the unexpecting. She would think later  -- when she could think. She had tugged at Anais’ clothing  -- they were loose and easily dismissible. She was pressed up against her straddling her right leg, pressing into her, hand raking down her exposed back as she pulled in closer. Sabine had returned from the kitchen with wine on her lips and with her dress left on the counter. She had never found a need to play coy. She was on her left balancing Anais pressure and intensity with kisses down her face and body, light stroking of of her skin. Slowly and traced her neck, then down the center of her chest, circling her navel and hip bones, the small of her back. She traced and teased. The evening was to be a long one.  


    


She woke in the late evening in the middle of both warm, exhausted bodies. How long had they tumbled? Hours. Many bed shaking, multi climactic hours. Sabine breathed steadily curled in front of her, holding her arms solidly in their <proper> place under her neck and over her chest, how they always slept. And Anais was behind her, lightly touching front to her back. She realized why she had woken. A hand was almost imperceptibly <stroking> her back. Anais sensed she was awake now and that hand began to wander farther and with more pressure. The game playing of earlier behind them, she gently pressed up behind her, leg <slipping> in between hers and hand slipping over her belly and down.


Sabine woke to the sound of her orgasm, smiling she kissed her on the cheek and got up to make coffee.




She was sitting at the latest east Austin brand new dive bar, surrounded by good haircuts and irrationally ill fitting clothing. She hadn’t seen Jae in years. They had been inseparable best friends before she moved abroad. They had worked at the same company after college, had terrorized said company with their hijinx, had had entirely more fun on company hours than business conduct handbooks  would ever allow, and they had always told each other everything. They were each other’s primary counselors in matters of love and lust and ditching that bitch at the bar.


And then she’d moved away for school in a place too far for him to visit. He’d had girlfriends that she didn’t know. Things changed as things tend to do. But now she was back and she was ready to hop back into their best friendship.


So, you’ve been dating this one for a while, yeah? Tell me everything. What’s her story? What’s your story about her story?


He sighed.


Have you ever read the Maltese Falcon? So there’s this guy. And he’s hired to find this other guy who just walked out of his office one day and disappeared. Left his job, his wife, his kids  -- just disappeared.


Okaaaay.


So the detective finds the guy a few years later and asks the guy so why’d you do it? Why’d you leave? The guy had gone out for lunch and a beam had fallen from a construction site almost killing him. So the guy realizes that life is fragile and fleeting and that he hates his life and so he just leaves it all behind.


I know this dream well.


Yeah. Yeah. So the detective asks the guy if he’s happy. Asks him what his life is like now. And the guy says, “Not particularly. I essentially have the same job. I’m married to the same woman. I’ve got the same kids as I did before.”


You’re telling me that you don’t like your new girlfriend?


No. I do. I mean that in the best possible way.


How could that possibly be interpreted as positive, Jae?


I just mean that before you left I had just broken up with Bella and I was going to be this totally new and improved version of myself, you know? Remember? We started going to the gym. We went skydiving. We traded movie nights for hitting on girls in bars. I was going to trade in my introvert hat for a some skinny jeans and a pilot’s license.


Those were fun times.


Of course they were. And now I have a girlfriend again. And I watch movies with her on the couch while wearing my hat.


… 


You’re not saying anything.


I was just thinking that we need to go out and get drunk. What do you say?


I don’t mind a reasonable amount of trouble.


   
   


She walked down the street of her adopted neighborhood, musing on how differently she felt about it now than when she had first moved. Months ago, she had been wondrous, excited even about living here. She had viewed the ultra orthodox community with the arrogant enthusiasm of the culturally ignorant. She saw this now. Of course, it would be different at first, but come on, this is the most diverse city in the world  -- it will be completely normal aside from the dress code. And furthermore, she could win over anyone with her toothy smile and determined friendliness.


She sighed as embarrassment roiled in her cheeks at the thought while she walked fifteen minutes farther to a less intimidating Korean owned grocery store. The Satmar owned store in her building was too stressful. Never before had acquiring kale been such an outing of anxiety and panic. It was always packed with wig topped, gaggle toting women radiating fury at the audacity of jeans, of skin, of sin, of her. The aisles felt like an impossibly narrow obstacle course, dangers wheeling in front of each egg carton and tortilla chip bag. An accidental brush against a woman was insult, against a man was a violation of religious law and a lifetime of vows and practice. To reinforce this, shopping carts were aimed in her direction with the intention of clearing a path bowling pin style. Refusal to speak or ring her groceries by exceptionally orthodox cashiers (she had touched the apples, and thus he would not) flooded her with a confusing shame. She was a good liberal, thus everyone’s practices were to be respected with the utmost reverence. Why did this make her feel this way  -- the stress, the anxiety, the shame of her sex and secular existence.


She attempted to connect with the other employees in the store. The owner had hired a handful of hispanic men to stock and shelve and occasionally work the cash registers. But they spoke little english and her spanish was dreadful. This grocery store was a showcase of her many cultural failures.


She had not adopted this neighborhood. She had invaded it. And she felt it with each hurried step that kept her darting out of the way of the hyperbolically avoidant behavior of the men and the aggressive glowers of the women and children. She had never considered that there existed a gap she couldn’t bridge. Again, she felt shame. She was an intruder. She was unwanted. She was the worst offender of the obtuse inflood.


She broke her fierce staring contest with her shoes and dared a sweep of the faces around her. No hatred today  -- mostly stony gazes looking through her. Then one man looked at her. He looked her in the eyes and held it. He looked at her like she was a person  -- a woman. The way men elsewhere looked at her sometimes, with acknowledgment and open interest. She was jarred and then she cursed for steeling herself against the humans around her as many had against her. She then humbly resolved to reenergize her Rosetta Stone Spanish lessons, readjusted her scarf against the biting March winds, and hurried on to pay far too much for kale.


   
   


She and Sabine were browsing the  artists’ market along the promenade looking at trinkets and bits that ranged from tourist trash to heart filled pieces of personal craft. They were bundled up and wrapped around each other to stay warm. Coffees in hand, sleepy distracted eyes more on each other than the goods for sale, they rounded the corner and headed down the third aisle of artists’ booths. And that’s when she saw him, the professor from her most challenging class. The one who seemed to take issue with americans, who called her out the most, but with whom she seemed to have a handle on battling back. She enjoyed their contentious banter and always left that class feeling like she had made her points and defended her arguments. And she thought he felt that way too.  It seemed as if he had seen her first. His eyes were on her but broke away when she looked up. And then he turned out of sight, away from the fair and down an alleyway that led toward the town center. She shook off her uneasy feeling. It seemed there was something odd in his demeanor. But that would have nothing to do with her. He probably hadn’t seen her at all.


<He had seen her. He had right? That’s why things had changed? She didn’t want to be paranoid,>  but that class, that professor had change. Their debates had gone from good natured, intellectual tete a tetes to harsh core battering assaults. She was wrong. She hadn’t understood the material. Her world view was naive, skewed, uninformed. He had not found it amusing when she had pointed out that she was in school precisely to inform that world view. He had not only found in unamusing, he had been furious, turned beet red, assigned the class an project. She pitied the classmates who would be forced to team up with her. They were doomed. What had happened? Had she offended him? Her most stimulating class had turned into a war zone, with her as the <enemy>. 


America, what do you have to say about this work?


Well, I think that the author--


The author? Name please. Are you even prepared.


I think that Metier presents the central protagonist as a mouthpiece for his belie--


“Presents the protagonist?” “Mouthpiece”  Where is your soul? You speak like a machine. This is a creation of art. Speak of it with the respect it deserves. Luc, perhaps you can do better?


So had given up trying to let it blow over. Their verbal sparring had been replaced with petulance that defied logic. The other students in the class were equally as confused by the irrationality of the display. They could only assume there was a reason for it to which they were not privy and kept their distance. But she, the new class pariah, knew that there was nothing else to know. She was just as confused as they. Except she was also taking home the grades that went along with this classroom theater of the insane.


She had tried to schedule a meeting during his office hours and he had been too busy or had meetings or just walked away from her. She kept thinking, This is a professor. This is my teacher. And my teacher is avoiding me. Mostly she just thought, What the fuck. She decided there was nothing she could do but keep her head down, swallow the F that was inevitably coming her way, and take the class again next section from another professor, preferably Mme. Mannelle. She was 70 years old and hopefully beyond a point of getting mad at students.


And because sometimes the universe likes to amuse itself by playing out like a movie, the day following her decision to take all this to a <zen> place, he held her after class and informed her that she was to come to his office that evening after school to discuss her performance. She was failing. He was going to yell at her. At least there would be no audience to add public humiliation to her personal humiliation.


She arrived after French Modernists class, her final one of the day. His door was closed and so to continue on with the “i’m in a movie” feeling she stood outside of it just staring. She knew the moment she knocked the abuse would begin and the anterior lobby was feeling like the hug before the storm in that moment. She knocked. He barked. And she entered.


She was sitting at his desk. It was difficult to look imposing in an office filled with modern furniture. A futuristic red chair behind a <stick like> thin eames desk did not hold quite the authority of a big leather chair behind a heavy grandfatherly bureau of decades past. He gestured the simple shaker chair facing him and waited.


She had decided on the walk over that he was unstable. He was clearly going through something in his personal life, maybe his marriage was in trouble, maybe his position as the university was being reviewed, whatever it was, it wasn’t about her. He was unstable. She had become the misplaced focus of his crazy pants ire because she was outspoken. And the way to deal with this was to keep her mouth shut, take it, and try to escape this class with a C. And if not, there was always grandmere Mannelle. Everything would be okay. This was not about her.


This was entirely about her.
He looked at her steadily for a full moment. She could see the color rise in his face while he just stared at her. When the color in his face reached its peak he began to yell. It started with her work in class -- she was arrogant, she was not working hard, she had thought she could charm him and win her grades rather than earn them. And then it got personal. She was american. She was haughty with her contributions, with her clothing, with her behavior, her jokes. Why so many jokes. Was she there to perform or to learn? To become something better than the uncultured country rat that she was.


He was brutal. And he was enjoying it. She wished she couldn’t see how much he was enjoying it. The rant seemed to provide him some sort of  catharsis. His face took on less of a vegetable like color the longer he unburdened his anger at her, until he became actually calm. And again he just looked at her. And she just looked back, too stunned to speak. Ten minutes prior she had begun to defend herself but the rage in his voice was quick to shut her up and reconsider. She was afraid he would strike her and was okay with letting crazy be crazy if it meant walking out of her unbruised.


I’m sorry. I have been harsh with you.


She looked up again into his face.


You started as my most promising student and I take this very personally. You have potential and you have let me down. I won’t allow it. It is, as I said, personal to me that my students succeed. Especially the bright ones. This would be the most offensive of failures if I let you fail.


She was trying to absorb this change in tone. He was sounding noble but how had she failed him so terribly?


He walked around his anemic desk and sat on the chair next to her.


It is true you should be having a cultural experience here was well, but your academic experience is more important. You are unfocused. You are going out too much, studying too little. Your work is atrocious. You must make the choice to being your heart back here to your work. I am going to help you. Or you will fail.


He had his hand on her shoulder, looking at her with a confusing intensity. He was searching for something in her face. She remained silent, waiting for something she didn’t quite understand what.


<I cannot let you fail. It would be my failure. I have a plan for you. And if you do not commit, do not follow you will fail, and then what will you have? You will return to Texas? To the your small town void of culture, void of art? Will you work at a chain restaurant or a department store like your friends who never left? You will listen to me. I have a plan for you.> (rewrite, reword>


His hand slid from her shoulder to her face. He looked at her for a moment, still with uncomfortable intensity. Then he brought his other hand to her face and pulled her into a kiss. In her shock, her mind filled with static and she kissed him back.


  
  


<The next few weeks were a confusing blur.> She wasn’t sure what had happened, what was happening. <why it was happening?> She went to class. He berated her. He had begun to berate everyone to be fair, but she seemed to receive special berating attention. She hoped at least that she was slightly less singled out now. And as students began to fear becoming targets themselves, they looked at her less, noticed her less. Somehow she was still marked though and it was like they instinctually knew to stay away from her. Though now perhaps everyone was just keeping to themselves. You never knew who else would be a target and therefore no allies were safe. For the best. No allies, no allied gossip. Or so she told herself.


She had tutoring sessions with him. They often kept to a similar script. She arrived. He started with a speech about all the subtleties in the writings she had missed, all the deeper meanings in the art that everyone missed but she should not have. This speech was followed by instruction, lecture, a second class just for her. And in these times, she lost herself in her passion for her studies, for this. This was why she had come here. For an hour, maybe two she would get a private lesson. It felt intensely secret and <special>. She wasn’t just studying for tests and degrees, she was learning what the masters thought of the masters. She never took notes. She listened, asked questions and more questions, debated, shouted, and she could not get enough. This education was <from a deeper perhaps darker place that she could not have dreamed of.> And then as the script progressed, usually in the middle of an impassioned argument or sometimes during an obscure question, he would get that look and come at her. Sometimes while he was screaming at the insanity of being unable to teach a specific piece or tearing up a the beauty of a passage, she would come at him.


Today he was telling her about <some shite here> sitting across from her. He has said something absurd. She had told him that he was inventing symbolism and hidden rhetoric where there was none. He proceeded to prove her wrong, pull phrases out of simple descriptions and match them to wartime propaganda speeches from the area, show her how seemingly banal descriptions of <banal> items in certain s matched iconic posters, iconic images, iconic paintings. The author had written subversive pieces that the government had missed. And so had she. She marveled at his wit, his brilliance, and also at his ability to have her here now and somehow she wanted to be here, wanted to be here learning these things forever. she was spending all of her time at university, in the libraries, validating his lessons. She wanted to follow his plan for her. 


He grabbed the back of her head and kissed her. She climbed to the floor and knelt in front of him, her arms sliding up his thighs. He grabbed her under her arms and lifted her onto his lap, straddling him and kissed her hard pulling her as close as possible pressing her into him, his hands dragging down her back and onto her hips. <He kissed her forever.> He kept kissing her, not letting her face ever leave his. He stripped her of her sweater and tank in one motion, hands touching every inch of her body. Her skirt was already pushed up around her waist, her boots wrapped around the chair legs pulling herself down and toward him as if she couldn’t get close enough. She clawed at his clothes in return but he pushed her hands away by grabbing them, intertwining his fingers with hers, pulling them back around his neck. Kissing. He wanted more kissing, more her body pressed against him. He was endlessly patient and it made her endlessly impatient<, it made all of this her idea.>


He stroked her back with deep pressure then brought them around to her breasts. He pulled off her bra and broke his face from hers for only a moment to pay them proper attention at being unveiled. Then more kissing, his hands caressing her, gently squeezing her nipples, then wrapping his arms back around her and down and pulling her roughly onto him. 


She was losing her mind, squirming and rocking on him, when he picked her up, wrapping her legs behind his back. He cleared the <items> on his desk with one hand and laid her down on the edge. Slowly <they came together> and then he shoved her further on the desk and climbed on top of her. Him never losing his professorial strength and control, her focusing solely on not releasing the <screams> that were building inside her.  


What a fucking cliche I am, she thought on the train back to her apartment. Then she thought about how much studying she had ahead to be prepared for the next day’s class.
  
  


She and Sabine had been fighting. Above all other things, Sabine wanted her attention and in the past few weeks, her attention had been on her studies, on other things. But their relationship had shifted before this, or so she told herself. That evening with Anais had ended with Sabine getting up, making coffee, kissing her goodbye. and leaving with a promise to call later. Which of course she didn’t. She disappeared for a week and a half, like she usually did, although this was longer than her usual. And when she appeared, and she always just appeared, she sat down next to her at the cafe they had made their own, and kissed her and promptly started to fight with her. 


Do you fuck Anais after I left?


Did I fuck the girl that you brought over specifically to fuck after you left from fucking us both? No, Sabine, I did not.


And so the nonsensical argument began. And it ended as they always did, with her naked -- this time in the cafe bathroom. Again. She felt sorry for the cafe owners. They had to know and be repulsed. Either that or they knew and had installed a camera. She never seemed to care at the time, only <fretted> about it later.


They walked home hand in hand, still tense. She didn’t know what that fight was about but it seemed misplaced. Sabine was not one to care about anything really, but especially such “pedestrian concerns” as she called them. They made it home and slept together again, but this time it was slow and sweet and savoring, a kind they had never had before -- much different from their usual frenzy and fever. Sabine even stayed the night, another first. 


She woke to the click of the door in the morning. Sabine had stayed but she had still escaped unseen. She smiled at her need to appear a mystery at all times. But to her surprise she found pastry and coffee both steaming in the kitchen with a note saying she would see her soon and signed it with love. Wonders and their never ceasing, she thought.


  


But that thought of course was silly. She should have known it at the time. Her head should have ached from the piercing strike of a flash of obvious <foreshadowing>.


After two weeks of an absent Sabine, she went to her shop. She worked on Tuesdays -- mostly, when she felt like, and so she had gambled. The store was empty as it was the time of day that everything shut down for two to three hours. She had expected the shop to be closed but with Sabine sketching at the counter. But the door was unlocked and the shop was empty and of course to no one’s great surprise Sabine was in the back, underneath Anais.


A transition threesome? Were those a thing? She tried to feel indignant but couldn’t muster the righteousness. This was Sabine. She was … Sabine. She loved her for her spirit and wasn’t this just more spirit. No it was something else. A revenge fuck for one that hadn’t happened. She could see it in Sabine’s eyes, alive and proud of herself. This is where you’ve been, what you’ve been doing instead of paying attention to me. And now, I have returned the favor.


Oh. She got it now. And she had no idea what to do with it. The thing was that Sabine wasn’t hurt. She wasn’t jealous. She wasn’t feeling betrayed. She just wanted to win. And she was currently feeling like she had lost her attention and would not have such a thing. And thus, this. She wondered exactly how busy Sabine had been over the past two weeks and how much of it would crop up in the very near future. For Sabine never did anything without the intention that it hang in a gallery for an audience.


Anais, swept up her clothes with one hand, silently kissed Sabine on the cheek, walked toward her standing in the door frame. She kissed her on the mouth and kept walking, while slipping into her dress before she hit the outer front door as if she did this sort of thing every day.


Well. That should clear that up.


  
  


It was her first birthday, first reason to celebrate anything since she'd been back in Texas. She wanted to let it pass by unnoticed. She wanted to cancel her birthday this year. Birthdays were a time for taking stock of what had accomplished over one's life -- or at least over the past year. And it was a time to scheme over the upcoming year -- what improvements to make, what goals to set, what dreams to chase. She had left her goals on the pebbled beach among all the other <fast sinking rocks>. So thinking about the past year -- her final months in Europe, her most recent months here back home, the fact that she kept calling this place home. These were not happy thoughts.


So it was with these pathetic wistful thoughts that she climbed into her car to head to Jona's house. Her best friends were throwing her a party. Because of course they were. These thoughtful considerate people were throwing a party for her to make her feel happy and loved, and she was sulking and complaining. Perhaps she had not left behind all she had learned in France, she thought. She started the car, turned on some “you can't listen to this and not feel happy” music, and headed toward this party where she would smile, and answer "how'd say this in French?", and smile some more.


She was not prepared. They had decided to throw her a party in a proper "welcome back to Texas" fashion. Texas themed, was inadequate to describe the . It was as if every Texas stereotype had exploded in a single house. And it was the most amazing thing she had ever seen. There was queso and pigs in a blanket. There were jugs of whiskey cocktails actually marked with an XXX on the front. People were dressed as cowboys and sheriffs and bandits and there was actually a couple in a two-person horse costume. How had they pulled this together? She was just about to freak out about the <amazing> sight of one girl lassoing another, when she saw it. In the back yard was a mechanical bull. They had rented a mechanical bull. She was really truly seeing a mechanical bull, and struggling to stay on top of it was her straight-laced <mommytime> sister wearing an enormous foam cowboy hat and holding a toy pistol.


She almost passed out from the wave of happiness knocking all the ennui out of and as far from her as it could be knocked. She downed a Texas Tea and made her way through all the hugs and well-wishes to try her luck on the electronic beast. She stopped half the way there. She was going to need that lasso for this.


---


She was standing near the beast after he had beaten her for the third time, talking to the wranglers. 


So, this must be a crazy job. Having to work around a bunch of drunk idiots all the time seems like it would be really annoying.


No way. I have the best job in the entire world. I show up. I bring something everyone's excited about. And then people have the time of their lives. I'm always at celebrations or positive events. EVeryone is always nice, always having fun, always offering me drinks -- thank you, by the way. I really love. SEriously.


And she believed him. She loved his attitude. And she loved that he had helped make her birthday absurd. Maybe this night was a little French after all?


She strolled inside to chat with the late night stayers. A friend from California had flown in to surprise her. How was she so lucky? She dipped a blanketed pick in a the melted processed cheese food and couldn't help but smile at all the cut out cactuses and and toy guns and the surplus of cowboy hats strewn about. The pile of boots had grown over the past few hours and the cast of whiskey soaked couch crashers was starting to assemble.


She decided it was time. She needed to let everyone one that she was an asshole and had been an asshole for months. She wanted everyone to know that she appreciated them for who they were and everything they did for each other. She crossed the room to the stereo and made hip-hop station come to a party foul stop. And in a very loud, slightly slurring voice she said, Excuse me? Everyone? I think it's time. And she put on "All my exes live in Texas/I've got friends in low places/anything else?" grabbed the girl standing nearest to her and pushed her into a very sloppy two-step around the living room floor.


  
  


She hadn't spoken French in a year. When she traveled with her family to Canada, she wouldn't do it. When her niece begged her, she wouldn't do it. When anyone's French friend visited, she acted like she never learned a word of it. It was too associated with dreams from her past. 


She had new dreams now. Sort of, she guessed. Okay she didn't have new dreams 


But she missed it. Occasionally, she watched old French movies and tried to ignore the subtitles. Usually they were dirty movies, so ignoring the subtitles was not so difficult. And it was slipping. She didn't understand as much as she used to. Her vocabulary was slipping. She'd decided to start studying Spanish instead. She was in Texas after all. It was supposed to be similar. How hard could it be? And maybe it would satisfy this life goal left abandoned. How was it that she didn't speak another language, didn't speak 4 other languages. She'd always hated that about american education. She was going to be different. And now look. She had there half-assing Rosetta Stone Spanish. She had started dating a Venezuelan girl. But she hadn't even told her she was studying Spanish. What was she going to do? Wow her with the fact that she could say La bicicletta es roja and la fleur es peguinia? That would most certainly impress her and be the thing that moved them past their complete inability to laugh at the same joke or discuss a topic without fighting. It was too bad. She was a smart girl, but combative. And what brought Venezuela joy felt like work to her. And what made her happy felt like work to Venezuela. She was not sure why they were still seeing each other. She thought it was because they had so much conflict when talking about where to eat dinner that bringing up actual conflict might result in actual fire and property damage.


But she would deal with that next week. This week: action verbs! 


Her friend Joana spoke Spanish. Maybe they could have Spanish nights? Except she was hesitant to speak Spanish too openly. Her current boyfriend was Mexican and did not speak a word. She didn't want to make him feel self conscious. But maybe they could learn together? Make tacos and talk cervezas? oh god her life had gotten boring and aimless.
She looked around the coffee shop. It had become her new brooding ground. The door was marked with a no guns sign. All establishments that you would actually consider entering should you wish to exit in one place had them. It was the new sticker. No shirt, No shoes, No service glued right next to No Guns. The concealed handgun law had passed and now you had to explicitly state if you wished your patrons to be unarmed. How was that the default? She wondered if it were the other way around if there would be more or fewer "Firearms welcome here!” stickers. Last week the governor had shot a dog while running. Because he runs with a handgun. The governor goes for jogs with a gun. And he shot a dog -- a poor dog that did not approach him but that looked like a coyote from a distance. Apparently shooting coyotes is totally fine.


Where was she living? The state government was convening yet again in an attempt to make abortion illegal. Politicians the year before a successfully whitened up the history books. Church was being unseparated from State. She was unsure how they had violated so many laws of the universe, but time was definitely moving backward in the great state of Texas. This was why she left.


And then she shuddered. She left to go someplace more enlightened, to be someone more enlightened. Was she more enlightened? No. She was cynical. She was cynical and cranky and that was possibly worse. She wasn't going to join a group or volunteer her time, she was going to sit in this coffee shop and complain. She hated herself. The most unpleasant people in the world behaved in this way. They hated. They complained. They did nothing.


It was time to make a change. 


What was that change going to be? Could she really be happy here? There was a lot of good -- mostly in the form 
of people. And weren't people the point? They were good. And with a serious fucking soul make over she could be good too.


She would babysit the girls more. She would volunteer. She would learn to garden. Happy people gardened, didn't they? She would work out more. Endorphins made people happy. They made people energetic and excited about life -- and made them sleep better. She take classes -- painting, French --No, not French. She wasn't ready for that. Painting, pottery. Some other bullshit. 


Oh god. What was she doing? If she joined a meetup group she was going to kill herself. She wasn't this person and pottery wasn't going to make her happy. What would Professor say? What would Sabine say? Jesus, if they could see her now, hear the positive, self-help bullshit in her head. Why had she bottomed out so badly. France has bled her out. She knew it. She didn't know how to get back to where she was. Pottery? What the fuck. Those places in strip malls were why she was feeling this way, who could she think they'd snap her out. Just imagine sitting next to some positive 24 year old mother of three children making deformed flower vases? No it was time to stop hiding behind the beer and the queso. She could be nothing here forever. She could glaze over her life and watch it all pass by behind a haze of brown lagers and nachos. hadn't that been what she'd been doing? she just keep doing it.
 


<yeah, self? just delete this entire section. this is completely gross and a direct result of trying to hit a word count after falling severely behind. don't do that again. this is horrifying and makes no sense and gross. really gross.>


  
  


i was walking home from a disappointing night out in nashville. i had been certain that i would run out of time to see it all. I had imagined sauntering bar to bar listening to old men play old country at every stop, my heart swelling with every lyric of a broken man or a good woman, my cheeks tear-streaked from the soulful heart-pourings of prairie-hardened men. in reality the section of town to which i had been directed was bourbon street gone country -- in too many cases gone 80s cock rock. the drunken sartorially-challenged gorillas stumbling about even sported the sequined hats and beads of mardi gras colors for some reason. it was september. and it broke my unswollen heart.


so back i strolled enjoying the night. i walked up behind two men on a street corner. one was probably the drunkest man in the world. the other, i’d say he ranked around 4th drunkest. they were not-so-slightly swaying from the night’s revelries. the drunkest man in the world looked up and his eyes went round. Hi. What’s your name? You’re pretty. I want to hold your hand. Can I hold your hand? i was particularly amused by this boy. i think it was his absurd level of intoxication, that drunkenness brought out the sweetie-pie romantic in him, and that i could probably knock him over with an unstable thought. at this point drunkest’s friend decided to be my shining knight, my protector, the self-appointed savior of my night and virtue.


exaggeratedly aghast, he pulled his friend away Dude, stop it. I’m sorry ma’am. My friend has had a little too much to drink tonight. We’re from Detroit. it’s okay. it’s fine. looks like you guys had a great night. i walked on amused, possibly enjoying that i wouldn’t be leaving the this legendary town without human interaction after all.


they continue their wobble home behind me. 
Dude. Dude. But I just want to talk to her, you know? I mean, look at her ass. I just want to touch it.
Dude! Stop it. You cannot touch her.
But just look at it. Isn’t that a great ass. Admit it. It is
It is. But you can’t touch her. Leave her alone.
But i want to touch it. I want to touch it so bad.


i was trying really hard to not huge-smile at this amazingly self-esteem boosting conversation, when drunkest boy decided to make a run for it. it being my ass. he broke away from fourth drunkest’s  grasp on his arm and made a running lunge -- or more like staggering forward somewhat-reaching motion -- at my backside. The drunkard universe was not on his side and his flailing hand missed its mark. fourth drunkest pulled him away. Dude! What are you doing?! You cannot touch her! I’m so sorry, ma’am. He’s harmless. I’m so sorry. I’ll keep him in line. It’s fine, really.


again i resumed my entertaining walk toward the hotel. drunkenness was hilarious in this harmless, puppy dog moony form. drunkest could not quit his mission. he made another running attempt at me, again missing, and almost going down because of the momentum of his swinging ass-grabber. again, fourth, with a great show of chivalrous horror, pulled him away. an argument about the quality of my ass and its touchability ensued. i was swallowing my laughter with all my energy.


then the point arrived that sadly always does. fourth, frustrated with Drunkest’s behavior and refusal to listen to knightly instruction, pushed him into a city planter. anger finally flared in drunkest and he launched himself at his friend. he swung the first punch. and missed. completely. fourth then swung back. and missed. after four non-connecting punches they resorted to tackling with more success. they went down to the sidewalk and sloppy, whiskey-weak wrestling began. 


i fought the urge to stay and watch this play out. i  really wanted to see the final  where they realize neither of them have a fight in them and that they are laying on the sidewalk in the middle of nashville, tennessee -- and hopefully laugh? but as i seemed to be the feather that set off the trigger of this little theater, i chose to walk away. 


i headed to my hotel bar rather than my room. nashville had turned out to be entertaining after all and i was suddenly  up for another act.


  
  


<eval order> She woke up to her alarm in a panic. She had been holed up in one of the few houses that were still standing. There were others with her, a survival team. But she was the leader and she was responsible for all of them. They had boarded up the house and and it was holding, but they were running out of food and they had to go out into the word. She wasn't sure what was out there in the apocalyptic world -- other survivors were usually dangerous, and zombies -- there were almost always zombies. But whatever was out there, it was always trying to kill her, kill them.


They went out to forage for food and friendly survivors and made their way to a house that looked completely untouched by the devastation around them. Something was wrong in this house. They had to investigate. They broke in entirely too easily. At first glance, the home looked like any other pre-disaster suburban home with old style carpeting and big furniture reminiscent of the comforts of old.


A team member found it first, just one door and then many. The walls slid apart to reveal tunnels -- but not of the dirt and rock to cave variety that they had dug as means of back up escape. These looked like the insides of a space carrier, tech they had never seen. These hallways glowed with electricity the rest of the world hadn't seen in a year. As they were about to enter, they saw the first child. He was four.


They were shocked. Most children hadn't survived. And then many children emerged from hidden places. The oldest was ten and the others ranged in age all the way down to the baby they hadn't seen sleeping in a nook in the living room. Their instinct immediately kicked in. Children? We have to save them. They're just children.


But. What was off about this, about them. They all wore the same face -- not similar, the exact same. And suddenly they knew exactly where they were. He was cloning himself. He was building an army of men with his face -- with his brain, the brain that wrought all the devastation the world now bore.


buzz, buzz, buzz. Fuck, she hated alarms. Wouldn't the world be a better place if alarms didn't exist, if people went to work when they woke up, when <apocolyptic wartime rescue missions> were allowed to play out to their conclusion?


She lay there gathering herself. She wasn't sure if it was the contrast of the badass sci-fi humanity saving version of her dream self against actual beer-drinking "just hangin’ out man" actual version of herself, but <change was afoot/ she was ready blah blah something less lame here>.


---


She was moving. She didn't know where or how but she was going. she had to get out of Texas. She didn't fit and it made her lazy. She had fun in this state but she didn't have goals. She decided she would try out different cities. She made a list. She bought travel guides of each. She had a plan.


Denver was first. A friend from high school was there, so she had a place to stay. She had an interview with a graduate program dean. She had apartments picked out to visit. She had a plan.


She was going through security in the Austin airport when she was pulled aside for the random thorough search. No big deal. This happened occasionally. The pat down when smoothly like it always did. she regathered her shoes and the agent performed the swab test on her carry on back pack. He was calmly explaining to her that they were testing for explosive residue so she had nothing to worry about. When suddenly she had something to worry about. The machine beeped and flashed. The agent wrinkled his brow and performed the test again. He had that }this can't be right} look on his face that she knew did not come from a good place but she was feeling like working the system at the moment. He swabbed a third time and she swore the machine beeped louder and flashed brighter with impatience. He finally looked at her and sighed and let her go. But not before telling her that she had automatically been put on a watch list by the machine. She would be fully searched by TSA agents every time she flew for the next year. Every. Single. Time. She was running late and so she rushed on hoping that he was exaggerating and wondering where she could buy a new back pack in Denver.


She got off the plane in the wide open plains of Denver with its barren beauty. She liked this town. It was a city but still so close to nature, to the mountains, to rivers and lakes and hiking and skiing. Who wouldn't like it here. Plus it was so dry that her hair looked amazing. Not a frizzed hair in sight. She  smiled out at the rocky mountains in the distance pulling her rental car out onto the highway into town. 


Cats. Holy hell, Abby had so many cats. How did she not know this. She was so allergic. Plus cats were mean and they were always out to get her. She ignored them and they loved her for it. They were just like girls that way. They knew she didn't want anything to do with them so they spent all their energy trying to crawl into her lap and wrap around her neck. Abbs seemed completely unphased by her red streaked swollen eyes and snotty nose to rival any four year old. She saw and didn't care and bounced into her bed room for the night closing her door and leaving her cats on the other side with her on the couch. And that night in between the seven total minutes of sleep she got, she learned that cats really, really like to sleep on faces. Denver was pissing her off.


She got up upsettingly early and tried to shower the dander off her body. First stop was definitely going to be the drug store. She stayed in the gloriously cat-free bathroom for as long as she could drag it out. Her nose wouldn't stop bleeding. Denver was so dry. She slathered the inside of her nostrils with neosporin to try to calm her angry nose down. This was not mixing so well with the allergy snot fest, but it was either this or shove cotton balls up her nose for the interview.


She was driving down the stretch of road connecting Abby's way out apartment complex to the rest of Denver civilization when she realized why the car had been pulling to the left the day before. A flat tire. She couldn't fucking believe she had a flat tire. She pulled to the side of the road, looked around for the hidden cameras, and then got to work staring at the sad, torn up back tire. How had they let her drive off the lot with this thing.


Like any self-respecting girl who fancies herself wonderwoman, she took a deep breath, rolled up the sleeves of her interview-appropriate button down shirt, and started to read the owner's manual. And on this day she learned that those things actually work. 20 minutes later she was hefting and leveraging and swearing the spare tire into place. And because the universe likes to have fun, after she had the tire in place and was screwing in the second to last bolt, a nice gentlemanly type fellow pulled over to offer his assistance. She laughed. She was proud of herself. And then she looked down at her grease streaked shirt and her watch and left less proud. She kept laughing though. What else could she do? Denver hated her. This was undoubtedly clear. 


She had her bag in the car. There was no way she could stay at Abby's house of feline horrors again and she had planned on pulling a sneaker and staying at a cheap motel. But she looked at her shirt, then suspiciously at the remaining three tires and decided that she would listen to Denver. She would respect Denver's words. She would smile and nod and back away from Denver very slowly.


At the airport, the fine gentleman behind the counter told her that she had nine hours ahead of her before the next flight to Austin -- oh and that for some reason there was a strange code on her ticket. Did she know why she was on a watch list?


  
Toronto. Toronto looked promising. Or at least it read promisingly. <promising?> All three Toronto travel books were in big fat lusty love with Toronto. The art! The culture! The food! The friendly people! And the gay . She did not know that the gay  in Toronto was considered the second best in the world behind San Francisco. She was shocked. She loved a vibrant cultural and arts . She could not wait to see every sight, drink in every bar, meet as many friendly gay Canadians as Toronto could strut her way.


She was on the intra airport shuttle when she heard her first }aboot}, her first }eh?},  all in the same sentence talking about hockey. She thought she had died and gone to stereotype heaven. She hopped in a cab, taking no rental chances, and arrived at her gorgeous and crazy cheap hotel. <All things were looking eh oooh kay so far.> And so she rushed out to see the things that the books said one had to see. 


She hit the museum of < blah blah blah> it was lauded as the best in Canada. It was … three rooms? How could any museum be only three rooms? Then to the <stuff here>


She decided it was time to call her cultural adventure <o a close>. She knew what would make her feel better -- the gay quarter. There was nothing better in this world than the gayborhood. And this was going to be a Canadian gayborhood. She could feel the warmth and acceptance already. And second in the world to rival San Francisco? She couldn't wait. Wait-- was she there? She couldnt be there. How-- but-- it was four bars on a corner. Four. Four bars. Fuck it. She headed into the irish pub of the four, pulled up to the bar and ordered potato skins and a beer. When in Canada...


<more here -- make it not about toronto sucking but about the universe messaging>


And then I went to Chicago. A friend from California flew out. She was there for work. We were going to hit the downtown area, see a show, check out the city that is supposed to be just like New York, except liveable, affordable. Holy frostbitten nose, Chicago. No way. Just. Cold. Freezing. No way.


  
  


I was in Monaco -- land of ridiculousness -- the day before I returned home. I had  been out dancing all night the night before and walked home at dawn, incredibly safe. Because Monaco is clean and lit and watched.


I woke up to a message from a friend asking if I wanted to go out on so-and-so’s boat. And I thought “the answer to that question is always yes”, so yes. I threw on clothes and headed down to Port Hercule in the main of Monaco to meet Louise. As we spill out of the taxi she asks “So you know who Stelios is, right?” He’s that guy we were out with last night? He seemed to have too much money for his age and thus like he’d have a tug boat on which we could take a quick afternoon spin. “Oh no.” was her reply. “Stelios is the founder of EasyJet.” Apparently it was his boat and other moguls of other industries were to be aboard talking about moguly type things.


We strolled up to the 100 foot beautiful black and fine-grain wood yacht named Strangers in the Night, and I thought -- yes, it makes total sense that I would spend my afternoon this way. Let’s do this.


My decided-upon confidence was slightly rattled when I was asked to remove my black soled boots as to not scuff the deck and I was left standing there in my purple unicorn socks, but still. I was feeling good. I was still excited to spend the day engaged in charming witty Euro banter with Euro industry greats.


The day was stunningly beautiful -- bright blue sky, deepest blue sea, a solid wind, and an incredible view of Monaco from the sea. And that’s when the universe looked down upon us and said, “Oh, that’s not right at all.” and decided to take me out.


I proceeded to spend the remainder of the voyage below deck vomiting my face off in the loo. Oh did I vomit. I vomited approximately forever, at which time I then dry heaved for another 20 minutes. The kindly British kitchen head adopted me and eventually coaxed me back on deck with the functional humans. There, a gorgeous Italian trophy wife sat me in the least queasy spot and gave me the low-down on how to sit back, relax my head, close my eyes, and not open them ever ever again. And I recovered as we headed back into port.


Stelios began to raise the main sail and asked everyone to vacate the area below it for safety. I moved inside to warm up, sat for 2 minutes, and belly suddenly, violently told me that our time below was not complete. I ran downstairs, hurled myself at the door, and found it locked. Panic does not begin to describe that moment. I found a sink. And there I vomited. In the sink. Of a bazillion dollar yacht. With Frank Sinatra crooning Strangers in the Night over the sound system in the background as the namesake soundtrack to our return to land and to my crippling shame.


This is why I can’t have nice things. I know this now.


  
  




I lied when I said that we should break up because we weren’t in love. What I meant and was afraid to say was because you weren’t in love. You’ve never cared for being told how you feel and saying that out loud felt too sad.


I know what I mean when I say love is different than what you mean. I mean openness and affection and care. You’ve twisted it to mean something nebulous and unattainable -- something to withhold for self-protection and control under the guise of purity of concept. Here we’re going with my definition.


I loved you. I loved your from early on when I was so surprised and moved by the little things in the mail and in google documents brimming with thoughtful itineraries. It’s stupid that I never told you. I tell everyone else. I loved you for your initial effort and your dedicated selfishness and for the adventurous short-attention span life that we could have and for that face. I’m not sure how I feel now. Love warps with lack of care and reciprocation into unpleasant jealous and needful versions of itself.


But you didn’t love me back. That is what was wrong. That was always what was wrong. I knew from the beginning. And this awareness made me shrink. Who I was wasn’t loved so I retreated to hide her -- this person who was unloveable. Distance improves clarity and it is strange to me that I behaved in that way or that I continued trying to win in a place that was never pulling for me.


I’m not sure what the point of this is. Possibly to give some structure to our breakup. One should be careful of loneliness masked as missing and romanticism cloaked as longing. I regret not telling you that I cared. I regret not telling you that I wasn’t getting what I needed. I regret not standing tall and proud and full of self, regardless of how your felt. After all, I was never really a contender in your garden of ghosts and left-open doors to the past. Had I behaved differently, things most likely would have ended just the same but perhaps there would have been less frustration , confusion, and annoyance mixed in with the parting sadness.




  
  


They met at a cafe that left room for question as to whether they would have coffee or a meal. It had been 12 years since their relationship ended --  since their relationship that became a no-rules non-relationship that imploded into years of silence. 


They evaluated each other over the absurdly small table. The size of which implied that, yes, they would only be having coffee and only if the mugs were of espresso stature. They had aged. They had finally become the old they had called themselves and each other long ago. She supposed one holds more reverence for words when they begin to be accurate. He had gained the weight of middle-age and wore the softness of his disinterest in exercise. His hair had thinned and turned uniformly grey like his father’s, though now it was short after years of an unkempt shag. Her grey was camouflaged by money and the skills of her stylist. She was still thin, but thinness on a woman of her years tended to have an aging effect. The angles in her face were too sharp and her skin told of a life in the sun. 


They sat there quietly, awkwardly for a moment taking each other in, each revisiting their own memories. How’ve you been? seemed a preposterous question. How to begin after all the time together -- then all the time apart. Time distorts in strange ways. The ways sometimes cruel, sometimes kind but the actual events always lay twisted and remolded on the timeline. In which ways had she curated their memories? Had he? 


Is he wearing a shirt that he always wore those years ago? And owned years before that? She smiled at this thought, at the consistency of it, of the maintenance  of a quirk. She was after all wearing a necklace he had given her. It was a gesture, perhaps. Or perhaps it was a way for her to connect to this day, a ritual of remembrance.  She had spend an hour struggling over her appearance knowing it wasn’t something that he would notice or would matter to him. She smirked at the supposition that he was probably still in his underwear unconcerned 2 minutes before he needed to leave. But he was on time. And people change. 


We don’t allow people to change in our minds as time passes. They pass from people into characters of our own fiction. It was time to check in on her character’s true life counterpart. Again she didn’t know where to begin and she felt nervous. How silly an old woman feeling nervous. So she did what she always did -- she just said the awkwardly honest thing she was thinking. 


I can’t believe I feel nervous. I don’t know where to begin. 


They both laughed, softened -- and decided to begin with today.


  
  




She walked out of the bathroom staring at her feet, doing the math on how many hours and how many drinks she still had <left> in her, when she smashed into the body on standing directly on the other side of the door. Flinching to attention she was standing 3 inches from him. The one they called Hot Smith Handsome. They hadn't tried terribly hard with that nickname, she would admit, but it served its primary purpose, did it not? And besides, who wouldn't be flattered by that? And Nice Smart Polite Smith didn't have the same zing. She flushed as these thought sped through her mind, followed by the thought that she hoped he never discovered that they called him this.


She apologized for the trampling and yammered on something about appreciating his service in the washroom standing guard. stupid. stupid. stupid. she always said something stupid around HSH. It was the pretty boy curse. HIs hot handsomeness made her uncomfortable. Why was she so funny around people she had absolutely no attraction to? The universe did enjoy toying with her.


She placed her left hand just above his right elbow as she was wrapping up her awkwardness show and was sliding past him, possibly a little too closely -- but didn't she deserve that after <embarrassing herself like she just had?> And at that moment, his left hand slid to mimic hers and came to rest on her elbow. And then the other slid around her back and pulled her in those remaining inches. He was smiling and looking into her face searching for … something, permission. She hoped it was permission. She paused, searching back. She leaned in ever so slightly and he took his cue. His hand left her arm and found its way behind her neck. He pulled her into a rather ferocious kiss -- the kind that has been building strength from a long, slow burn. He pushed her up against the doorframe, cradling her back, the ferocity never diminishing, and then he rolled her back into the bathroom and closed the door.


And thus proceeded the most amazing bathroom make out session in the history of make out sessions. <Perhaps her terrible jokes had some magic in them after all.> <kill the end liners>


  
  


This section at school had been a beast. Work, Sabine, class, private class -- they were all keeping her manically busy, keeping her from thinking, keeping her from breathing. But this was why she was here in this place -- to stretch herself beyond what she thought possible, to have experiences, to grow up - grow out of her simple born framework and into someone new, someone better. She was certainly learning. A lot.


The current term would be wrapping up in two weeks. She wasn't sleeping. There wasn't time for such indulgences. She had class. She had to study. She had to stare at Sabine while she danced her Sabine dance. And she had four tutoring sessions left with the Professor. Maybe five. He couldn’t decide whether she was shamefully unprepared for the exam or just insultingly so. He had much work to do with the continued sculpting, much. He never gave any indication that she was anything less than his most disappointing prospect.  But she could take it. She was reveling in the extra learning. She loved the avalanche of it. And his ever radiating brilliance warmed her in a way she couldn’t understand. Just being near his brain made her grateful and small, appreciative for ever second he would share it with her.


And he … she didn't know what he thought. He never cracked -- always the poised professor, always brilliant, always teaching, until his hunger for her grew to unfightable levels. He loved that she battled him. She could see it in his posture. He loved their battles, their fights over meaning, nuance, societal impact. He rose even taller when she fought him. And each session, during a particularly heated point, he would stride across to her, poise intact, and pull her against him. And then after, clothes and room in disarray, they would lie there and continue their talk, their debate, his lesson. His education was never ending. She loved it. She wanted it. But she admitted that she didn't quite know what it was.
Class was normal, perhaps additionally grueling given the state of wrap up. The division of students leaving feeling destroyed seemed to increase over the number who left elated at receiving his approval, usually arriving my way of a nod and a lack of beratement. The exam was in two days. These students would not sleep, would consume more coffee than a nervous system should ever endure, and then it would be done.


She arrived for their final session. She knocked. He barked. She entered. He was sitting at his desk bend over a manuscript, <intently> focused, scribbling. Editing maybe? She wasn't sure. She sat in the chair facing him and waited. After he had delayed noticing her for a length of time long enough to be effective, looked up.


We will not need out session today.


Why is that? The exam is …? We were not done discussing the manifesto of …


He waved her off. I believe you have learned enough. Take it with you and apply it.


She stood -- confused, hesitant. But he had returned to his work. She didn't know what she was feeling right then. And so she left for the library to study. She had learned enough. Perhaps she would just go home, call Sabine, get drunk.


A proctor administered the exam. It was the most difficult exam she had ever taken, but she felt she would do well -- at least in comparison. She saw the Professor once in the university after that. He acknowledged her with a nod.


  
  


Sabine had completely forgotten any and all infractions she had made against our relationship, or any that we had made together. It was just not spoken of. And she wrapped herself around me as we strolled the museums or the beach or the stops and gazed at me with adoration. The “love stare” she called it. Le regard d’amour, ma une. And things were good.


A new bar opened in Nice and we went on opening weekend. It was a techno wonderland. Tables in the front and a dance floor in the back. And then as 11:00 arrived the dancing took over the front as well. Patrons climbed on the tables and danced and shook and did other various moves of danger when drunk and jumping around on an elevated surface.


We were dancing on a long table in the front when Sabine -- garnering all the attention in the room as usual -- dove off the table. Only she would be so confident that hitting the floor was not an option. But she was Sabine, and thus a gaggle of gay boys caught her and cheered and hoisted her higher and out into the back. Because her every move was a  from a movie.


I danced another song or two with a young german girl then hopped down to solid, unwobbly ground again to get a drink to become more wobbly. A very handsome guy was leaning on the bar and struck up a conversation when I approached. He]d been watching us dance. We looked like we were having a smashing time. And he knew Sabine a little, had met her several times around town. And he offered to buy us drinks -- where was she now? In the back in the middle of a pile of club kids, I said. Yes, let]s have drinks. She]ll come up for and whisky air soon.


He ordered. Three drinks came. I decided -- something, I]m not sure what. To channel Sabine in some meaningless way, and reached for her whisky instead of my wine. He raised an eye brow but then toasted to the magic of nights on the riviera. We pushed our way through the crowd to the pool tables in the side room for where we told random stories about the bars we visited and the music we danced to and the drinks we drank, and laughed, and he wiped the newly refinished floor with me at pool.


I heard banging. So much banging. What was that banging. I finally awoke enough to realize that it was the door and it was loud. The neighbors would be angry. I sat up, pained. I wrapped the sheet around my naked body and shuffled to the door. Sabine was on the other side of it. Why was she standing there. Why was she banging.


What the fuck, she said. What happened to you?


What? I don't. What?


She pushed her way in. I was confused. I didn't understand. I just wanted to sleep. My body demaned that I return back to my bedroom, I noticed a broken jar of peanut butter on the kitchen floor as I passed by. What? When I awoke again it was dark and Sabine was laying in bed staring at me. She looked worried and angry -- each emotion fighting for dominance.


Do you live now? What. The Fuck. Happened to you last night? We had plans. A whole night of plans. You disappeared.


I … I don't know. I]m confused. I don't remember the night. I must have gotten so drunk that I blacked out …


When? When did you get so drunk? Did you do secret shots while I was in the toilet?


No. I … I had one with you. Then we danced. Then I went to the bar and … had one more. I don't understand. I met a guy -- a friend of yours I think, we played pool and then it]s like a curtain came down on the night. It is black. It is nothingness.


You were with Kima? I saw him. He said you were his date for the evening but you disappeared on him. I was … worried. Kima is not a nice man.


And we lay there and reconstructed the night. I thanked my body for sensing danger and kicking into autopilot to take me home. I must have fled home, stripped in the hallway, attempted to eat, I guessed? But only managed to destroy the kitchen. And then I slept for 16 hours. I never slept in, even after a late night the night before. My body did not however flee to Sabine to care for me. Odd. Perhaps not unexpected. Perhaps my brain acknowledged things that I did not and knew best.


Then I remembered the key detail. I drank the whisky not the wine. Was there a different plan? Incapacitate Sabine so he could leave with her? Or so he would have to help me take her home? Were both drinks tainted? None of the options were anything but vile. You would think that such a charming man would be successful relying on his charms alone. Sabine was right. He was not a nice man. And I was a very lucky girl.


I got a phone call the next day. Heather? Heather this is Kima. I am worried for you. You left without saying goodbye. I was surprised. I would like to see you soon. He has my phone number? And who is Heather? My name is not Heather. I still felt cobwebs in my head. Whatever Kima packs, it is not amateur.


  
  


Sabine threw a party. A very large party. She’d never actually been to her apartment before. How was that possible. Sabine had always been to her place or they were out in the world -- seeing it, being part of it, shaggin in it. It always seemed normal until she was actually invited there. And then it seemed very strange. She had roommates, she had said. They didn’t like company. She didn’t like them. It was never clear. She did not talk of it unless pressed.


And so there was to be a party. She spend time in the shops picking out something new, something interesting, something she thought Sabine would like. She didn’t know why she was being a girl about this party, but it felt special somehow, this invitation to her home, like she had passed a test, a milestone. She put on her new dress, twisted her hair around in a way she knew Sabine liked it, and then for a change put on lipstick. And then she wiped off the lipstick. She was clearly getting carried away.


She strolled down the promenade to a part of town she’d never passed through. It was residential and wealthy. She would never have had reason. She a student and Sabine an artist and shop girl. And yet here she was, rolling up to a massive brownstone and ringing the bell. Was this the right place? 


Sabine answered the door by throwing it open and throwing herself on her. The toppley hug was a welcomed welcome. Sabine was tipsy and happy, and she was excited to see and meet and greet more of Sabine’s world. She played her life close, and this was a crack of a window in. She was feeling good in her new dress of flattering fit and color. She let Sabine drag her in, encircled in her arms with her head up. 


And it was a fantastic party, unlike any she had seen outside of a television show. The music was loud and the people were beautiful and seemed to never stop dancing. She was swept up in the exuberance. This dream was her life now. She was here.


Passing through the kitchen, someone dropped a glass and it shattered on the floor. The noise was met with whoops and cheers and more dishes hitting the floor. No one stopped dancing. Where was she? She wandered through the rooms of the multi-floored abode -- three stories in all, each floor a party to itself. All of Nice was here. The second floor had a dj and gardening tubs filled with ice and wine. Glasses hung upside down from a cable with clips attached. One booze ambassador would self-appoint every 10 minutes and sweep through filling glasses. No one stopped dancing. The third floor was a little calmer -- still dancing but no bar. A few drugs were being done around the edges of the room -- all joy and sharing and humanity radiated from this floor. She loved everything about this party. So where was Sabine.


Back down to the first floor, the main bar and dance floor she saw Sabine dancing in the middle of the room. Because of course Sabine was dancing in the middle of the room. Sabine looked up and saw her. She smiled. She laughed and flew at her dragging her into the middle with her, pulling her body against hers, dancing all the while. She kissed her. She never stopped dancing. And then she very suddenly broke away from her and climbed on to a tall floor speaker. She yelled at the DJ and then started to yell at the room:


Tout le monde! Everyone! You must meet my love -- voila c’est elle, la. She is my heart, mon coeur! I am hers and she is mine pour toujours! Et maintenant, we dance!


And she jumped off the box, knocking over a potted tree as she flew at her, she tackle hugged her and knocked her to the floor, where she lay on top of her kissing her and kissing her as the party went on around them. And no one stopped dancing.


--


She woke up the next morning curled into a two girl fetal ball in the middle of the living room on the second floor. Various party girls and party boys were strewn about passed out in singles and twos and several threes. The light shone in from the wide bay windows, casting a mystical blue glow on the chaos aftermath, giving it an angelic filter over the pain that was sure to come as the sleeping angels started to wake one by one. But for the moment, she was the only soul stirring. She replayed the evenings dream like happenings and s and smiled. She pulled Sabine in closer and drifted off with her face buried in her hair. The day would bring chores and aches and drama, but this moment was perfect. She wished she could paint it, capture it, hold it, and stop the next moment from arriving. She knew it could never be as sweet.


  
  


She met Sabine for brunch at their favorite cafe. When they decided to sit, this was their resting home. <ew ugly rewrite that> They were always here in the evenings and the weekend afternoons. The owner brought them their coffees without being asked and they had long stopped noticing the stretches of time that the two of them locked themselves in the washroom. They liked their little oiseaux that always lit and perched there for hours. It had become their public home.


She was writing. A poem had been poking at the back of her brain all week, scratching her, begging to be let out. And Sabine was reading and chatting with the couple at the next table. They were speaking quickly and she couldn’t keep up with their French when she was only half-listening out of the side of her ear. The poem. It was there. It was important. But she just couldn’t.





She had been taking breaks from studying by writing. Sabine called it a lateral preoccupation, but she needed it, need to flex her brain in a different way. Open it back up with the intensity of study forced it into deep ravines of focus.





Where was it. This would eat her day if she did not find this piece in her mind.


Sabine was chattering something subversive, as usual. The couple looked intrigued yet uncomfortable. It was a look she had become accustomed to seeing on the faces of the stranger who Sabine engaged. And very suddenly they moved away. What did she say this time, she thought. I hope it was ultra offensive this round. I need jarring. 


She lost herself in a word <here> losing interest in the distraction when her attention snapped back to the present and Sabine kneeling on both knees facing her on the neighboring table, the couple a few meters away with bemused expressions.


Mon Coeur. Be my one. I know that I will cannot be without you. I would die in your leaving. Be my one. Pour toujour. Say yes, amour? Dis oui?


She dropped her pen, dropped her poem, and nearly toppled the table as she <flew> at her. Of course, yes. Bien sur, oui. Oui! Oui! This girl. This girl that held the hearts of this town and held her own, wanted her. Yes, yes, yes. 
She threw her arms around her and swung her off the table. She kept squeezing her and unable to break her kiss from here, afraid that this moment might not be real if she did. As they continued to spin, they stumbled and they went to the floor. She rolled on top of Sabine and kissed her and kissed her. They laid on the floor of the cafe for quite sometime just staring at each other. The owners scowled at anyone who passed by even slightly too close. This was their moment. And it had happened there. And they were proud to keep if for their petites oisseaux.


  
  


She went out to meet Sabine at the harbor. They were going out on a friend’s boat she said. For the day. For adventure. And she there she was, waiting for Sabine, excited for the day, and wishing she had some sort of nautical hat to be in theme with the day.


Sabine arrived with a crew, of both the boating and social variety. And they were all in white. Sabine in a flowing ankle length flower child dress, and everyone else also in white -- pants, shirts, skirts, dresses. All white. Sabine arrived all smiles and volume. Et pour toi! and threw the white dress in her arms to her and planted a large and loving kiss on her as everyone looked on.


She didn’t get the theme or the joke but she didn’t care. She knew not to ask. She knew it would be a day of fun and the unexpected. So she stripped on the dock, dropping her clothes to the ground and pulling on the simple white cotton dress. It tied around her chest and then flowed to her feet. It was her style as well as the apparent style of the day. She put her sunglasses back on and followed the monochromatic parade onto the boat.


Champagne was served, songs were sung, and the boat anchored out in a bay near the coast of Italy. Bodies lazed on the front of the ship soaking up the sun that never got quite too hot at this latitude. A clear day such as that had to be squeezed for every ray when they appeared.


The crowd was a pleasant level of tipsiness, when Sabine jumped on the seat under the main sail. Merci tout le monde! Thank you for coming. Thank you for joining us on this special day of our love. For today, we belong to each other. She pulled her up with her and kissed her passionately while the attending white angels cheered and hooted and toasted.


Sabine placed her back on the bench and climbed to the table to make a speech. She began, I remember the day I first saw my love. She was sitting alone on the water with a sketch pad and pencil looking so small and melancholy. And now I look at the fierceness in her soul. You can see it radiate from her face. Can you not see it? It makes my heart grow to see this. And today, I stare at my life and feel overcome at this joy. This feeling that i will never feel such joy and happiness as I feel right now. 


And she halted her speech. She dropped her champagne flute to the table, letting it spill. Life will never hold such joy again. And she walked to the end of the table, hopped to the ledge, and looked back at everyone with tears on her face. And she lept off the edge into the water.


She and Sabine sat shivering on the dock. She would not look at her. She had never felt so angry, such fear, such betrayal. Rage boiled in her face and in her chest under the thin wet cloth.


Sabine had been attached by a line. Sabine was now into performance art. Everyone would watch the video later that evening and a painting of her final mournful glance at her lover as she stepped of the rail of the boat would later capture this inaugural piece from another perspective, another medium, and it  would hang in Sabine’s apartment. Everytime she saw it she fantasized about all the ways to destroy it. Her fear and anger immortalized above a modernist chair that was too uncomfortable to sit in.


  
  


Everywhere she and Sabine went now there was a crowd of friends, of fans almost. She was Sabine. Loved by all! We went to the bar. We would know twenty people. We would go for a walk. We would run into ten friends. They even started frequenting our cafe. They were nice enough. She didn’t mind. But they were also … adoring, which was odd to her. They weren’t like her solid, “give you a kidney if you needed it” friends back in Texas. It was more like Sabine was the It factory girl du jour. But she hadn’t seen any work from Sabine lately. When they first met there were sculptures, impressively small in size -- but never to be called figurines if she wanted to see another sunrise. And then she was painting. Wispy watercolors quickly gave way to oils, and that is where she’d stayed for most of the year. And they were beautiful. Perhaps Sabine had done a show when they were fighting? Perhaps. That must be it. She never really knew what Sabine did with her work, or her other time,< or really for money>. But she always seemed happy and self-sufficient. She did not worry about her. Sabine had no worries for herself, so why should she. There were no worries in the dream.


She continued to sip her cafe noisette and float along in the dream. She didn’t even mind when  three friends she didn’t know sat down at their little cafe table and started to ask her questions about Texas and horses and cowboys.


And as if Sabine had heard her wandering thoughts she announced to her that she would have  show in the new gallery opening in the <something something> square. She was excited to see Sabine’s latest work. She had always been part of the process in the past. Being able to witness the final finished fruits of her artistic labor was a thrill. She threw on a combination of Sabine’s favorite items on her and floated out of her apartment.


The gallery was expansive with the usual white walls and light wood flooring. Through the middle snaked labyrinth like build in three quarter walls, creating an art filled maze for gazers to get lost wandering through with wine in hand and flowery words on the tongue.


And on these walls hung it all. A few water colors from when they first met, giving way to her oils -- the content taking on a heavier mood along with the paint. The paintings transitioned from mild city scapes to images of dark turmoil -- abstract but frightening. They were beautiful. She stood staring in a corner at some of the darkest pieces -- a woman holding her own head while animals gathered at her feet for a feeding, pondering where this came from in her pretty girlfriend’s soul. She had not seen any such depth or <darkness> in her. Her thoughts were interrupted by the realization that people were noticing her as they walked by. Whispers of which she caught glints of translation, “c’est elle, no?” She was famous by proxy, she supposed. And she sighed. She loved Sabine’s work but the throngs might become wearisome.


She decided to move on from her spot as a particularly staresome man had taken up perch near her. She rounded the edge of the inner wall, and found herself in the ending cove of the gallery. And there she met Sabine, and a room full of paintings of her.


Photographers snapped photos of her seeing this work for the first time. It seemed unfair, invasive that this should be captured. That this moment didn’t belong to her to … absorb this, to understand what she was seeing. And what was she seeing? It was a gallery of their most intense moments -- their fights, their ecstasies, their defining moments. All there on canvas. The day on the boat. A morning with Anais. Them screaming on the promenade. Her naked and drugged in her apartment. It was so ugly to see their lives displayed like this. But it was also beautiful <in that it was>  <rewrite> raw and bare and exposed. <She was stunned. She was speechless. She felt sick.> Their life was life to her. It was art to Sabine. 


And Sabine beamed at her with pride, pride of her own work or of crafting this moment. She didn’t know. she supposed. 


  
  


They woke up early after the gallery show. Sabine was thrilled at the number of pieces she had sold but even more thrilled by the number of art writers that were there. She had been promised reviews and write ups in every publication she cared about. Sabine’s name would be in bold, in all caps, just like she liked it. And honestly, as it should be. The world would be less illuminated place with out Sabine dancing on a table top or slathering a canvas with her spastic moods.


She got up and made coffee and toast for the two of them. Sabine chugged the coffee that was too hot to be chugged, kissed her on the cheek then thought better of it and kissed her hard on the mouth, and then she left, nibbling on her toast-to-go and humming lightly to herself.


She smiled after this wonder and opened her notebook. She had writing to do and so much swirling around in her head this morning.


---


They had plans to meet at the shop where Sabine worked at five. They would go to their cafe and then go for their walk along their promenade and this sit on their bench. It was her perfect evening. She arrived at the shop on time and found the couple that owned the shop there. They were closing up and cleaning a bit. They looked surprised to see her.


Sabine … isn’t here. Elle n’est pas ici. She is not here any longer… You do not know this?


What are you talking about. I was to meet her here at five. 


They looked confused and angry? What was the second emotion. Sabine is not here. She left. She works here no longer. I don’t know what to say to you.


Okay. So it was anger. This was clear. But why anger. Had she gotten fired? Oh. She had gotten fired. She laughed. She would be at the cafe sulking.


The cafe was empty except for a couple in the back corner. The owners smiled at her as she walked in -- but not their usual welcoming smile. There was a wistfulness, a sadness in it. 


Bon soir, ma petite oisseau. Ca va? How are you doing, little bird? You must be so sad. We cannot believe she is gone. She paid her tab this afternoon and hugged us. Told us she had to leave. You must be a sad bird. You still come here, oui? We will be your nest now. Coffee here every day! We insist.


She smiled at them gratefully and fled. She was stunned but could not stand there and be stunned. She had to move. She had to keep moving. As fast as she could. If she moved her body maybe her mind could catch up? What was happening. Why did these people know her life when she was clueless. What the fuck, Sabine. She had to keep herself from jogging to Sabine’s apartment. It was empty. At least her floor was. Someone was still living in the first floor, and he just shrugged at her and held up an envelope from Sabine with the last month’s rent inside in cash. She spun without saying a word. To her apartment, she kept moving. Answers would be there. Answers had to be somewhere. Her apartment was just as she had left it, save a key on the small kitchen table. Had the table been cleared before? Was it empty when she left? She couldn’t remember but she flared with anger at the thought of Sabine clearing it to artfully place a key on it just so.


She walked outside with no coat, no scarf, no hat. The sun had set and the wind had blown in as it did every evening in every town along  on a coast line. She walked down the promenade and sat on the bench. She stared out into the darkness of the black sky melting into the black sea. She sat there, her mind blank. It spun for answers no more.


  
  


She stood in front of the mirror. She had bought a magnifying mirror, the kind with the brutal fluorescent lighting surrounding it -- the kind that while helpfully showing you ever pour and crease and hair where a hair should never be, also quickly teaches you to hate yourself.


She stood in front of the mirror. She saw dark pores and felt revulsion. She stared and picked and squeezed. Then hunted for more. a hair. was that one darker than it should be? The tweezers. More pores. How do they get clogged? Her face was so disgusting, so flawed. She stretched and searched and pushed on it. Ten times the magnification showed her all the evils  hidden. What would thirty times show her? She had seen one of that strength, hadn't she? No dirt, no sweat, no filth could escape her then. She would see it all. She would rid herself of it all.


Another hair. It was short. Beneath the skin? Just a little. She scratched it out and went after it with the tweezers. But she couldn't grasp it; it was too small. She dug in anyway. She created a hole where once a barely visible grey dot had been. Now it was open and red and oozing clear liquid. She would get it. It would not mar her further. But she couldn't and eventually the hair -- there had been one there, right? Retreated in cowardice beneath the pink pulpy exposed spot of flesh.


She searched on. There were hairs out of line with her brows. They must go. A few in the middle? What did people call that -- a mono. She would not have it. Out. Out. Out! A few longer hairs on the sides of her face near her hair line. What were those? Sideburns? Disgusting. She plucked them and pulled them and searched on.


Back to her pores. Everyone would be cleaned. Every. One. No more dark. No more dirt. No more grime. She would shed her ugliness one purged pore at a time.


She stood back from the mirror and looked at herself without magnification. Her angry skin was red, swollen. It did not look angry. It looked furious, more grotesque than before, distorted, indignant. She stepped away from the mirror and headed into the shower to scrub and exfoliate anything that she might have possibly missed.


  
  


She bought a pair of cowboy boots. She saw them and they <stirred something in> <gross> her. They were real leather of worn black color with some light stitching of white thread along the top and at the pointed snubbed toe. They felt soft in her hands and she rolled them over and over feeling the curve of the leather transition from the shaft to the foot. She must have been handling them too long, perhaps too thoughtfully, because the store clerk startled her with a startled look of his own. Did she need help? Would she like to try them on? They were nice, yes? He eyed her purposefully. They were expensive and she was not looking her most together. Asshole clerk. 


She wanted them. They felt good, calming. She wanted them. She told him to wrap them. She was taking them. He hesitated, looked at her steadily, and then shrugged. It wasn't his store. What did he care if she bought them with a stolen credit card. He rung up the five hundred euro boots and put them in a shopper bag with another shrug. French clerks liked to shrug. It must be part of their training, she thought. But she didn't give a fuck. She and her new boots went home.


She sat on the couch and opened the box. The box had condensed the smell of the leather. That most perfect of smells. Her friend Joana always said that the smell of leather made her think of money. It made sense to her. Where they grew up, rich people always had big leather couches and big oversized leather chairs, these in addition to the ubiquitous cow hide rug always made their houses smell entirely of leather. Her house smelled like green beans. No matter what her mother was cooking, the house always smelled of green beans.


The smell. She loved it. She stuck her face in the shaft of the boot and just sat there smelling in that smell. It felt good, that smell. Odd that a smell could make you feel. But it did and this one was visceral. She sat there for ages, face in boot, just inhaling over and over again until the smell started to fade.


With an un-understood melancholy she walked into the bathroom and turned on the harsh spotlight of her magnified mirror. Her face was covered in little specks of black -- leather? thread? boot. Her face was covered in boot. She laughed. She had spent the last hour smelling a shoe.


She washed her face, put on her boots, and wandered out heading vaguely in the direction of the anglo-glot bar. She hadn't been in quite a long time.


  
  


She sat through her graduation ceremony in a haze. The day was hot. She had not taken her professor]s advice to wear cotton and the jersey dress under the plastic feeling graduation robe was melting her into a puddle of sweat soaked misery. Here she was. This was her grand finale. She had followed her dreams. She had graduated. She had done well. Her heart wasn't in it. The pomp around her felt hollow.


She thought of that annoying brat she and Sabine had taken a road trip with to Biarritz. He was so whiny. Any time they were discussing the sights around them, the history of the towns they were passing, the politics or history of France, the cultural differences between here and there, then and now, he had groaned. He was put out the entire trip and had hated them by the end. One night on the early end of the trip, he had given his great speech -- probably one he had given many times.


You talk of such meaninglessness -- history, politics, economics. Who cares! It is shit. It is worthless. The only thing worth anything in this life is relationships. That is the only topic that we should discuss ever!


She thought he was an absurd little child. He must have just been dumped. What ridiculousness to think only of relationships when there is a world of richness about which to learn and discuss and see and take in. And now she felt guilty for dismissing him so harshly. He was a drama queen, yes. But she looked at herself now. How easily had her heart taken the shine from her eyes.


Her name was called. She walked on stage as the dean was listing out her list of talents and quirks, she <vaguely> heard him make a joke about her cowboy boots. She regained her poise has he announced that she was graduating with <summa cum laude>.  And she smiled out into the auditorium. How much history and art and culture she had absorbed to take with her on road trips and to dinner parties. 


She walked off the stage with her piece of paper and her chunk of engraved glass. She hadn't found a job in Nice and her student visa ran out at the end of the month. She had been told that it would be difficult. It was always difficult to work abroad but this area was especially sought after and the French fiercely protected jobs for their own. She had been distracted by love and art and all the beautiful things she wanted. She hadn't really fought for it. She hadn't networked and interned and begged and camped out in the career office. She had chosen Sabine instead. And now she was heading back to the States for the first time in what seemed like a lifetime. 


She went to the graduation party smelling of plastic clothing and left smelling of champagne with a fuzzy head and dress in disarray. She took home a classmate, Eric. He had always looked at her with that look -- a bit of wonder mixed with a bit of evil. She kept him up most of the night fucking his French brains out. She never took her boots off.


He drove her to the airport in the morning. She was flying out at two o]clock. She had donated most of her belongings the week before. She kissed him on the cheek, refused to let him walk her in, and headed into the terminal pulling a single suitcase behind her.


  
  


You look like shit.
 
… what?


You look like shit. People always tell me that I look like shit. That’s what yo’re supposed to say. So I came in here to tell you that you look like shit.


She closed the office  door.


I didn’t know you had issues with this stuff. I hadn’t noticed before. Do you? You do. I can see. I don’t actually think you look like shit. But again, it’s what you are supposed to say. So I’m saying it to you. What’s goin on with you?


I don’t--


So we’ve never talked about me. And we can. It’s not really a thing. It’s just one day I decided that I really wanted to be thin. I like being thin. I think it looks good and it’s just really important to me. And so I’m thin now. It’s not a problem. I just like to be thin. I don’t know if it’s the same with you.


I--
But that’s me. I see a therapist. I see a doctor. It’s fine. I”m not allowed to exercise. At all. Not even a little bit. And I can’t pick up my children. But other than that, I’m just normal. I’m just thin. So I don’t know if you want to talk about it. But if you want to you can. I’m not shy. I’m not shy to talk about it. People think they can’t talk about it to me. It doesn’t bother me. Except, it really bothered me when everyone kept telling Sue how great she looked after she lost all that weight. That really made me bad. I was really offended that they just kept saying it and saying right in front of me. But if you if you want to talk, we can talk. And you really don’t look that bad. I just wanted to say something.


… Thanks. I appreciate your concern.


  
  


She had settled into her new job making very close to zero dollars. Her coworkers were good people and had become her new circle of friends. Her old one seemed to have unraveled while she was in France due to life, she guessed. Marriages and babies and affairs that led to un-marriages. And her new friends were easy. They went for beers every Thursday. They showed up for birthdays and various other big celebrations. But other than that, they weren’t terribly in each other’s daily lives and daily business. It was frustrating at times but it was mostly nice. It removed the risk of implosion, the risk of one couple breaking up with another couple because they brought the wrong casserole to the pot luck. They seemed to be slightly lacking in attachment, but completely void in all that over- dramatic Texas bullshit that crushed her sense of social security. And so it was nice. She was in Texas and it was easy and beer- soaked and nice. She hadn’t spoken French since her return. She hadn’t read a French newspaper or French book either. The local independent book store had a well stocked foreign language section so she had no excuse. It was on her. She was allowing her dreams to slip through her fingers and out of her world while she sat still in this life that was easy and nice.


She sat at the bar, their bar, drinking too late on a Thursday night. A friend walked by, Tara. They had picked her up along the way at a the St. Patrick’s day festival. On tends to make friends that day. And Tara was now a regular. It was nice to have a crew. Perhaps even nicer to <usurp> one already fully formed. She had been a rowdy addition that was fun once or twice but would not last long. This group wasn’t that group. This group was mellow, local, and had their shit together. Tara -- her shit was still in the wind and she was not interested in gathering it in just yet. Every night she had another guy in tow. Every night with said guy in tow she usually spent much of the evening talking about sleeping with the other guys in rotation. She wondered how well that tactic really worked for Tara. A stupid thought, she supposed. Because here she was yet again with another. Actually, she never saw the same man twice so either it was a good play or there was just an inexhaustible supply of willing males available.


Tara plopped down at the bar and night’s accessory sat between them. He was a coworker, (very brave of her), a scientist, and he was on work visa from France. Shit. She hated it to <something soemthing> levels when people played the “Oh she lived in France/She speaks French” card for her. Partly because it was embarrassing and partly because she really didn’t speak French anymore. It was like it had fallen out of her head and been replaced with bean dip recipes when she decided to bed down here and forget the past. Tara and Guy were solidly sticking to the “we’re just friends” facade. It was so silly that she still thought that she needed to protect some sort of image with them or that they gave a shit or that they were that dumb. But whatever. Tara was a passing ship. Better to get good stories out of her in the meantime.


She had escaped to the loo immediately just to breathe and get ready for what was coming, maybe prepare a couple of deflective jokes. She retook her seat.
So, they told me not to bring up France to you. What is your problem?


Oh. Fun.


Why can’t I talk about my home country?


Well, guy I just met, you can talk about anything you like. I don’t know what that’s about. 


You lived in France? A Nice?


I did.


You went to school?


Yes, I did that also.


Where? Which school? The <look up a school in Nice here>


No, The <look up another school in Nice here>


Oh. Only rich people go to that school. I hate rich people. You must be rich, no? Tara said you have a house near her. So yes, you must be rich. How much money do you make?


Guy, you are a real charmer.


What?


Nothing. I’m not telling you how much money I make. I’m not rich. School there was a third as expensive as it is here. You are really aggressive for talking to someone you don’t know.


What other way is there to be? Otherwise conversation is pointless. A waste of words and breath. People here they are too concerned. It is boring. 


And while she thought he was somewhat right, she also thought he was an asshole and completely tuned out his rant on social norms and how bored he seemed to always be by everything. And then she caught out of the corner of her ear what she knew was coming


And why aren’t we speaking French? Pourquoi parlons- nous pas francais? Tu parles francais, non? Or are you that kind of lazy American who lived in Europe and didn’t learn the language?


She muttered the insult or two she knew in French, threw twenty dollars at her friend, and walked out.


<Con> She had never hated someone so much on first meeting before. What was his French asshole problem? Was she rich? Was she lazy? She may have hated Texan over-politeness, but come the fuck on. It was all her good Texas training could do to keep from shoving him off his bar stool -- to keep her from turning around, going back into the bar and shoving him off his bar stool. 


You know what? Politeness is pointless. Politeness is a waste of a good storming away. She spun around on her boot heels and walked back into the bar. She hoped he knew how to fall </land?>. Asshole.


  
  


Now reach to the floor. That’s right. Lift your right leg out toward the back wall while your right arm stretches for the sky. That’s good, my beautiful yogis. That’s very good. Now release your leg back down and twist into a high plank. Yes, now meet me in downward facing dog. Yes, my loves, yes. Very good. Now, beauties, left leg to the sky and step through to your hands. Lovely, my lovelies. Now slowly raise up to warrior one with arms stretched to the ceiling, and bring those hands together and back down into the prayer position. Gorgeous, my loves. I’m so grateful for your choice to practice here with me today. I’m so very grateful. Okay, beautiful yogis. Now twist to your left, bringing your right elbow over your left knee. Good, good. Now here you may find it hard to breathe. You find yourself gasping for air and breathing quickly. Try to calm your mind. You’ll get there, my beauties. With time and practice you will get to where you want to go. Now extend both of those arms. Good. Very good. Now back into prayer, and come back down into a plank. Remember, it’s all just energy. All of it. You can’t control it. You can just sync up with it and ride it. And that’s all we’re trying to do here, beautiful yogis. We’re just finding our energy, joining with it, and riding it. Just like a surfer. They don’t control the waves do they? They can’t control when the set will arrive or how big it will be. A surfer just waits, takes what comes, and rides what’s there. And that’s what we’re doing here today, darlings. Okay, now <chataranga> and meet me back in downward facing dog. Oh beautiful yogis, I’m just so grateful to be practicing with you today.


  
  


That’s right. Ungrateful kids today. ungrateful. I’m tired of being around ungrateful people. People acting like people owe them something. The world don’t owe them nothing. Nobody owes them nothing. God gives you everything you need. Yes he does. He’s blessin’ me right now. I’m eighty five years old and he’s blessin’ me. And that’s why I’m having a celebration. That’s right. I’m having a holy celebrations because he’s blessing me and I should celebrate it.I’m grateful that I get to do his work through the children. I am grateful for the children and that I am doing his good work. I know I got a child like mine. But I’m doing his work through God. Praise Jesus. People just need to mind their business, that’s all. People need to get out of your business and mind their own. It’s a beautiful day. Just beautiful. Don’t fool yourself. It’s for me. God didn’t tell nobody in this world to control you. It’s on you. That’s right. It’s on you. Now you go out there. You have a blessed day. God bless you. That’s right now.


  
  


What? What? Why are you looking at me? So I’m in a dress. So I am. Don’t you think my legs look good in this dress? I look good in heels. Don’t matter. I look good. You know who don’t look good? Lesbians. Evil fucking lesbians. I look way bettern them. I know who I am. I am a good lookin’ man. That’s what I am. You know who you are? You got a dollar, I’ll tell you who you are. For five, I’ll tell you who you are and where you goin’. I know who I am. Shit. You the one who got no soul in you. How bout that dollar?


  
  


Hi. My coworker’s husband died on Friday. He was active and fit and he had a heart attack out of nowhere  and died at his hockey game. It’s tragic and terrible and I ache for her. 


And yes, I’m a cliche and in that place. Life takes unexpected turns. I don’t understand exactly why we’re not speaking, but this is not how we should be. We love each other. We’ve been best friends. If you’re mad or disappointed in me can we please fight it out?  I don’t want to waste time. I would regret every day we haven’t share a jalapeno themed joke with each other if something bad happened.


I miss you.


~~~


I can’t.


We will always be friends. Even when we're not in contact. That's a given and you know that. I apologize. It’s hard for me to explain myself but I’ll do my best.
 
After reading your email awhile back about your boy's "turn around" and him "being the guy you always knew was in there" I was bit floored. Well maybe floored isn’t the term. I think “exhausted” is better. I had just received the same email at least four times from you in the last 4 years and was just tired.  And just completely baffled that those words were coming out of your mouth.
 
I've always told you I’d support your decisions without judgment as they were yours to make, and well, I love you regardless of anything. Which is still the case. It’s just the ups and downs, sadness to happiness that you feel - I feel too. And I guess I’m just tired. I guess I just took the "if you don’t have any thing good to say .." approach.
 
It’s difficult to talk to you everyday and not ask about what is going on that is important in your life. And we both know this boy has run the show with your heart for years. Whether you admit it or not. Again, for that, I’m not upset. It is what it is. Love is hard. It’s not something you can turn off. Alas, this person has consistently proved that he is not capable of doing it. Anyone can do a complete "turn around". It’s keeping yourself pointed in the right direction for a long period of time that counts. And this kid does not do that.
 
I hope that someday I’ll be proved wrong and that you both are very happy. I truly do. But for now I guess I just need a break from it. I am your friend forever and I am here whenever you need me. Just know that my lack of correspondence is not because I don't love you or care.
 
I’m so sorry about your friend's husband. That is terrible, and yes, indeed sobering.
 
I hope all else is well with you. I do love you and always will.




  
  


I maybe should have stalked earlier. He called it Times Scare.


How am I hanging out with this person? Especially, how am I hanging out with this person when I really want to go to the Secret Science Club screening of a NOVA special on asteroids. (You and Tim have fun.)


I will be bringing you back some really fun stories that go something like this:


Him: So multimillion dollar goldman sachs hedge investment whatzitwhostuffs.
Me: Oh, that's interesting. So, like, comic book glutens and ghost robot loner pants?




  
  


She was in Chelsea. She was inhaling New York. The cold air, the mass of people, and culture culture everywhere. She was feeling ambition and life-fire start to tingle in her body again. How long had it been since she’d felt that. There was something about the speed. The ability to do anything any time in this city was reawakening something that she had let hibernate. What did she desire? Name it and in this city it would be so by night’s end.


She was in Chelsea. There was a gallery tour on her and half of the city’s agendas for the day. A publication had run a piece on the rise of graffiti photography as a sibling art style to actual graffiti art in the city. Chelsea galleries had filled their walls with just such photography. And the art  was making the rounds. And entertainment guide had even drawn up a map of a walking tour. She was following them intentionally out of order so as not to seem like a tourist, but she still planned to hit every one in the list.


Graffiti art is pretty awesome, she had to admit. Momentarily trendy with people who would never actually venture to the place where it exists in its natural habitat or not, she liked it and she liked being able to see it in mass. She was rolling out of her fourth gallery with her second glass of wine -- wine and wander, they called it. When she  stopped short in front of the windows of the gallery next door. This gallery was not part of the tour. It did not house photography. This gallery was showing paintings this weekend. She knew that style. 


She thought she was going to be sick. She steadied herself. She raised herself up, held her head high, and walked in. She could handle this.


She was prepared to see her work. She was prepared to tell herself that she was happy that Sabine was well and being prolific. She was prepared to lie to herself and <say this was fine.> She was not prepared for this. Everywhere she looked she was herself, her own face.


She saw herself in the cafe with Sabine in mid- profession <of love and commitment>.
She saw herself in Sabine’s shop looking pained, talking to the owners.
She saw herself in their cafe looking broken, staring off as the owners looked at each other pityingly.
She saw herself through the window of her apartment staring at the table with the lone key.
She was crying on the couch.
She was sitting alone on her bench staring sea- ward.


Sabine had made art. No, she had staged it. Their relationship was performance art and these were merely the snapshots of it.


She slowly walked outside, back into the comfortingly cold air, and in a near by bush, threw up and threw up until there was no more overpriced sushi to part with.


  
  
 
She had never met him. That wasn’t true. She had. But at a couple of parties. There had been an introduction or two and then he had always been on the other side of the room with his unhappy girlfriend by his side. She was beautiful but always tired, always complaining. not complaining in the mean kind of way but just in the work was long, parking spaces eluded her, life is hard kind of way. She always looked like a pouting doll -- large eyes always emanating a surprised sadness that life was a constant parade. But she wasn’t unkind, she always told herself, she just lacked perspective and you have to ease up on that sort. She wondered what kind of a person that made him that he was with her? A care- taker, she guessed. In her experience she did know boys to love a messy girl, a dramatic girl who needed to be taken care of. It made her sad for boys. And it made her distasteful of her own..


She heard through her best friend that they had split up. She wanted kids. He didn’t want kids. They still loved each other. It was cordial. She assumed there was more to it than that. They seemed such a mismatch, but regardless, that was a good reason, possibly the best reason to end a relationship.


A few weeks later he added her to his various social media connections -- first the original mega site, then the social photo site, then the business focused site. It was unexpected given that they didn’t know each other but she assumed he was doing the post break up routine of having more time than usual to browse around and the accompanying thoughts that he should make new friends and pick up new hobbies.


He was a participator but not annoyingly so. So easily posting and commenting and photoing made you loathe people you once thought were stand up chaps. But he was smart and adventurous and witty. She followed him passingly at first and then sought him out. And he apparently was doing the same. He acknowledged all of her actions in some way -- commenting, hearting, endorsing, thumbs-upping. They had sprung a very modern, post- contact friendship. She felt like they knew each other, liked each other. But, did they? It’s possible that he is exactly this way with every person that he is connected to, she thought. But it felt personal, or as personal as non- personal interaction can feel, and possibly because they had not hung out, they didn’t work together, they didn’t have a big overlapping friend circle. He had nothing to gain by being digitally present. And neither did she.


And thus a very modern crush was born. On a boy she did not know. At all. She thought about him when she posted a status or a photo. Would he see it? Would he acknowledge it? A comment seemed like a big event given that he had never made one out loud to her in person. And she reciprocated. And she felt ridiculous about it. She liked many of his postings, but not all of them. Because that would be too much, too obvious, too -- it was absurd. She felt embarrassed at even the thought of her behavior of her thoughts of him. And she did think about him often. And sometimes she thought about him. And she hated herself. What was she doing.


She was planning a trip to his town over the first of the winter holidays. She would be there for an extended time. Nine days felt like an extended time these days at least. How did these things work? Should she try to see him face to face, in real life, in human form? Would the thought even cross his mind? Perhaps she was just a poster of pictures he liked, end of story. This was the most likely scenario. She posted a status about an apocalypse survival dream he had. He liked it. She social photoed a photo of the outstanding sunset outside her office window. He liked it. He commented. She posted another picture of a knitted, dissected alien that a friend had just sent her for a gift to say thank you in the way one said thank you these days. Yep. He liked it. Maybe? Probably not. But … maybe?


Swimming in embarrassment she allowed herself to wish and fantasize that some sort of romantic comedy plot would unfold, that he was sitting on the other end of the trucks and tubes looking at his phone and thinking the same thought. How to let him know she would be there. Clearly a status. But ahead of time “I’m looking forward to …” or just as she arrived “It’s been too long old town.” It all seemed positively ridiculous. It was the holidays. He wasn’t thinking of her. And even if he were, he would be with his family or friends or traveling or something. She had rarely acted like such a girl.


Fuck it. She would post when she arrived. She would take no further action. The electronic window into the lives of others was making her a crazy person. And she was not a crazy person. She was the most emotionally stable person she knew. So back off, mega media. She was going on a media fast and returning to the socially sane person she once was before this like- a- thon, fantasy faceball nonsense started.


Austin, you’re lookin’ good. Let’s never be apart so long again.


Ding. Like. Ding. Beers this week?


Yesssss.


  
  


They had a day of joy and cheer and silliness planned. First stop, enormous swan paddle boats. Next stop, the bar on the east side with the bowling lanes and movie clip projections playing everywhere. This place had skeeball too. She loved skeeball. It was a simple game of rolling a ball into a hole, but she didn’t care. She was addicted. Stop three, superhero night at the dive bar down south. Traditional heros discouraged, heros made of duct tape and paper plates, highly encouraged. It was promising to be the best birthday ever.


Swan fest, plus leg burn? Check. They had paddled and raced and circled each other and played bumper swans. And got yelled at for playing bumper swans. And they quickly discovered that paddle swanning was a short lived activity. But they had solidly earned their beers. And off they headed to roll balls of various sizes and shapes while drinking drinks of various sizes and colors.


In they walk into the retro 1960 vibe, feeling cooler by proximity to the leather seating alone. As her eyes adjust to the loungey darkness she sees what her best super friends have done. They have gathered the crew. And there is cake. And there is .. Crush. He is sitting there looking exceptionally handsome in the non-online flesh and  smiling at her.




<okay this is boring. abandon>
   
  




She was leaving the Home Depot on the east side of town with the air filter she had come to buy in hand. She could not have listed the names or uses for any other single product in that enormous warehouse of a retail establishment for hard work and do- it- yourselfness.


She walked through the football field length of the parking lot avoiding the erratic movements of unaware drivers of loaded down trucks and mini vans. And came to stand on the the street corner near the cross walk to wait for the little blinking man to tell her it was safe to cross. A man drove up in a low- standing pick up truck. It was a model that was some where between a truck and an el camino. She loved el caminos, she thought as she gazed in that direction without much focus. And then in a wave that startled her into a place of much focus immediately, ten -- maybe twelve, men raced toward the vehicle. All men, all hispanic, all looking for work. And some were far too young to be doing so. And over weight sloppily dressed man in his mid forties lumbered out of the truck and appraised the men like they were livestock lined up at the county fair. He looked disappointed, almost angrily so and he raised his hands in some sort of a shrug and “come on now” gesture.He was establishing something, his position among the crowd. He was the boss and he was telling them this with is posture and disdain And she hated him immediately. She hated the vibe that was shouting from every pore on his body, his every gesture and expression.


She wished she were handier than her lone air filter. She wished she had grand home projects in progress so she could leave this man standing there worker-less as she showered the men with appreciation for their knowledge, skills, and willingness.


<blatant liberal crap? yep. take this out>


He was telling the eager hopeful men that they were too small or too old or too something. He was preparing to underpay them. She could feel it in his dismissive statements. Some of the men peeled off to keep watch for other opportunities. Some stayed, hopeful, already moving toward the bed of his truck despite the hanging message of low pay and disrespectful treatment.


She was <something -- blank stunned shocked> She had the strange urge to follow him, them. To keep watch over her fellow humans, to bear witness to what her belly told her was to come. And so she did.


She followed the sweaty, squatty man and his band of workers through the east side and north to a bothersomely affluent neighborhood. It was the kind of neighborhood where home owners could afford to pay higher wages for hard labor. Asshole was the word that rocketed through her mind.


The asshole put the gentlemen to work with gruff instructions and told them to drink from the out door hose if they got thirsty. Asshole. And they went to work. And she went to stalking.


<this is a throw away chapter right? right.>


She saw the unpleasant man come out of his house  an hour later. The men had been digging a trench around the house. They were putting in a french drain to help with water accumulation around the house. It was back breaking work. They worked intently. They worked in silence. He came to to bring them lunch to go with their garden hose water. And, she nearly, choked, he brought them a bag of tortillas and a bag of tortilla chips to share. Asshole. Racist fucking asshole. She frantically scanned the area. What could she do? She had to do something. But what? She was going to barrel into a group of men and do what? She had to think.


And then she decided. She started the car and drove off, stopping at the grocery store on the way home.


At five in the morning the next day, she was in front of that house again, the french drain fully in place waiting to fulfill its water whisking duties. She slipped under the front porch and planted a dozen eggs, cracking one. She did the same under the back of the house, and there she also buried a raw brisket just below the surface of the dirt. And then she rolled a few eggs under the house in a small crack in the siding, just for good measure. And then for the finale, she dumped a bottle of liquid ASS along the boards on the side of the house.


Did she know her antics were juvenile? Yes, she did. Did she feel extremely good about it anyway? She, she did.


She stopped by the Home Depot on the way home and left a big box of breakfast sandwiches and pieces of fruit by the day labor station. And next to it another box of bottled water. 


She had a spectacular rest of the day.


  
  


The blind date had been been bad, really bad. 3 rudes to the waiter, 2 semi- racist comments, and 1 holocaust joke that was all too quickly followed by a no- punches- pulled evaluation of her body. He was a fan. At least there was that.  Joana sat her down and looked at her seriously.


I guess I am not sure what you want in a partner -- not that I think every date needs to be a potential life partner. I mean, I know you are not interested in being strung along for years again and you’ve got your abandonment issues for sure, but do you actually want to find someone to settle down with? a city to settle down in? Do you want a family, kids?  Sometimes you mention such things, but I don't think I have ever been sure. And I know you well. Do you know? Are you sure?  I have on occasion been jealous (in a good way) of your freedom to travel and to relocate. I have never known if you really wanted a partner or if being free to flit the world suited you more.


-


I do want a partner and a home town. I do like my freedom and to travel and hop around, but I would like to have a home base where I have a bit of community and some friends, and then go travel and have adventures from there with my person. I do want a person, a travel companion, a partner in crime and silliness. This seems possible, right? I don't want to move around every 3 years forever. 


I don't know. Does this sound unreasonable? Does this sound like the me that you know? I might like some tough love feedback from you.


LinkedIn sent me an email this morning asking me if I know <assla assface> who works at Some Company. I swear to the interweb gods. I do not seek out this girl but social media just dumps her on my doorstep and in my inbox constantly.


-
Your wants make perfect sense to me. They seem like you And yes, it is reasonable that you can both hop around and still have a home base. That sounds ideal. One piece of advice:  don't get a dog. 


I do envy you. You know, I realized today that I have six more days of vacation than I thought. And I really don’t think I have the time to take it. I’ll loose it at the end of the year.


-
I will not allow this. We’re getting on a plane right now. We can buy underwear when we get there.


  
  


The holiday party. She had been looking forward to it for a month. Her entire group at work had been talking about it. the company had been in such dire financial shape that it had been canceled for the past several years. She’d never experienced one in person. And so she had made a game of it. She and the boys from production were all wearing bowties. The girls were dressing as wrapped packages and candy canes. She loved it. She loved festiveness. She loved celebration. And most of all, she loved people willing to make fools of themselves for the sake of silly fun. Because why not. She could wear a black dress any day. A fake girl- tuxedo for no reason was a much better choice.


Her coworkers were good people-- smart and odd as all the best people are. The party would feature a homemade karaoke machine (made from a macbook of course), a homemade photo booth (made from another macbook of course),  pin the candle on the menorah, and some sort of secret white elephant exchange thing.  Normally she would cringe at such things, but there was no cool happening here. It was all joy. And where most other workers in the machine would expect to take home a singing crab placard to be held onto for no reason other than next year’s exchange, she would no doubt open a gift containing something she had never seen before.


And she did.


Helen, renowned knitter and company stitch- and- bitch lead yarn spinner, had made something for her. She had knitted an alien-- an alien that was mid- dissection,  splayed open and pinned to a frame with his entrails exposed to the world. She had knitted little alien organs. She had never received anything so work- intensive and sweet … and super fucking disturbing. This thing was so disturbing that it could not live in her house. She had just received the new office mascot, please let it never leave these walls. Various other items of oddity made their appearance but she was the clear winner-- if winner was the right word.


The party worked. Everyone was rejuvenated and filled with camaraderie as well as much, much mocking material. Really? You really thought it was a good idea to sing every R. Kelly song in the playlist? Yeah, that was going to be go for a very long time. But as usual, the party only served as an appetizer. Those with children and spouses and respectable lives went home like responsible adults. The non- responsible adults had just begun to feel it. Stage two -- holiday festivities out in the world for those brave enough.


And it got delightfully ugly fast. Zack got wobbly far too early. He was a leaner. He would drink with out an off switch, to the point he could no longer stand, but that did not stop him from trying. Or more accurately he just outsourced the responsibility to the rest of his companions in drink and revelry. She was that companion. Boys were heavy. She had done her tour as leaning post. An hour was enough, was it not? She offloaded the responsibility to a larger guy from the art department. Take him. Please. And she headed out to feel the cold air. Cold air was always cleansing and she needed to be cleansed of the weight of the intoxicated.


Back at the bar, a sweet young girl who was interning for the fall rolled up to her, eyes glassy and words jumbling together occasionally but at least she was still vertical of her own strength. She rolled up, YOU!


Happy non-descript winter holidays, Em. Having fun.


So much fun! So … tell me everything about you. Are you dating anyone?


It’s complicated. What about you?, she said, knowing this was the destination they were headed from the start.


Ugh. Well, I’m in love with my roommate. I’m trying not to be. He likes me as a friend. But I can’t help it. I just love him.


That’s really tough, Em. I’m sorry. Living with your crush seems like a bad idea, don’t you think? You should save your love energy for a guy who recognizes the shining little star that you are, babe.


Yeah. I know. I know. But I am saving my self … in a way. I’m actually a virgin.


What? No way. How old are you?


Twenty four.


You are not twenty four and a virgin. Are you really?


Yeah. I mean, it’s not religious or anything. I just want to save something for the man I really, really love, you know? I mean, it’s not like I don’t hook up. I do. I’ve had tons of anal. Just you know, no sex- sex.


She sat there and just stared at her. Just stared. She would have tried to hide the expression that was going along with her gut reaction to this, but she could have no reaction. Just the staring.


You know, I mean, I just wanted to save something. And anal is great. You just need tons of lube and to go real slow.


Yeah … so you know you’ve totally had sex right? But instead of having a normal conversation with your future husband about the previous number of partners you’ve had, you are going to have to say the words: You’re the first in my vagina, but I’ve had TONS of anal. And this is better? 


She tried really hard not to think of young girls doing this as a way of hating their body’s. I’ll have sex that I will call non- sex, and that’s okay because I won’t enjoy it. What must this girl’s one night stands be like? Because she had heard this girl talk about having one night stands. Actually, she heard her talking about period sex on one night stands. Sigh. Why did people think this conversation was okay to have at work? This girl had scarred her. She needed the cleansing of the cold air again. And she had only had a few sips.


She had taken in her cold breaths and was trying to shake off this new knowledge that she would never, ever shake off. She pushed back in the door to see what other adventures were waiting for her in the further of the evening.


Hey, can you help? Ryan just broke his ankle. He broke it … walking. He was attempting to go to the bathroom or some other death- defying feat.


Jesus. What is it with the holidays. Yeah. Where is he? I’ll call a cab.




  
  


She was out for the night. It was combo birthday night with her best friend Joana and her man of the week. They were dressed like girls who are out for their birthdays. For her that meant showering and getting out of jeans for once. And in Texas this was a rare thing in general. They were dressed up in a sea of cargo shorts and flip flops. Often this made her self- conscious but not tonight. Tonight she was with her people and it was time to laugh and eat up all the joy in the world.


They took good care of her, the best care really. Always. Whenever life took a turn, they were there with queso and wine and a mountain of hugs. She was lucky. She knew it. And they were doing it again. Another break- up, another night out on the town spoiling her face off and making her feel loved. Who had friends like that? Almost no one. She was lucky. She knew it.


The took her to the new most- lauded restaurant in town opened by a famous chef that she wouldn’t know but others knew. And others were impressed. She knew the food would be good. It would be tiny. And therefore she would be drunk. She cursed herself for not sneaking a hamburger before they went off. But this was okay. Joana’s mister would drive them to a drive- thru for french fries when they needed it later. They always needed it later. And he always took care. She was lucky. She knew it.


Three courses of cartoonishly small portions and two glass of wine later, they were tipsy; they were happy; and they were all trying to pretend like they weren’t still hungry. But onward! Ho! To the new French bar where all the stylish locals went trying to be stylish or actually being stylish. There was always a mix and it was always impressive in a classic european kind of way. More wine! More celebrating life and friendship! She was lucky. She knew it.
They were getting out of the cab in front of their destination of fabulousness when Joana turned to her. Oh. I forgot to tell you. I texted him in the cab ten minutes ago. He’s stopping by for drinks. Just to say hi. I didn’t tell him you were here.


They did always take care of her.


Where they would normally belly up to the bar, here, they glided and sat with straight classy backs like classy folks did having classy conversation. That was a lie. They never had classy conversation. It was her favorite thing about being with her familyfriends. It was all dirty jokes and high fives about those dirty jokes -- cocktail dresses or no cocktail dresses. There would probably be a joke about cocktail dresses any moment now. With the third glass of wine in hand, she was beginning to get a little sillier and a little fuzzier, but no fuzz could have stopped her from instantly noticing his very handsome entrance and him stopping short and him smiling at the sight of her.


Happy birthday to me.


They really did take good care of her. She was lucky. She knew it.


  
  


He called and asked her to spend the day together hanging out, starting with brunch and coffee and just see where the day progressed. She was in. She was excited and took entirely too long staring at her closet and eventually choosing the t shirt she knew she would pick. It was the one she always wore. At least she had a look?


And there he was, early, looking handsome. She dropped herself into the chair opposite him and the day began with a surprising flow for two people who didn’t know each other well. But it was easy. He had thought of an itinerary, he had made an actual itinerary and shared it with her. She pulled out her phone and thumbed through it. It was witty and it was packed with things she’d love to do any day of the week. Before the day was even rolling, she was hooked. Effort worked every time. She knew she was a goner.


They walked along the trail by the river before the day got to hot. Then they went to an old jazz bar with ping pong and shuffle board and old tables with built in scrabble boards. They played everything. And then they moved on to an improv show in the early evening. It was the worst comedy she had ever seen. And that was fantastic. Night had fallen and the mood changed. They had been having fun all day and now it was dating hour. She guessed they were on a date? It was always so hard to tell. The rolled into an easy restaurant for burgers and beers. They laughed for an hour replaying the comedy show. And then rewriting it. It had been the perfect day.


She got up to stop through the wash room before they called it a day. On her way out, he was on his way into the adjacent men’s wash room. She looked at him and smiled. All hopped up on beer and beef, she grabbed him by the shirt collar and spun him facing her as she backed herself against the wall, and pulled him into their first kiss. It was pretty epic as far as bathroom hallway kisses went. She was pleased. And the amused smile on his face told her that he was as well.


They spend the next ten minutes making out in the corner of the restaurant. And then making out in front of the restaurant. They were being the worst spectacle that two people could be. But this would not cross her mind until later. At that moment, nothing was crossing her mind at all. It was a complete blank. All she could think was that she wanted her mouth on his pretty mouth. That mouth. She loved that mouth -- soft full lips with playful teeth behind. The left corner always turned up betraying his amusement when he tried to hide it. They proceeded to make out in the cab and on the side walk and up the stairs and all the way into his bedroom.


She woke up to an empty bed and the smell of bacon and coffee wafting in from the other room. She was a happy girl. She wondered if that hallway move would work a second time.


  
  


The past few month had been altering. She was happy. She was having fun. She was letting life be and it was good. They went out and saw bands. They went hiking. They jumped out of a plane. They stayed home and wrote together. They made videos of silly things and pretty things and sometimes of dirty things.


He was fun. And he liked to do things. It was so nice to be around someone who liked to do more than just watch television. The did projects constantly. Do you want to do Bob Ross paintings? Yes. Do you want to learn how to waltz? Yes. Do you want to build our own skateboards and then ride them down Piney Pass to celebrate with our new go- pros? Definitely, absolutely, right now, yes. He was fun. It was fun. All was fun.


They had plans to go to Guatemala the following month. There was an area where you could camp near a lake and somehow get massages and meals and internet access in the lodge to the north end. He had asked her to go with him to spend the next weekend with his family. It was a casual thing that carried none of the usual ridiculous weight of that scenario, and she liked the ease of it.


They had spent Sunday afternoon catching up on back episodes of Saturday Night Live. She loved their Sunday morning tradition of Saturday Night Live and then brunch and then the crossword, maybe spend an hour or two on the latest project. And after they would meet up with their friends. It had quickly become her favorite day. It was a perfect day. The past few weeks they had not been able to get themselves out of bed. They were tireless in their physical infatuation with each other. And that had not eased up at all. He told her everyday, your body is a wonderland. And while it was a line, it was a good one. And it seemed to be true. And so when they finally had fucked each other senseless, they were ravenous and S N L had been postponed and postponed again for the most enjoyable of reasons. Had she mentioned she was happy?


They were reaching the fake news portion of the previous week’s episode (her favorite part) when he got a phone call. It was work. They had a project launching the next day with a fussy client. There might be a problem. Could he come in? Flattery was abused, comp hours were promised, and so he broke away from their Sacred Sunday to head to the office. He promised to be back for dinner and dessert -- wink wink -- and drug her to the door with him kissing and kissing and not letting go until he had to let go. She smiled as she closed his door behind him and walked on the trail of clouds back to the couch to sit in her underwear and read. She was sad he had to leave, but It was going to be a lovely Sunday anyway.


She squished into the couch, novel held to her heart when she noticed the stack of journals on the floor. Were they always there or was he cleaning out his old high school heart pourings? Oooh, she thought. Boyfriend’s high school angst. This is going to be amazing. She cast her novel aside for a much more entertaining hour and snatched up the top journal. She closed her eyes, prayed the first words she read would be “Dear Diary” and opened to random page.


<date month, date day, date year. No. A month ago? He wrote in a journal now. She looked more closely at the journals. They had years written on them. And they were the last eight years. Boyfriend wrote in a journal. And he wrote a lot. She was disappointed that she was not going to have fodder to mercilessly mock him with when he returned. And before she put the journal back, she decided to flip to the page after their epically beautiful date night with their best friends. It was so a night of drinks and laughs and the best sex they or probably any two people have ever had. It was amazing. She felt warm just remembering the night. It couldn’t hurt to read how amazing he thought it was. And then she would read no more.


But he didn’t mention how amazing he thought it was.


I’m frustrated with her again. I wish things were better with us. I think she’s just not like me. She almost seems like she’s just going along with the projects, not like she really cares about them, not like being artistic and creative is part of her soul, like she needs it to feel alive. We have fun, sure. But sometimes I think the sex is what keeps us together. I don’t think she has an artistic vision for her life. I don’t even know what her goals are. Sometimes when we’re painting I wonder if she’s just doing it for me, to make me happy. But what does she want. Sometimes I just look at her across the room and my heart feels repulsed. My body is always attracted, but her being just slides off my heart.


What. The fuck.


I had dinner with L last week. I guess i’m sexually attracted to her. She just seems more like me. She has to be an artist or she’ll die. I have a crush on her.  L said that she seemed nice but like she was a different sort of person than me. I think she’s right. No one will ever be R. R is the only one I’ll ever love, of course. That’s my life. I love travel and art and R. That’s it. It’s just nice to have a girlfriend. It’s nice to have someone to do things with. And we have fun and there’s always something fun coming up on the calendar. But she’s not that fun. But. It’s just not right. We’re just not right. Sometimes things are great but sometimes I loathe her. I don’t care about her friends. I’d rather do anything than spend time with her family. But it’s nice to have a girlfriend. So I guess we’ll just see. I should end things. But we’ll see. I really want to go to Guatemala next month, so maybe after that.


She wasn’t sure how long she sat there just staring at the open pages. She flipped back a few pages and forward a few pages, but it was all the same. He had crushes on everyone else, anyone who was unattainable. And her … he didn’t love. At all. He constantly bemoaned his fate of having her. He was all melancholy and discontent in print. Who was this person? The person she had been dating had been so--- She thought they were so good together, so rarely peaceful and easy. They were perfect. Her newly built world came crashing down around her so fast she couldn’t process it, couldn’t cry, couldn’t blink.


She left the journal open on the coffee table. Yeah, she was openly telling him that she had read his journal. Fuck it. Fuck him. She didn’t care, couldn’t care, couldn’t think. She grabbed her bag and her keys and walked out of his apartment in her underwear. There is no way she could have operated a pair of pants.




  
  


She called Joana and heave- cried at her. She couldn’t form sentences. She couldn’t make the words come out. Couldn’t explain. She just ached and all that would come out was unfiltered emotion, pain. And Joana let her and cried with her and for the life of her couldn’t figure out what she could do this time to take care of her and make it better. She picked her up and brought her to their house and kept her there for three days. And for three days, they got her out of bed and put a cup of coffee in her hand. And then they talked and they hugged her. And then they let her nap. They got her up and put food in front of her and a glass of wine in her hand. And then they put her to bed again.


On that third day, she took the cup of coffee and decided that this was the last of her wallowing. She knew what to do.


  
  


the cab driver was late. she knew better than to use technology rather than talking to live person when time was important. she was not good at not being anxious. he finally arrived thirty minutes late. not late by normal going- places standards but very late when that going- place is the airport. She was a mountain of stress. she hated feeling this way but she was a nervous traveler. arrive early, travel is easy. arrive late, travel is the most stressful day of your life. there were dealines and you had to depend on others to meet those deadlines. she didn't like this combination.
the driver then-- what was he doing? driving in circles. he was taking his time. or he just didn't know where he was going. or he just was not good at his job. but she knew not to complain, not point out the time, not to mention that she needed to catch a flight. cab drivers owned this town. and no one got anywhere without them. he could kick her out. he could drive her far out of town and dump her. and then where would she be? dependent on the kindness of other drivers, if any passed by and if any of the kind variety were to be found
personal cars had been outlawed ten years ago. They were deemed to dangerous. Accidents had risen sharply. Cars had become more automated to increase safety, but people had gotten lazy. They had taken advantage of the increased autopilot features to dress and groom and work in the car. There were podcasts and video channels broadcast while personalities commuted or drove cross country. People did crazy things, and all of these crazy things were being recorded and broadcast to the world. There was the woman who <something something>. There was the all road head porn channel. There was that group of teenagers whose band only performed in vechical. They took out a bus of elementary school gymnasts on the way to a competition. This was the end signal. The autopilot still needed a human but humans had abdicated their role. Humans needed to be busy. she thought she'd read that in a science magazine somewhere -- humans needed to be engaged. It was hardwired in their brains. So when humans weren't engaged, they found something else to engage in. <The wonders and troubles of our brains, she thought.>
After cars were taken off the roads, motorcycles and other scooters went next. These were deemed safer but suddenly the roads were flooded with an avalanche of individual machines. It was a mess. And why risk it? The League of Concerned Parents were the ring leaders. Their impassioned pleas to congress, the constant screenings of the gruesome videos, the heart wrenching stories of children lost or left motherless. Public pressure was huge.
Urban megacities fared okay. They had subways and lightrails in place. They immediately became over crowded even with the increase of cars and frequency. But people could still get where they needed to go. Remote work became the norm. The government required companies to allow for it and provided incentives. Who could get to work if it was not within walking distance? And the streets were unsafe, so keep the people home!
Smaller cities and towns without the infrastructure suffered. The government started a national project to set up city run city- wide access to the interconnection network. Special concessions were made for labors on these projects. They traveled by ultrabusses driven by highly educated, highly skilled, and most of all highly paid drivers. This is probably were the idea took hold. Exclusivity had crippled the country. There was a huge opportunity.
For once, it started in the small towns -- towns where building autotrains were not feasible, too expensive, or just didn't make sense. Permission was secured from the government and training schools cropped up. These schools were military grade with ivy leage exclusivity. Only a few vechicles were allowed in towns and they were highly sought after. People paid for service, for preference. Drivers quickly recognized their place in the new world hierachy and demanded more for emergencies or special occasions. Car services became the new small town mob.
Within a year or two, subways and trains fell to attacks, sabotage, domestic bombs. The big city heavy hitters were not going to miss out. With politicians bribed or blackmailed, it was a rather easy and swift take over. It was masterful, really. A swell of fear in the people can so easily turn into control by the few.
And here they were. She mentally calculated how much he could inflate the price before she'd have to get out and walk. She kept a smile on her face and admiration in her voice. She'd found this worked best. Never ever show displeasure with the system. This was the best system. Be grateful for the system. Feed the system.
She'd spent the first year like everyone else -- baffled that this had come to be. Confused every time it happened, slowly realizing that it would happen every time. Extortion. She spent the next year wearing out a pair of walking shoes. Bicycles had all but disappeared from existence. They were stolen or destroyed -- sometimes while porting a rider. It was unsafe. She stayed put. It was the tactic of many. Stay home. Stay within your immediate. Stay in fear. And then she became angry. How was she trapped? How was she only able to visit far away friends over videoconnect? This was wrong.
There was growing dissent among the people. They felt caged. She felt caged. Travel was unsafe. The Government flooded the connectlines with stay- at- home propganda. The world was unsafe. They could protect them in their homes. They cared. This is why they trained and provided their transporters. Because they cared about protecting them.
And protect them they did in their armored cars with armored tires that housed a back end remineincent of a steel box with seats. It protected the riders from outside attacks, attempts at communte jackers, restisters to the system. But it also protected the transporters from the riders and gave him the ability to lock them in and keep them locked in until authorities could arrive -- or until unofficial authorities could arrive. This latter case was the most prevailent now. And the transport authorities were almost always compromised, so it did not matter much.
She never traveled alone for the obvious reasons. but sometimes traveling in groups did not discourage the most vile of transporters from doing their most vile. She knew the risks. She trained everyday. She was fast and strong and knew every week point on the human body. A group of resistors also held self defense classes. These included classes on mechanics, lock picking, and general connect tech training at the local Home Depot. These were often called "stenciling borders in your kitchen!" or "planting the right vegetables for summer!" In areas with large resistor pockets, "lawncare and you" would teach you how to hotwire a transport vehical. She had learned a lot about lawncare in the past year. She would not be caught unaware again.
She had been in a group transport to a farm an hour out of the city. It was a montly and much needed trek. Local establishments ran out of fresh food quickly. Rooftop farms were doing their best but their patronage had grown times ten. People could not cook regularly for themselves without home farms and few had the land or money for it.
There was a couple behind her. They were so loud. She knew at the time that they weren't that loud but they had those voices. The ones that rang out, carried, and embedded themselves in your brain. They echoed in the transport and breached even her two earphone system with noise canceling built in. How were they so loud. And didn't they realize that everyone was captive to their bellowing laughter, baby talk, and bleating curses and foul descriptions. It was painful. But the trip was only an hour. You could endure anything for an hour. And fresh vegetables were on the other end. Her body was crying out for food that didn't come from a can.
Apparently she wasn't the only person bothered. The driver had been ... listening? That was odd. He could shut them out. There was steel between them and he communicated rarely and then only through the sound system. Had he been listening and just decided that he hated them? Or 
The car came to a screeching halt. He flew from the front armed and angry. He pulled both of them from the back and had them lie on the ground where he assaulted them. He continually kicked on in the belly and ribs holding his stun gun at the other making her watch. He then stunned the man so he couldn't writhe. He just had to lie there paralyzed unable to react to his pain. And he had to be in so much pain. Each breath must have been blinding. He turned his attention to the woman, calling her an insufferable hyena, kicked her once in the soft of her stomach and then stunned her too. He returned to the vehicle to climb back in, thought better of it, returned to the back and thought better of it.
He screamed at the remaining passengers to shut the fuck up that he would not tolerate and more distractions to his mission. A drive to the country is a mission now? He should have known better. He did know better but he was visibly upset but the violence he had just witnessed and couldn't help himself.
And then she was alone in the transport. He made eye contact. And do you have any suggestions or comments you'd like provide in response to my service?
No.
What?
No, sir. I thank you for your service. You serve our country and our people. We grateful.
Thank you for your kind feedback. My employer will be glad to hear that. And I will be sure and note that you are a worthy recipient of our selfless service to man. Unlike these ingrates. You are welcome back in my transport anytime, dear lady. And with an upturned right corner of his mouth, he turned his gun on her.
It was some time during the next week, after all the residual effects of the stun had worn off. After the rubbery feeling of her limbs and the sluggish response of her muscles, the twitch in her eye, laziness in her tongue had dissipated. It was when she was feeling more anger than pain and the bruise on her face was had begun to shift toward the yellow/green section of the color spectrum, that she decided to throw herself  wholly into lawncare education. She had heard such work was stress reducing in these troubled times.
  
<salve for her wounded soul>


<there was seriously a video about beautiful people being discriminated against so they struck out to find other places (ny) where they could find other beautiful people like them. there has got to be something there.>
  
  
It was her first date in ages, and her first blind date ever. She had low expectations. Low expectations were the key to happiness. She'd read that somewhere. She didn't actually have low expectations. She was hopeful. Why couldn't a friend of a friend be a good one or at least a good time or a good reminder. Damnit. Her low expectations were being replaced with hopefulness and wishful thinking.


  
  


She was riding through the streets of Nice on a <some bike name here> she had rented. She didn’t know why she had decided this was proper salve for her wounded soul. Speed, wind, concentration on not Sabine, on not France, on not whatever the fuck had just happened to her life. She just wanted to fly away and this was the closest thing she could think of and still make her exams. Just fast. Faster The winding road between Nice and the border of Italy stretched out before her. It was gorgeous land. The lush verdant cliff side, the sharp drop to the water on her right side, the technicolor blue water stretching out forever. It occupied all her senses and was the first thing that had made her feel better. Not that she felt better. She was fucked in the mind and shattered in her chest. It would take a lot to out- pace these feelings of loss and the undoing of life.


The day was gorgeous to match the ry, to amplify it. She sat on the bike in an out turn taking in the surroundings. The sky was bright blue, the kind of blue that makes you feel that you are looking at the world through a photo filter with the saturation and vibrance <cranked way up>. It was too blue, too bright, too <something something>. The wind was blowing at the perfect level. Enough to keep you cool in the sun but not so chilling as to force you to stand in it. She had heard that the area flooded the the waters with an algae to create the deep, soulful turquoise color to increase tourism. She had researched and discovered that was not even remotely true. But standing there, looking at the perfect water, she started to doubt it again. There was much life in the air. The birds must be on the move. The hills were also impossibly green from recent rains. Her senses were overwhelmed, this was making her feel more not less. She needed to move again. She needed the speed, focus, and assaulting winds. She mounted again and fled the spot of still beauty.


She sped along at speeds she’d not before dared. Where was she going? Anywhere, as long as she got nowhere as fast as she could. She was finally interrupted by a small village 20 minutes outside of the border of Italy. It was small but sported a few lights along the coastal road. She stopped, staring reproachfully at the glowing red light, when she suddenly flew forward off the bike and landed on her hands and knees on the ground as the bike fell over in the other direction. 
Going into defensive mode she jumped up quickly to see what car had hit her and to get out of the way of it or any other danger on the road. She was shocked to see that her assailant was not a tiny euro car at all, but a person. And this person was straddling her rented escape bike, turning the key over and over. She was first stunned that someone had knocked her to the pavement, then confused that the person who had knocked her to the pavement was trying to steal her bike yet didn’t know how to operated one, and then all of her pain and frustration over Sabine volcanoed to the surface. She launched over the fallen bike and lunged into the man’s chest, powering him down. She was shaking him, screaming unintelligibly at him, and as she drew back to throw her her very first punch at the struggling man pinned beneath her, a van screeched up to the light and three grey uniformed men jumped out yelling,  Arrete arrete arrete! Stop! No!


Jolted out of her dazed ferocity she looked down at the man and then inward at herself. What the fuck was she doing? The men flew at them, removing her from on top of him, and dragging him into the car. 


He had fled a hospital near by. He was trying to escape. He was trying to get anywhere else and be anyone else. She burst into body spasming sobs.


  
  


She had been back in Texas for <this specific amount of time that makes sense>.


  
  


I am responsible in all things. In most things. And yet I cannot floss. I floss for several days in a row, sometimes maybe a week, and then it’s like I forget that flossing exists. Why would this be when I spend most of my waking hours concerned with my health -- diet, exercise, vitamins, water intake, am I drinking too much coffee (yes), am I getting the right about of sleep for optimum brain function? I am absurd. And yet, flossing -- you vex me.


Every time while I am making my gums bleed after I realize I haven’t been flossing, I think this takes no time and I kind of like this and ohgod the floss smells dentist said that means death! And yet, 4 days tops and I’m a walking warning sign for the gum disease known as gingivitis. I paid thousands for my perfect teeth -- the fake ones that replaced the originals that were broken out during a beautiful life moment frolicking in the surf with my 4 year old niece. I can see my gum lines receding. I can see it. I don’t want that. I don’t want to lose my teeth, real or counterfeit. So why, why brain? 


Is it because you kind of like that feeling after the first floss of a stretch? You know the one. Your teeth feel a little loose and you grind just a little. It feels good. I admit it. It feels a little like doing drugs. Is that feeling of lying in bed grinding just a bit remind you of the good (terrible) old days of fun and freedom? Could my inability to floss be linked to the grind/drug/lost teeth dreams that I have due to the sensation? 


That can’t be it. Because that would be fucking stupid. It would be better if I just started casually doing drugs again. I live in NYC for oral hygiene’s sake and then at least I wouldn’t be toothless at 40. I don’t think you’re ever going to see that look at fashion week.


So I was at Whole Foods yesterday and saw floss. I need floss. I need to floss. I brought the kind that cost ten times what it should, because, you know, I’m at whole foods. Because this will inspire me -- or more accurately make me feel guilty and obligated. It’s got xylitol! I don’t know what that means, but the bold lettering implies that it’s way better than whatever death-causing things are in your regular mainstream floss, you asshole. (Organic floss is really aggressive.) Let’s do this.


I should probably set an inspiring yet slightly shaming daily google calendar reminder, shouldn’t I? Okay, NOW let’s do this.


  
  


Fuck, massages are nice. I can’t believe he lives to do this. And for hours. And he volunteers. So good. So good. I wish this would last. I wish he would last. I wish there were all this and love. Stop it. Just be present. This feels so nice. He’ll never really love me. Not in the way that feels right to me. He’ll never look at me that way. That way she used to look at me. The way she used to talk to me. Be present. Just be present. Did I finish that script for work? I did. I should probably test more. I’m lazy with testing. How are you thinking about work right now. Be present. I shouldn’t have gone to my ex’s post. I can’t believe she’s getting married. Of course she’s getting married. I can’t believe after all these years of not that I want to get married. My back -- focus on the amazing feeling in my back right now. Fuck her and her cheating. Her marriage will be a farce. Stop. Be present. This boy knows how to use his hands. Being married to the wrong person would be a miserable life. It would make you a miserable person. Be present. Calm your brain. Sometimes I miss being part of the gay community. It’s crazy though. The supreme court better do the right thing. Focus here. Focus now. Be present. Why does he want all of my time and attention when he doesn’t want me. How do people pass time like that. Technically I am passing time exactly like that. Why am I not just moving on. I’m an idiot. Stop. It. Be present now. I need to call my mom. Ack. Be present. Everything is fine. You’re just being casual and enjoying his company and the fun and the killer massages. It doesn’t have to mean everything. Be present. Shake it out of your head. I have so much to do before I leave for California. I should start packing. What suitcase should I bring. I hate roller bags. I need to bring my roller bag. That knot in my shoulder blade kills. How does he find them all. Be present. Enjoy this now. I can’t forget to submit my prescription. I should get detergent while I’m there. I hate making the pharmacist ring up toilet paper when I pick up my medicine. They must think I can’t believe I went to 8 years of school to be a cashier. I’ll pick up the meds first, then buy detergent. And toothpaste. Travel-sized? Will that last me 3 weeks? Probably not. But I could buy more once I’m there. Then I’d just have to pack it home. I should just take a normal size. Be present. Be here. Seriously. That cheese made my stomach hurt. My stomach is gross. I need to work out more. I hate feeling gross. Pilates tomorrow for sure. Shh. Be present. That guy. In your alter-ego town. He looks at you that way. That way you’ve always wanted this boy to look at you. But no. You love this idiot. This idiot that is rocking the shit out of your shoulders. God that’s good. And painful. But so good. What would that other alter-ego life be like. You’d hate him. You’d hate him for loving you. You’d hate him for not measuring up to this level of attraction. Be present be present be present. I wonder if I am incapable of wanting someone who wants me back. I’m stupid. BE PRESENT. Quiet your mind. I am attracted to this one. That is his hand up my inner thigh. Exhale. My body freaks out when he is near. My mind blanks. My ever-spiraling crazy mind blanks. Love? Lust? Suddenly not giving a fuck. Just want to pull his body on top of my body. Can’t think. I’ll just be present.


  
  


It was a first date and an epic one at that. Twelve hours of togetherness, twelve hours of constant talk, twelve hours of never running out of things to say. Well, with the exception of their hour of shared silence, but that was intentional and perhaps a good litmus evaluation of a few things. She could not abide people who could not sit, who could not just sit with their own thoughts, without talking talking talking. Which always said validate me, pay attention to me, what’s on the inside is terrifying. It was rare to be able to sit in silence, so very rare.
they closed down the bar. They had to be asked to leave. They had to be asked twice. They walked down the road in front of the restaurant heading toward the car. They had parked as far as was possible to park and she was glad for it. Despite the rain and the cold, they walked slowly, searching for words to wrap up this unexplainable day. What words properly summarize, properly benedict the end of so many words that came before. 


He stepped up for an attempt at it. So, this project you’re working on? The one where you have to say yes to everything? When does this project start? Do you think a person could get away with exploiting this?


I don’t know. I suppose a person could try.


He paused. Can I kiss you?


Yes.


He unzipped his jacket and stepped closer to her. She stepped forward in return and looked up at him. He slid one hand into her coat, around her back, and pulled her into him. He looked at her, smiled, and then leaned her into her. <something else here>  The kisses were slow and light and teasing. They were very intentional and connected. He moved backward to lean against the car and pulled her forward shifting her across his left leg and running his hands up to her ribcage, gripping her tightly. Kissing her more intensely, he ran his hands up to her throat, holding her head back and kissing her neck. She shook in his hands feeling warm and out of control. He brought her back down with smaller, softer kisses and then took her hands and leaned away, smiling at her, at them.


As the moment <something something - softened? waned? shifted out of>, they realized that they were drenched and standing in the pouring winter rain. They flew into the car and shook uncontrollably for less romantic reasons. She leaned back in the car seat and looked at him. Totally worth the flu this will give both of us, she thought.


You only have one first kiss, he said. And I hope it was memorable with me.


She kept looking at him silently, shaking from the freezing hold. Yes. Definitely worth it.  


  
  


<something something> the throw from the diamond whispers
and my heart like a head in sand
and your arms on a cartoon tiger
a little lie lost in your bed
with your boots tapping country western
your roots showing through again
how your mouth makes the sound of the city now
but your heart’s still spewing southern twang
the song of the morning threshes
and the sun to come to paint it all warm <something all something>
i can almost hear your heart unravel
i can almost feel us getting old
with the night full of starlight laughter
how we fall through the <something> air
see our breath hang in clouds above us
see our words disappear there


sad old sun, send another one
who <rode> and rambled you away
holdin on till another one comes
<when will it> may


sorrow the only sign of weakness
as our eyes closes on our knees
it’s the kick that gets us down
it’s this gracelessness we need
it’s the monster in our many closets
it’s the demon in the rough
in our stack of a thousand needles
it’s the one thing that really cuts
and it’s the turn of the screw that binds us
and it’s our throats tightening slow
it’s the fear, the fear of nothing
it’s the first throes of letting go


sad old sun, here’s another one
the sigh and sing it anyway
when the song is sung, we’ll sing another one
as long as we’re <made>


how your eyes were the <depths?> beauties
and your tongue like a silver snake
how i stood round your fires gazing
how i trembled at the sight of your shape
it’s the dew that beads in your lashes
in the soft soft air
and our hands under covers moving
and the scent of your salted hair
it’s the autumn in your iris
it’s the chill setting in
how i feel just like those leaves in freefall
all just pawns to the wind


sad old sun, send another one
the road will ramble you away
same old song, come on sing along
as long as you may


  
  


<what happened that got us to the point where she knows she has to go? i can’t remember. pull that back in and change this section to match>


She hadn’t talked to him in the past few weeks. Couple of weeks? Handful of weeks? She couldn’t remember. He was constantly trying to get in contact with her. She read his impassioned messages and listened to his imploring voicemails the first week, but after that she had started leaving them unopened. He had been so heartfelt in his pleas. He had sent her lists of the reasons he loved her, written her songs, asked her to come back, to listen. But she felt numb. His words meant so little now. Who could recover from reading such divergent words from where she thought they stood? Who could recover from reading that she was a way to pass the time and so clearly not even a small place in his heart. What was that bullshit. She vowed to never waste another minute. He wasn’t going to love her. He just sought the sense of longing something from afar. What a wasted life he would have.


She had spent the first few days, wallowing in stunned processing. It was so hard to believe at first. And then she started to replay their time together. Maybe it wasn’t so perfect in hindsight? She didn’t know. And it didn’t matter. She shook out of it one day. She had been on a path for a dream life and had been conquering those goals one after another. And then stalled. And then what. She had just … nothing. She’d been having fun in a place she didn’t fully belong or maybe she belonged but she didn’t feel fully comfortable. Maybe she would one day, but many adventures needed to be checked off her checklist before she was ready to settle in to slower and more comfortable.


She spent the next two weeks selling most of her belongings. She rented a storage unit and saved those items she felt a fondness for or needed to hold on to for sentimental reasons -- books, gifts, her grandmother’s stemware that she would never use, mostly books though. She canceled the lease on her apartment and paid the fine for ending their contract early.


She was standing outside of her sister’s big suburban house looking up at it, considering it and all that it held, when two overly energetic girls came racing out, throwing themselves at her. Her sister walked out behind them with a knowing smile. As the kids fought- talked over each other, her sister approached her slowly and gave her a hug squeezing her for a long time. She took her face in her hands and looked at her for a moment. Good for you. Get out of here.


They hugged one last time. She threw the cookies the kids had baked her for the road into the passenger seat of the car on top of the pile of French language study books. She got in, queued up the first of her language study programs -- Advanced French Intro (Conversational), and then she set her navigation to Montreal, city centre and headed out of the suburbs.




  
  


She had a friend visiting from Texas. He was someone she’d known since undergrad. He was kind of an asshole, no one else really liked him, but she always had. He was smart and interesting and did not give in to the rules of southern politeness for a second. She always respected that, even when it made a person a bit unpleasant at times. He was traveling through Nice on his way to the Czech Republic. He was going to visit his girlfriend’s family. Or he was traveling and using my residence and theirs as excuses and free places to stay. Somehow he had gotten a beautiful, sweet Czech girlfriend. Everyone was baffled but she was happy for him. She liked her so much and she had been happy to have a little international light in their friend group. And now she was happy to have a little bit of home abroad. You had days where you needed to feel like you were not an outsider. It passed, but little moments became important <rich, blech, something> and reenergizing.
She took him down the main promenade and up through the <placa> filled with open air restaurants and shops with their sell ables out front. They caught up, they told familiar jokes, they got into an enormous argument about religion. It was just like old times, it was just like home. It was interesting out a thing could feel so far behind you and exactly right at the same time. And she still stood firm that morality could exist in the world without religion. That was just crazy talk.


So after he told her that he could only date women that were conservative, traditional, were women who needed him to provide for them -- not like her, he could never be with someone like her. They both agreed that he was kind of a dick and headed off for the bar.


It was an anglo bar that was sort of cheating on the cultural front, but she didn’t care. She liked it. It was easy. And someone who no doubt go on an anti- US government rant and her conservative friend would be in debating heaven. It was the perfect place for him, really. They hung out together over their first beer, staying mostly to themselves, and then began to mingle. He started up a pool game with a scottish bloke, and she hung at the bar talking to a man from London. He was overly friendly and very handsome. She was into both of these qualities in him, so she decided to linger. She told him she was here with her buddy and needed to collect him soon. He offered to buy a round, which is exactly the way to get included into a new group of drinkers.


She went to grab some seats at the picnic table style benches, her friend returned, and so did the Londoner with a tray of three drinks, two beers and some sort of pink horrid girlie concoction in a glass that looked like it would tip over at the slightest breeze. Thinking she was hilarious, she grabbed the second beer and made her friend suffer through the drink that looked like drag queen threw up. Her new friend looked surprised. Yeah, I do not drink things that color. Seriously, friend. They laughed and swapped stories of living in France. They finished their drinks and headed to the pool table for a game of <what is the name of a three person pool game?>.


She woke up groggily, feeling terrible. She was in her bed, naked, and there was some pounding. What was that pounding. The door? Who would be at the door? You can’t even get into the building without a key. She wrapped the sheet around herself and shuffled in pain to the door. And there on the other side was her friend from Texas. She had never been more confused. 


What the fuck happened to you?


Wait. What? I don’t…


What happened. I looked up and you were gone.


I left? I left you at the bar? When? Wait. What?
 
Yeah, asshole. First you made out with that guy for a while. And then I looked up and you were gone. I stayed at the bar until they kicked me out. I tried to get a hotel room because I didn’t know where you lived, but no one would give me a room at four in the morning. I finally wandered along the water until I saw what looked like your street. I started banging on the door downstairs and screaming at eight o’clock until someone let me in. And then I’ve been banging out here for two hours. You seriously didn’t hear me?


No. I don’t. I don’t remember anything. Jesus. I feel sick. I’m going to be sick. She went to vomit in the sink and had to step over a broken jar of peanut butter on the way. What happened there.


I don’t. I’m sorry. I have to go back to sleep. I’m sorry.


She woke up at six in the evening, which was remarkable for a girl who could never sleep in. She snuck out for hangover food and returned to make up. But she did not expect him to take her groveling. There is no way she would have. They sat at the table staring at each other for a few minutes, picking at their croissants.


So. I. I’m so sorry. I must have had too much to drink?


Yeah you must have. Fuck. Seriously. … but when did you do shots at the bar or something?


No. I … we didn’t drink at dinner, right? Then we had that first beer. Then that guy bought us a round. And then … I don’t remember anything. It’s like a curtain fell down on the night. It’s just black from sitting at the table on.


Oh fuck. That dude drugged you. I knew he looked weird when you didn’t come back from the bathroom. We kept playing pool for a little while. And he just looked … not surprised. 


No way. That can’t be. But … I do only remember the two drinks. Did you see me drink more?


No. Just those two and then your face was on his face so you didn’t really have the time.


I made out with him? Super. Friend, I’m so sorry. I don’t remember anything.


No, it makes sense now. I have done G H B for fun. And that’s pretty much how it goes. There’s a singular moment when it all goes black and you don’t remember anything.


Why would that be fun? Sorry. Different conversation. I am fucking blown away right now. I mean, I am proud that my body went into protective mode and made me flee the situation. I’m shocked that I made it home in piece that fucked up. And I cannot believe that I left my friend in a bar. In France. I left my friend in a bar in France. That is so fucked up. I’m so glad you’re okay. I’m just. I’m so sorry.


I know. I know. I’m glad you’re okay. And all that shit. Let’s just leave it. Buy me a pizza, yeah? I’m tired as shit and I’m hungover and France is pissing me off.


Fair enough. I’m really sorry.


I know.


I’m really really so sorry.


I know. Shut the fuck up. Pizza.


Pizza. Yeah.


  
  


MORE WORDS.


Okay. So i need to write words. I need to write so many words. I need to brain dump. That above story went pretty well. It does not fit in terrible well. but that’s okay. we’ll bring it in. it will work. this entire thing is just an exercise in how i can vomit words and then editing SO MUCH EDITING will make it not the worst shit in the entire word. i like editing better anyway. then you get to choose pretty words and make it pretty and witty and more interest. and good god to you need to work on that don’t tell, show thing. jesus. this is the worst offender of that ever. and you are totally cheating right now. BUT. the fact that you are going to have to replace ALL of that summary style writing with actually acting it out means that this thing will be twice if not three times as long once, you take this shizen out and add in the other stuff. so you’re good. she says to herself to make her feel better. okay you have to go to the christmas store with your family right now on black friday. it will be the worsst thing ever. steel self.


----
----


I lied when I said that we should break up because we weren’t in love. What I meant and was afraid to say was because you weren’t in love. You’ve never cared for being told how you feel and saying that out loud felt too sad.


I know what I mean when I say love is different than what you mean. I mean openness and affection and care. You’ve twisted it to mean something nebulous and unattainable -- something to withhold for self-protection and control under the guise of purity of concept. Here we’re going with my definition.


I loved you. I loved your from early on when I was so surprised and moved by the little things in the mail and in google documents. It’s stupid that I never told you. I tell everyone else. I loved you for your initial effort and your dedicated selfishness and for the adventurous short-attention span life that we could have and for that face. I’m not sure how I feel now. Love warps with lack of care and reciprocation into unpleasant jealous and needful versions of itself.


But you didn’t love me back. That was what was wrong. That was always what was wrong. I knew from the beginning. And this awareness made me shrink. Who I was wasn’t loved so I retreated to hide her -- this person who was unloveable. Distance improves clarity and it is strange to me that I behaved that way or that I continued trying to win in a place that was never pulling for me.


I’m not sure what the point of this is. Possibly to give some structure to our breakup. One should be careful of loneliness masked as missing and romanticism cloaked as longing. I regret not telling you that I cared. I regret not telling you that I wasn’t getting what I needed. I regret not standing tall and proud and full of self, regardless of how your felt. After all, I was never really a contender in your garden of ghosts and left-open doors to the past. Had I behaved differently, things may have ended just the same but perhaps there would be less frustration , confusion, annoyance mixed in with the parting sadness.




----
----


i was walking home from a disappointing night out in nashville. i had been certain that i would run out of time to see it all. I had imagined sauntering bar to bar listening to old men play old country at every stop, my heart swelling with every lyric of a broken man or a good woman, my cheeks tear-streaked from the soulful heart-pourings of prairie-hardened men. in reality the section of town to which i had been directed was bourbon street gone country -- in too many cases gone 80s cock rock. the drunken sartorially-challenged gorillas stumbling about even sported the sequined hats and beads of mardi gras colors for some reason. it was september. and it broke my unswollen heart.


so back i strolled enjoying the night. i walked up behind two men on a street corner. one was probably the drunkest man in the world. the other, i’d say he ranked around 4th drunkest. they were not-so-slightly swaying from the night’s revelries. the drunkest man in the world looked up and his eyes went round. Hi. What’s your name? You’re pretty. I want to hold your hand. Can I hold your hand? i was particularly amused by this boy. i think it was his absurd level of intoxication, that drunkenness brought out the sweetiepie romantic in him, and that i could probably knock him over with an unstable thought. at this point drunkest’s friend decided to be my shining knight, my protector, the self-appointed savior of my night and virtue.


exaggeratedly aghast, he pulled his friend away Dude, stop it. I’m sorry ma’am. My friend has had a little too much to drink tonight. We’re from Detroit. it’s okay. it’s fine. looks like you guys had a great night. i walked on amused, possibly enjoying that i wouldn’t be leaving the this legendary town without human interaction after all.


they continue their wobble home behind me. 
Dude. Dude. But I just want to talk to her, you know? I mean, look at her ass. I just want to touch it.
Dude! Stop it. You cannot touch her.
But just look at it. Isn’t that a great ass. Admit it. It is
It is. But you can’t touch her. Leave her alone.
But i want to touch it. I want to touch it so bad.


i was trying really hard to not hugesmile at this amazingly self-esteem boosting conversation, when drunkest boy decided to make a run for it. it being my ass. he broke away from fourth drunkest’s  grasp on his arm and made a running lunge -- or more like staggering forward somewhat-reaching motion -- at my backside. The drunkard universe was not on his side and his flailing hand missed its mark. fourth drunkest pulled him away. Dude! What are you doing?! You cannot touch her! I’m so sorry, ma’am. He’s harmless. I’m so sorry. I’ll keep him in line. It’s fine, really.


again i resumed my entertaining walk toward the hotel. drunkenness was hilarious in this harmless, puppy dog moony form. drunkest could not quit his mission. he made another running attempt at me, again missing, and almost going down because of the momentum of his swinging ass-grabber. again, fourth, with a great show of chivalrous horror, pulled him away. an argument about the quality of my ass and its touchability ensued. i was swallowing my laughter with all my energy.


then the point arrived that sadly always does. fourth, frustrated with Drunkest’s behavior and refusal to listen to knightly instruction, pushed him into a city planter. anger finally flared in drunkest and he launched himself at his friend. he swung the first punch. and missed. completely. fourth then swung back. and missed. after four non-connecting punches they resorted to tackling with more success. they went down to the sidewalk and sloppy, whiskey-weak wrestling began. 


i fought the urge to stay and watch this play out. i  really wanted to see the final  where they realize neither of them have a fight in them and that they are laying on the sidewalk in the middle of nashville, tennessee -- and hopefully laugh? but as i seemed to be the feather that set off the trigger of this little theater, i chose to walk away. 


i headed to my hotel bar rather than my room. nashville had turned out to be entertaining after all and i was suddenly  up for another act.


----
----


I too was thrilled when the Nicer Stuff trends began. Beer that was interesting. Cocktails with odd history. Wine illuminated the difference. Foods that never should have shared a plate but blew your mind. Hailing from a land where food choices varied only among shades of brown and drinking anything but budweiser warranted a beatdown, I could not have been more excited.  


I ate foods never imagined and learned odd tricks of chefs from far away lands. I drank cocktails mixed of ingredients other than sugar and colored sugar. I drank beers brewed with care by a guy who lived in town, whose passions were printed directly on the label (designed by his sister). We had fun.


Then it changed. Slowly at first. A friend refusing to eat here. A friend going without rather than drink a merlot there. And then you all became wholly intolerable. 


What once made for fun gastronomic adventures and lighthearted forays into fanciness planted a dark seed. And nurturing this with just the right mixture of artisanal whiskey and locally sourced goat heart tartare, you have turned into unendurable snobs, irrationally rigid trend-sumers, and harrowingly boring conversationalists.


Eating frog livers is your new passion and only interest?
You send back your sazeracs when the lemon rind is not singed just so?
You complain through an entire outing that your beer is served in the wrong style of glass?
You cut off my stories of good humor to interject, 
   “You ate there?” 
   “The service was atrocious. We’ll never go back.”
   “That place couldn’t make a decent French 75 to save its license.”
You gape incredulously that I would eat at that restaurant -- the one my niece chose for her birthday dinner and called begging me to go. When she turned 6.


Might I mention how recently you drank brandless beer from a bong? Everclear from an ice luge?
That I have seen you eat pizza that has fallen on the sidewalk. Twice.
That I have squired you to the Whataburger drive-through more times that I can count.
And that drink you love? In the NYT annual top cocktail list? You thought it tasted like diesel last year..


And so you have driven me away. 
I love to eat, to drink, to be merry. But I loathe your company.
And so I retreat back to my taco joint -- the one that will never be discovered as a hidden gem, the one that sells average-tasting, run of the middle-american mill tacos. 
Because the conversation is delightful. 


----
----


  
  


She sat on the wall taking in the sprawling sea of orange below her. On game days, the town was awash in team spirit. Perhaps not just on game days, during sporting season. Which was most of the time. This was a sport town. Everyone had a team. Everyone cared about the prevailing of their team to the point of fist- to- cuffs once a few beers were in play. It was a fascinating cultural phenomenon. She watched the  flow back and forth. There was screaming. There was wooing -- which was not so different than screaming. There were high fives and back slaps. There were orange clothes -- some made in tiny child sizes so that full grown women could show team spirit. The enthusiasm seemed to come in waves. Woo! Drinkdrink. Woo! The sun was dropping in the sky, giving the clouds a highlight quite similar to the human ground cover below. The first crack in the camaraderie showed. To now, everyone had been on the same team -- their choice of shirts had proved it. But a man, that man right there had stepped backward into another man who was holding three beers at the time. They spilled. And this was enough to turn the team mates, the co-cheerleaders, into opponents. First came the shouting. Then came a curse thrown in one direction and then thrown back. The curse caused the shove. And then the shove caused the first punch. It did not connect but the intention sufficed and fist was throw from the other side. A few friends came to help. This made the skirmish swell rather than retreat. And the ripples radiated outward. Once seed of aggression was enough to temper the homogenous jubilance of the crowd. Additional scuffles did not immediately break out, but revelers now eyed other revelers. Fans looked around casually now in self-awareness rather than in search of someone to toast. She hopped from the wall and walked away.


  
  


She had a date. She had met her in the bar the night before. It was loud and she had been drunk, but she definitely had a date. This detail she had not forgotten. And with an exhalation of relief, she had gotten confirmation on the walk to the meeting spot. See you in a short few. It had read. She was trying not to be excited. They had kissed. They had drunk kissed. Okay, they had sloppy drunk bar made out. She did not care. She needed a sloppy drunk bar make out. This was possibly the only option allowed to her by her psyche at the present time. She had agreed to another round -- a date, possibly ending the same or ending further down the naked line of progression. It was distraction and she was all about distraction.


Walking down the road, dressed for the night out, she was checking herself. She reapplied chapstick and popped a breath mint. A girl should be prepared. A woman drove up in a mid model peugeot. She pulled over and rolled down her window. Hi, she said. Hi … she said back. Wait. Was this the same woman? She … did not recognize her. But, this was her, yes? Of course it was. She was drunk. Of course this was her, How embarrassing. 


Do you want to get in? 
Sure. Thanks for picking me up on the way. How are you?


Yes. I am well.  So, we shall go to my place, then yes?


Oh. Okay. I thought we would have dinner first.


Dinner. You want dinner? I thought we would get together. Begin.


Well, we don’t have to. I just thought … ?


What is your name? How long have you been in Nice?


What? Wait. You’re not Holly?


… No. 


Shitshitshit.


She opened the door and bailed out of the stranger’s car immediately. The stranger who thought she was a prostitute. How did that just happen. Oh yes, she thought. She drank too much.


She power walked away from the  and toward the meeting spot she and Holly had chosen. She was there just as she said she would be, leaning against a post.


Bon soir. I’m so sorry I was late. I got lost momentarily. I”m so sorry.


Non non. C’est bon. I was late aussi. I have only now just arrived. So dinner, yes? Je suis si faim. Do you hunger for italian or seafood? I think fish.


Whatever you wish. I am hungry too. Let’s go, yes?


They sat at the restaurant and ordered. The wine came and began to calm her nerves and round her edges as it always tended to do. The appetizer arrived and they dove in. The food was good. Thank goodness the food is good, Holly said. I was about to ask to leave. There are Armenians at the table by the window. I hate Armenians. They are a disgusting people. Thank goodness they are finishing up. I cannot be in the same room. Disgusting.


She sighed so audibly that Holly stopped her diatribe. But only momentary. She paused long enough to realize her dates disapproval and took this as fuel to double down. Haters do love to convince others to hate, don’t they. She threw back her glass of wine and ordered the rest of the bottle.


  
  




i keep thinking of this article that was posted and passed around and made women raise their fists and say hey yeah! it was half about lazy character development and half about the detrimental social impact of such lazy character development. it was about manic pixie girls. it was about stories and movies who follow that boy who is lost until he finds that magical girl who saves him through her lust for life and deep wisdom. she always looks amazing. she always says the insightful, inspiring thing that makes him say whoa and look at the world through different eyes. she is not a person, she is a mythical creature whose only purpose is to Save Boy and turn him into the man he is clearly meant to be.


now that it has been pointed out, i see it everywhere. i see it in every movie trailer and in every book i read. the synopsis of 90% of media could be Lost Boy Saved by Angel Girl. and i think i am most disturbed by how much i see it in myself.


i’m a saver. i’m sensitive and empathetic. i hug. i comfort. i advise. i focus on others because it is the caring thing to do. i don’t know that i take joy in it. i enjoy being nice to people and making them feel good, yes. but i think i also expect the Lost to write me into their story as the do-gooder love-interest. afterall, in the movie, the Saved Boy eventually realizes the Savior Girl has not only helped his life but holds his heart.


and this is crap. because the piece is right. boys -- people -- expect this. they are entitled to this. they read the books and watch the movies. they can fuck up and be self-absorbed and the Girl will appear and finally make everything make sense. she will make him finally want to change his ways. she will give him a feeling that encompasses all things, all parts of his life -- work, family, friends, life enjoyment will all be fixed without work on his part. she will inspire. she will challenge. she will motivate. she will be all good. but. what the movies leave out is that she is a person. she has a life. no one’s purpose is to inspire YOU. she has a life and goals and dreams. remember? she is not perfect because she is human. just like him. she has bad days at work -- and she actually works. she has bad hair days and bad self-esteem days. just like him. and this is so very disappointing. because where is she, this perfect girl who is to be my muse? 


and now i sit. still i have fleeting compulsions to fix his shit, to point out where his logic is so flawed, to show him where the cracks are. cracks that exist in him, not me. why does my brain do this? all fixing and saving should be focused on me and my life. he does not see his narcissism, nor will he ever. he continues to seek his perfect saving pixie. and i do not want to play this role. i don’t even want a supporting role. but still my mind spins and spirals. with time and distraction, this will lessen. but i hope to remain mindful of this. of my own contribution to this phenomenon. and engineers expect fewer mythical creatures in their lives. remember this when the next one doesn’t write or paint or play guitar.






The wind howled like she had never heard it before. It sounded feral, wild, vicious. The walls groaned against the unfamiliar force. Windows shook in fear and uncertainty. And she sat there looking out. She watched pieces of trash and life fly by that should not be flying by, that should be too heavy and too properly grounded to be flying by. It was unsettling. She had never felt so unsettled. Everything felt wrong, unstable. The others in the house were in the interior, paying little attention to the swirl outside. She could not look away.


In the common room they were playing music, making sounds that did not sounds like music, but rather a surreal 1960 science fiction sound track to the climatic madness in front of her. She had a notebook in her lap for something, she was not quite sure what, but she could not break her gaze from this monster.


She decided to climb to the roof. The door opened up to an eerie silence for sleepless city. All human and mechanical sounds were <some adj> silent. Nature was taking her stand this night. 


She knew being rooftop was probably not wise, but how could she not feel this on her body. She ventured out and let the wind knock her around for a bit. It was fearsome. It was invigorating to feel such a force, an invisible force capable of completely gusting its way with her, a force that could trump her force unexpectedly with no notice.


Back in the safetly of the door way, she looked across the city. A semi- spherical neon green glow swelled the size of a small building  and receded within seconds. And section by section, the city fell dark to match its quiet.




 




She was puttering around her sisters house. She had been babysitting the girls while they went out. They almost never went out. The classic fears were so often true. She was wandering around the television slash/ game slash/ junk room, looking for some way to be helpful or something to do besides raid a fully stocked refrigerator, such a rarity in her world.


She started browsing through the closet, filled with old games, many from their childhood. She remembered spending so many summer days playing cards and monopoly and rumicube and sorry and legos and licoln logs. She wondered if her nieces played these relics or if they were video game only kids. There was a box of old odds and ends and dolls or parts of dolls. There were tapes and cds and various other relics of the digital rebellion. And then she saw a dvd labeled <hometown homefries>. This is what she and her sister had called the version of themselves that had existed when they were small, when they lived in that small country town place. It was easier to talk of themselves as different incarnations rather understand how they could have been that then and this now. She smiled and grabbed it. She had found her evening adventure.


She popped it in the machine that the kids used to play Barbie vs. Alien (or whatever those little weirdlets played). And up popped an image of herself at a very small age. She was sitting on the couch with her sister and they were … being interviewed by their father? Yes. Her sister must have converted old tapes when she did her big house clean up. Her sister had inherited all the family memorabilia as she had been constantly been spouting her plans for a nomadic lifestyle.


He asked the classic question that all adults asked youngsters: what do you want to be when you grow up. My sister said farmer -- both funny and very odd in hindsight. She did love animals as a little one. Now she did not have a house full. Though she did have kids, and that totally counted. And then she went back to playing with the two dolls that she was holding. And then her father asked her, weetheart, what do you want to be when you grow up?


Little tiny version of her answered,
I want to invent new food. I want to take junk food and make it healthy for you so it still tastes like junk food but you don’t get big. Like, chicken fingers but that are healthy like vegetables. I think it would be dots that you take and you sprinkle all over junk food and then you could still eat the junk food but you would be super really healthy. And then I would get get super rich and super famous for inventing the dots that make everyone able to eat junk food.


And what would you do once you were rich and famous?


I would run away so no one could find me.


Really? Why is that? Where would you go?


So no one would bug me! But I would invite friends and family. You could come, daddy. I would build a biiiiiig mansion but I would hide it in a mountain so no one could find it. And you would have to know the secret code to find it. And then I would have to let you in. And then once you were inside I would have only junk food! and slides. I would have slides everywhere. There would be water beds in the bed rooms and when you wanted to you could push a button and a slide would open up. But it would be a different slide every time. Like sometimes it would be a curly cue slide and some times it would just go straight down or it would go like this back and forth and back and forth or sometimes it would go like really high and then back down again and then up real high and then down again. And then there would be a cabinet where when you opened it any food you wanted would be in there. it would just magically know and it would be there and it would be delicious. it would have a big yard. like really really big, it would be like ten hundred yards and my friends could come over and we would play in it all the time. And there would be a pool. There would be ten pools! and they would have slides and super tall slides and water spray jet things. And there would be dolphins in the pools that would play with us. And we would play chase with the dolphins and have swimming obstacle courses. And sometimes I would chase them with swimming bicycles. And they would be my friends.


That is quite ambitious. If there were a good reason to try to become famous playing with dolphins in your own obstacle course pool is definitely one of the best ones.


I know! And you can come! It will be sooooo fun.


You had better get working on that junk food dots idea.


What?


The dots that make junk food healthy?


Yeah! Then everything will taste so good!




She sat there for a minute a little stunned, a little amused at the spastic, ambitious little homefry. That was a good plan, she thought. She smiled at her hometown homefry heart.






She drove down the endless stretch of asphalt, the land to both sides was barren and dusty. It was not charred but it looked as if it were. It existed in the constant appearance of post- burn <raze? word for burn to ground>. It too stretched out forever on both sides, morose and desolate. She had never felt the land else where like she did here. It felts so … lonely to her. 


She hadn’t been back in a decade, maybe more. It felt different now. She had hated it so much when she had been trapped here. The lifeless <ugliness> was the perfect backdrop for the place that had only felt like ignorant judgement as a child. Even so young, she knew the hate made no sense. She had wanted out so desperately. And now that she was no longer held here in this place, she could see the melancholy draw of it. It was land forever. It was ugly, but nothingness has always been attractive to some part of the soul, the part that flinches when the first building goes up to mar a wash of green in the distance.


New eyes. She had a different perspective now. She had seen the world. She had seen everything. And now she saw this again freshly. It was not fresh. After the expanse of pump jacks and mesquite, there came rough neck land, miles of oil field equipment manufacturers and warehouses. This was where the pipes and drill bits were made that kept this entire region alive. And then eventually there was an explosion of chain stores and restaurants that inevitably come on the opposite side of town, so the rough necks who make it and move up to operator have a place to go, have a place to go on the opposite of where they were.


She was drawn to ghost town style feel of this <another word for dusty> industrial sub town. Her father had asked her to be careful. She had made a joke in response. Some word play to tell him that he was being silly for worrying. He laughed, like he always did. But then followed up with stories of how oil field workers toiled long hours and drove oversized trucks. They were tired. He said people died every day on these roads now. Then it wasn’t so funny.


She saw this all with new eyes. She stopped to take photos of the foreverness, to take video of the slow cyclical movement of a pump jack, to take a snap shot of a barbed wire fence to post somewhere to show her northern friends. She had a sudden uncomfortable awareness of herself, in aviator glasses, a beanie, skinny jeans taking photos with an expensive camera along the side of the road. These were not sights. These were the labors of men. Men who worked harder than she would ever work. She had a flash of recognition. 


Her friends always said “I don’t understand Republicanism. How do people become Republican?” She thought she might be seeing it now. The popular face of this industry was the fat, bald man in the two thousand dollar suit who made billions of dollars a year while killing baby seals and storks on the side. But she was looking at the heart of the industry right now. Dust, rust, grit. Men who work too hard in one hundred and fifteen degree summer heat, going home dirty and sun burnt hoping to be foreman one day or operator. Hoping to be one of them. One day they might wear that suit and not have to wash their hands over and over and over again before being allowed in their own homes. 


Her heart felt heavy. She felt a kinship to this land she hadn’t expected, to its hardships. She had had different hardships. They didn’t quite compare, but she still thought this land changed you. In one way or another. This day, she didn’t want it to end for a reason she could not quite place. She wanted to just sit and stare at it, absorb it. After so many years of blocking out this place, of making a joke of it, exaggerating it for laughs and sympathy, of compartmentalizing it in a way she didn’t have to process, she wanted to remember it as it really was or as it was now. Perhaps both.



