

New Seattle Spaceport, Earth II

Kiri te Nala eyed the holovid marquee across the concourse. Her insides knotted with nerves. Starfall, which meant the display changed from Quasi-ball to the big event, StarLotto. The game that was going to solve all her problems—she hoped.

Intent on the brilliant turquoise levitating ball, she didn’t notice her customer until he spoke.

“Buy a Lotto marker?” His deep, smooth voice was traced with amusement.

With an effort, Kiri focused on the man standing at her counter. It was polished to a gleaming black—no thanks to the Lower Aquarian who had trailed slime all over it earlier in the evening and left a stench. She’d broken out the big sprayer she kept for emergencies like Bartian visits.

This man was as smooth as her counter, in the metaphoric sense. He certainly wouldn’t slime anything he touched. She had to look up to meet his gaze and his broad shoulders blocked a chunk of her view. Unlike many residents of Earth II, his skin was clear and healthy, his gaze direct under his heavy, arching brows.

For a few secs Kiri gazed back, his words a pleasant echo in her mind. Wow. His eyes were the dark gray of the heavy clouds that always hung over the Sound. Only when they narrowed slightly in speculation was she jerked from her reverie.

“What?” She straightened, her face heating. Smooth, Kiri, very smooth. Gonna drool and slime him like the Lo-Aq? For one crazy instant she visualized herself offering to spray him like her counter.

“Yeah, I have a marker,” she said, finally remembering his question. Her voice, always husky, cracked with embarrassment.

Then a flash of turquoise over his shoulder caught her eye. She held up one finger, her gaze riveted on the display over the gambling kiosk, heart pounding hard, as if it was trying to climb out of her throat.

“Excuse me one sec. You think about which coffee you’d like. Got some new Pangaean dark in today. My flavors are all organic, no synthetics.”

He ignored her suggestion, turning to watch with her as numerals began to pop out in long, glittering rows on the ball—Earth numbers around the center, Galactic numerals just below, and the symbols of other planets arrayed above and below. Some of them looked like irregular blobs.

Kiri took a breath and exhaled. This was it—the day she’d planned for.

“One,” she counted under her breath. Without looking, she pulled her comlink from the pocket of her trim black smock and flicked it on. The unit sputtered and she smacked it with the heel of her hand. “Seven.”

She glanced up and back, checking the numbers against her marker, displayed electronically on the tiny screen of her comlink. Although after spending the last three days figuring the probabilities, she knew them by heart. They’d danced through her dreams, luring her from sleep.

Sleep she needed after a week of rioting near the docks, accompanied by the faraway thump of flashbombs and tube rockets. Night after night she woke in a cold sweat, wondering if that last explosion had been nearer to her tiny apartment.

She’d awakened in a sweat this morning, too, but from excitement this time. If her plan worked, she’d be able to afford a new apartment. Not much larger, but if she could sleep safely and shower-dry in a clean tube, she wouldn’t mind. She was tough, but not too tough to appreciate that.

“Three … nine. Four, come on, four. Yes! Just one more …”

The concourse rumbled as a big transport took off overhead. Kiri ignored it, her comlink shaking in her hand, damp with nerves. She rose up on her toes, gazing raptly at the holoscreen.

The final number gleamed. Kiri blinked, unable at first to believe what she saw. “Eleven?” She looked again. “No, it can’t be.”

It should have been a ten shining at the end of the row. Around her, time stilled. Her customer moved, folding his arms across his chest and leaning back against her counter. The coffee machine sputtered as boiling water steamed in the well. A Serpentian female glided past on the concourse, her red-gold snakeskin suit glimmering in the lights. Travelers passed the other way chattering in Galactic, ciphers moving through their own world.

As their ranks parted, movement across the concourse caught Kiri’s eye. The small, crouching figure of a Vulpean lurked behind the counter of the gambling kiosk. His mouth opened in a sly grin, sharp teeth gleaming as he watched her. As their gazes met, his beady eyes widened and he ducked behind the rack of cheap fabricated snacks on his counter.

“You fanged pile of stinking skrog manure,” she said through her teeth. “You cheated me!”

She threw back the end of her counter and bolted through the opening. Dashing across the concourse, she dodged a family of Barillians, leaping over their large luggage hovie-cart. One of the adults trumpeted an indignant protest through the lavender pipes protruding from his head.

“You cheated!” she shouted at the cowering Vulpean. “Come out here, you little rat! I’ll rip my credit out of your mangy hide. You can’t do this to me!”

The Vulpean leapt aside with an agility that belied his rotund frame. Just as Kiri reached the opening of the bay that held his kiosk, a network of glaring electrical charges hissed to life—a powerful security grid, capable of repelling even a huge Argonautian.

Kiri would have slammed straight into it, but a powerful arm clamped around her waist, yanking her back. She found herself hanging off the floor, held against a hard body. Electricity from the grid inches away crackled in her short hair and prickled the bare skin of her face and hands.

Her rescuer had saved her from injury, even disfigurement. And not all the heat was coming from the grid. She hadn’t been held by anyone for months, and by a man this strong? Maybe never.

Not that she had time for that now. Squinting through the hissing glare of the grid, she could just make out the Vulpean hiding in the shadows.

“Let me go.” She kicked and twisted against her captor’s grip, beguiling as it was. “I’ll kill the cheater.” She’d figure out some way to get to him.

“Quiet.” He was already bearing her back across the concourse. “You’ve attracted enough attention. The port authority will be here in a few secs.”

He was right. The Barillian family had stopped to watch, their young wide-eyed. Other travelers were slowing as well. Humans, Serpentians and even a few Mauritians spilled out of the bar next door, grinning avidly at the disturbance. Kiri glared back, daring anyone to ridicule her.

“Give ‘em trouble, girlie,” one of the women called in a whiskey-soaked voice.

“I’ll help you,” a Mauritian added, waving his heavy ale mug. “We’ll all help you.” The bar crowd laughed raucously.

“That gambling stand is crooked,” she protested. “The Vulpean will be arrested soon—you just watch and see.”

One of the Barillians trilled in disgust. The family trooped away. A stocky man who looked like an off-duty Space Forces officer shook his head, grinning at her and her captor, but several of the bar’s denizens moved further out onto the concourse, muttering amongst themselves.

“Quiet, you little fool.” Her rescuer’s arm tightened around her waist. “Do you want to start a riot? The city is on edge, and those drunks are ready for trouble.”

He set Kiri down before her coffee stand and pushed her through the opening in the counter. The end slammed down, the stranger crowding inside with her. Kiri turned on him, taking care to stay clear of the steaming coffee machine.

“But he cheated me! The port authority had better arrive, or I’m calling them myself.”

“Why, because the random assortment of numbers you expected didn’t come up? Let me guess, you’ve been watching it all week, and you had it all figured out—couldn’t lose.”

“But I … I did have it figured. I’ve been watching it for more than a week—for fourteen turns.”

“And he was watching you. What in seven hells were you thinking, gambling there? Humans can’t trust a Vulpean, you should know that. They consider us easy marks.” He didn’t add ‘for obvious reasons’, but then he didn’t need to.

Kiri lifted her hands to her face, battling the urge to sink to the floor and weep. She’d gambled money she didn’t even have.

She was so quarked.

“I’ve been where you are,” he added more gently. “And I know you’re fighting mad, but violence won’t help, just sink you deeper.”

Yeah, he might have been this desperate once, but he clearly wasn’t now. She wasn’t even sure she had enough credit to buy next week’s supply of coffee, unless she went without protein tubes, or sold herself along with her coffee. She got plenty of those kinds of offers too.

Even going to Tal Darkrunner would be better than that. At least he wouldn’t expect her to share her body with other men. He was the jealous type.

She had other friends, but none with credit to spare except Illyria, also her coffee broker, and Illyria’s father watched every credit with a mean eye. Her narrow array of options set panic beating inside her chest like the wings of something too large that wanted to devour her from the inside.

And she still had her uninvited guest to deal with.

She lowered her hands far enough to look up at the male crowding her coffee stand. Sure enough, he was still watching her, and it wasn’t with the abstracted kindness of a good-doer. His gaze held enough latent heat to run that security grid. Maybe he’d help her. And if he wanted something for it, well, he was certainly the most attractive man she’d seen in a long time.

She tried a smile. A poor effort, given the winged thing inside her, now hissing with a voice darker than the constant fog outside the space port. It fed on her twinge of shame at even considering hitting up a stranger for money.

“Thanks. I guess you kept me from getting fried. But you must have things to do, so …”

When his eyes crinkled slightly with amusement, her panic veered in a new direction.

“Wait. You’re not some uppity-up in the space port authority, are you? I wasn’t really going to kill the Vulpean.” Well, she was, but not publicly. She’d wait until the little sleazebag ventured out into the dark alley behind this section of port, and then she’d …

She didn’t know what she’d do. She’d like to claw her credit out of the gambler, and she knew a few tricks from her years of living in the area near the port, but Vulpeans had claws too, and fangs. She could always pour scalding coffee on him. Teach him to mess with a barista.

“Do I look like a helmet to you?”

She let her gaze drift down over him again. For the first time she noticed the charcoal gray business suit tailored to his lean, powerful frame. “Um, no. You don’t. So who are you?”

He smiled, creases grooving his taut cheeks. He had a beautiful mouth, with thin, sensitive lips that belied the ruthless set of his jaw. His teeth gleamed white and straight. The twinkle in his eyes sent a curl of heat straight inside her. Amazing, considering her turmoil. This guy was truly a powerful force.

Why was he here, anyway? The wealthy didn’t stop to buy her coffee. In this old, shabby area of the space port, her stand was frequented by travelers and pilots on the small, discount flights and those of questionable legality. So even if she had the credit for a flashy display like the big MoonPenny chain that had a choke-hold on the port coffee market, she still wouldn’t get customers like this one.

“I’m the man who’s going to take you to dinner. Close down your machines, and let’s go.”

Dinner? She started to shake her head. But her stomach growled, reminding her it was as hollow as an empty coffee mug. Had she eaten anything but the soy in her latte that morning?

Besides, that smile of his ... Her light-headedness wasn’t all from hunger. Undecided, she pushed away from the counter and pulled the lever that emptied the unused coffee into the recycler. Only a liter left, not too bad. She hated wasting coffee, even the cheap stuff she could afford, but she refused to reheat it and serve it again—smelled like burnt veg and tasted just as bad.

“Why do you want to take me to dinner?”

“Maybe I need a barista.” He waited by the opening in her counter as she finished tidying the area, cleaned her hands on a moist wipe and tossed it away.

She grinned over her shoulder, charmed in spite of her turmoil. “No, you don’t. Excuse me, I need to close that. I go out the back.”

“Not today. My cruiser is waiting across the concourse. Come.”

A private cruiser? Who was this guy? She planted her feet, facing him. “I’m not going anywhere with you until I know who you are. Name and credentials, please.”

He gave her an approving look. “Wise of you to ask.”

She shrugged. “Slavers have been out. And you don’t look like one of those either, but…”

The slave runners had been getting bolder lately, with all the rioting over jobs going to off-worlders. The cops were preoccupied with keeping the unemployed workers and the crooked unions from blowing up entire city blocks in their battles, and had little time or energy left for individual disappearances.

When a strange slider with no markings cruised slowly along her block, accompanied by suited-up outriders on aircycles for the third time in recent weeks, it had been the final impetus behind Kiri’s reckless gamble. She had to get out of the port slums before she disappeared as well. The slavers had already taken more than she could bear to lose.

This man didn’t look like a slave runner, but appearances could be deceptive. Not every criminal inked their skin and wore leather and outlandish tails of hair like Tal.

Instead of answering her, he sauntered out onto the concourse, beckoned to her to follow him. When she did, he nodded toward a huge holovid screen hanging from the vaulted ceiling. The ever-present fog swirled high above, carrying the dank smells of cruiser exhaust, dirty streets and the mildew that pervaded the city, summer or winter.

Kiri frowned up at the display. A panoply of stars against the midnight of space swirled through a complicated pattern that became a gleaming white space cruise ship speeding toward a guiding star. As the ship neared the star, words became visible.

“‘Fly LodeStar,’” she read aloud. “‘Where the ride is as good as the destination.’” Starry. Like she had credit for a cruise.

The ship accelerated out of the hologram, and a group of beings in silver flight suits filled the screen. With muscular builds and direct gazes, they looked like the Intergalactic Space Forces pilots who came through the space port, tough and cool.

In their center stood her rescuer, the only one wearing business attire. And clearly the man in charge.

Kiri peered at the man waiting beside her. As arrogant as he was patient, those smoky quartz eyes fixed on her.

“That’s you,” she blurted. “You’re …”

“Logan Stark.” He bowed slightly. “And you are?”

“Kiri.” She looked at the hand he held out and wiped hers surreptitiously on her smock before holding it out. “Kiri te Nawa.” Quark, he had credentials all right, solid iridium.

His hand engulfed hers, warm and powerful. “Kiri,” he repeated as if he were tasting it. “It suits you.”

Her gaze locked with his. Was the gleam in his eyes that of a predator? Had he saved her so he could devour her himself? His grip tightened and she rocked forward onto her toes. Her knees trembled, the warmth of his hand arrowing deep inside her as if he was touching her far more intimately.

And although his gaze held hers instead of sliding down to catalogue her physical assets in the overt way of many males, she felt uneasily that he saw far more than she wanted him to. The lonely, vulnerable woman inside the veneer, starved for the warmth of a tender touch, for the knowledge that she belonged to someone.

Oh, quark, that was ridiculous. He was just a guy, a rich one. He wanted what all guys wanted from her, a quick fuck and someone to listen to them. And that was all she could hope for here, someone to make one night less empty and cold. She sure wouldn’t be keeping warm with happy thoughts of how she’d invest her winnings.

But her dark humor was tinged with excitement, the kind she felt when she was about to leap. Much as she reminded herself she needed both feet firmly on the ground, sometimes she reached for stars that were out of her grasp. Sometimes it worked, like investing her savings into this stand, going indie.

Today’s leap had been an epic fail. She’d been flung into empty space with nothing to grab onto. And she quarking hated this feeling. Played hell with her usual confidence.

Here was an escape from her current freefall. Later she’d figure how to get her credit out of the Vulpean. Because she would have it—she didn’t care if what the little vermin had done was legal, no one cheated a te Nawa.

If it was only for herself, she’d tough it out, but she had another star to grasp. One which might be unreachable, but she’d never give up trying.

“Coming?” Logan Stark asked.





 2

“All right.” Kiri closed up her own kiosk’s security grid, and with a last vengeful glare at the now quiet gambling stand, she followed Logan Stark onto one of the small platforms that lifted travelers up to the hoverways. He escorted her onto the moving walkway and they zipped off above the concourse, across a rotunda and along a newer, brighter concourse.

Hanging onto one of the supports, Kiri studied her escort covertly. He had presence, a kind of force field around him, a magnetism that allowed him to draw others to him, bend them to his will.

Even now that he wasn’t holding onto her physically, she wanted to stay close.

Quark, maybe he was Indigon and doing some kind of mind control on her. Nah, he didn’t have freaky dark blue eyes, and he certainly didn’t have their cold demeanor. His eyes were more like a locked hatch on a molten core of energy.

He led her off the walkway onto one of the platforms, and it dropped them to the broad, gleaming concourse, near a large MoonPenny coffee stand with a line of well-dressed beings waiting to order.

Kiri followed Stark into a narrow private docking bay. Beside an open hatch waited a man in a gray flight suit like the pilots on the LodeStar holovid. Beyond, Kiri saw a female flight attendant in a trim, feminine version of the suit. She stood in a short podway, one of those that docked smaller cruisers landing at the space port.

Logan Stark owned a space corporation and his own cruiser. He was a wealthy, powerful man. Maybe that meant he thought he could do anything he wanted, treat humans as disposable.

She stopped, just out of earshot of his two employees. He stopped as well, turning back to look down at her.

“Why do you want to have dinner with me?” she asked. He hadn’t really answered her the first time she asked.

His hooded gaze gleamed, sparking an answering flame deep in her own core.

“Because you’re beautiful, and you interest me,” he said, his deep voice wrapping around her like a velvet leash. “Anything else you’d like to know before we board?”

She swallowed, suddenly breathless. This man, who could probably have any female he wanted, thought she was beautiful? He must like the tired, pale type.

“Just one. You’re not into anything twisty, are you?”

His brows lifted. “Over dinner? No.”

Kiri’s face burned. Right. He hadn’t exactly invited her to do him in the back of his cruiser.

“However,” he went on in that same smooth voice. “Should we make the mutual decision for sex later … I suppose it depends on how you define twisty.”

She stared up at him, that heat leaping across the short distance between them. She truly was a gambler at heart, because instead of dousing her desire, his warning only enhanced it. She had a sudden, searing image of him over her, commanding her to let him do very naughty, intimate things. And of herself agreeing.

Oh, black holes and quarks. She was in trouble enough without getting into some weird sex tangle. There were clubs where wealthy people did all sorts of things. Some of the girls who’d been in trade school with her had gone into prostitution before they were even of age, saying they were going to find a rich being to keep them in style, not work at a trade until they were tired and broken. Kiri had considered it for about five secs, until she thought of nameless and possibly repulsive beings touching her.

Logan Stark was the opposite of repulsive, but if he expected her to go along to one of those places, she’d have to be ready to run. Unless … she used the opportunity to get some credit out of him. If he wanted a particular sex act badly enough, he’d be willing to pay for it, wouldn’t he?

Except that—no. Seven hells, no. If she prostituted herself, even with him, she’d end up hollow as a modelbot, moving and posing with an artificial smile and empty eyes. What was she willing to do to stop her fall? Not that. The decision was a relief, as if a heavy choice she hadn’t even known she’d been carrying had slid off her shoulders.

He took her arm and gently but inexorably guided her across the bay. “Let’s take it one step at a time, shall we?”

He nodded to the pilot. “Giles. Ms. te Nawa will be joining me for dinner at Jasmine.”

“Very good, sir.” The pilot nodded respectfully to both of them.

The attendant, a slim woman with silver hair, smiled as they walked through the podway.

“Good starfall, sir, ma’am.”

“Opal, this is Ms. te Nawa. Kiri, Opal will show you where you can freshen up before we take off.”

Kiri followed the other woman through the cruiser, taking in the sheer, quiet luxury of the compact interior. It was all done in soft grays and blues, the floor firm but soft under foot, with chairs that were so wide and deep she could curl up in one and stay for hours.

She stroked her fingers over a chair back as she passed. Was that skrog leather? It was as soft as the inside of her wrist, at least the parts that weren’t scarred from scalding-hot coffee. She couldn’t afford ‘gesics that grew new skin, just the cheap kind that doused the pain enough to keep working.

The lavatory gleamed with spotless cerametal and mirrors of faultless reflective material. Opal showed her how to work the toilet and cleansing unit and indicated a discreet section of storage stocked with cosmetics and toiletries.

As soon as the attendant left, closing the hatch behind her, Kiri touched the mirror wonderingly. Real glass, slick and cool under her fingers. Oh, she’d smudged it. Hastily she pulled a cleansing cloth from the commode and wiped the slight mark of her fingertips from the glass. She cringed at the thought of Logan Stark or his employees knowing she was such a slummer she never saw real glass.

She stared at herself in the mirror—the familiar reflection of short, dark hair framing an oval face with winged ebony brows, eyes that were brown or amber depending on the color she wore, but which currently had dark shadows beneath them and a mouth that was too soft for her liking. Males liked it, though. She could get them to add extras to their coffee order if she was in the mood to pour on the sex appeal. When she was out at the clubs, she could get pretty much any guy who took her fancy.

Logan Stark thought she was beautiful. She lifted her hands to her face, tracing the curve of high cheekbones and stubborn jaw. Of course he could have just been saying that to get her to have sex, but he found her attractive, or he wouldn’t want to have sex.

Kiri shivered as she again imagined him touching her. Oh, glory. Would she have time for a shower-dry first? She sniffed her armpit and grimaced—coffee and sweat. Not too bad, but still.

She ran her fingers through her hair, trying to comb the unruly waves into a semblance of order. She’d done a crap job cutting it. In the cubby of toiletries, she found some hair cream that smelled wonderful. She dabbed and tucked until her hair was in some semblance of order.

She used the lavatory, wishing she could spend some time in the sleek shower-dry. The tube in her tiny apartment emitted water either too cold or too hot and smelled funky even after she ran the cleaning cycle.

She washed her hands, grimacing at them too. She needed a manicure. Her nails were clean, but her hands were rough and chapped, with burns old and new marring her golden skin.

Well, it was honest labor that had made them so, nothing to be ashamed of. This was just a moment out of time for her. She’d have dinner with Logan Stark and maybe more, and then it would be back to her life in the dark, gritty streets of New Seattle.

For a moment, remembering the black hole her life had imploded into with the loss of all that credit, she wanted to huddle on the floor and whimper. But she wouldn’t let herself crumble. She’d get through this somehow, just as she always did. She had a few friends, and she had her coffee stand, and she had her own lodestar, the purpose that kept her going every day.

This dinner with him was just an aberration in her orbit. Hopefully a safe one.



***



Logan Stark waited with keen anticipation for his guest to return to the main cabin of his cruiser. Kiri Te Nawa might not be polished, perfumed and physically enhanced as the women he usually took, but she was beautiful as a wild doe.

No, a wild cat, he corrected himself, amused. With those tilted eyes spitting golden fire, and her slender hands clawed to attack the sleazy gambler, she resembled the Tyger females he’d met on the planet Bryght. She must have Tygean blood in her ancestry.

Her husky voice added to the illusion. Perhaps she’d suffered damage to her larynx at some point, but he found the slight roughness in her voice, the way it cracked under emotion, unexpectedly alluring.

Her slim, taut body had felt very good in his arms, too. She had a curvy ass below her small waist, and in her snug uniform, her breasts were high and round. Not as large as he usually preferred, but then that was what made women so fascinating—their endless variety, the mystery of discovering what made each one of them unique.

This one had a spirit as wild as the cats she reminded him of, and she shone like a sleek purebred in a pack of alley-bred mongrels.

He’d found her by accident. With time on his hands after a meeting with space port authorities, he’d been walking. Out of curiosity, he’d ended up in the oldest section of the space port. He passed loading bays for discount cruise lines and smaller private bays that he guessed shrewdly were used by those who preferred to avoid the brightness of the new concourses, their trade better conducted in the shadows.

There were families and business travelers just like on the new main concourses, but these folk were shabbier. A few toughs cast him avaricious looks, as if wondering whether he could be dragged into a dark alcove and robbed. Stark watched them decide against aggression and move on, realizing he was no easy mark despite his grooming. Wise choice on their parts.

His brother Joran would say he was slumming. Because he’d been here before, many times. Once this shabby area had seemed palatial to youths looking for a safe place to get in out of the cold rain and scavenge something to eat and drink.

And while he’d never mugged innocent travelers as these toughs would, in the darkest times he and Joran had rolled a few druggers in the dark streets outside the port. With bellies so empty they hurt, and Creed to feed as well, it had been one of the choices between survival and death.

Stark had shaken off the dark memories and was about to turn away when lights caught his eye. The holomarquee of a coffee bar glowed cheerily ahead, contrasting with the garish bar sign across the way and the dark, barred-up space alongside. That valiant little sign drew him. As he neared the stand, he saw that it was clean and bright, with neat racks of snacks and souvenirs.

Then he saw the barista. A slim, vibrant figure in her fitted black, she moved with the grace of a dancer as she scrubbed the small countertop of her stand. He stopped for a moment, simply appreciating.

A bent old man stumped up to her window, and laid one gnarled hand on the counter. He said something that made her smile—a glowing smile, with a flash of white teeth and flirtatious sweep of dark lashes. In one smooth motion she turned, grabbed a disposable cup and filled it from the coffee machine steaming at her side. Then she handed the cup to him, holding on until he had a grip on it.

The old man nodded his thanks. She watched him walk away, then returned to her scrubbing. No credit had changed hands. Stark stood for a sec and then decided he wanted one of those smiles and that he’d gladly pay the price of a coffee for it.

He strolled over to stand at her counter, thinking he’d solved the mystery of the stand’s success. He’d certainly been turned from his dark mood.

But, just as he’d reached her, the display over the gambling stand changed and the lovely barista had been riveted, hardly noticing him although he stood directly in front of her. He was not accustomed to being ignored, especially by women.

Maybe it was the old memories of lurking in the port, unnoticed and unwanted, coupled with her kindness to the old man, another ragged castoff, which strengthened his resolve to have her.

And now here she was, aboard his cruiser. But Stark frowned as he walked to his cruiser’s compact bar to pour himself a snifter of moonpear brandy. She’d obviously bet a large sum on the StarLotto game, to be so devastated at her loss. Was she naïve or just reckless? And was this an aberration or a habit? If the latter, this would be their only encounter. He had good reason, the best, to steer clear of habitual gamblers.

He’d have the story out of her.

As she emerged into the cruiser cabin, he turned, eyeing her with pleasure. Yes, she was lovely, but more than that, the fire of hard-won independence in her amber gaze called to him, challenged him to ruffle her self-possession. A kindred spirit in some ways, but packaged in complete femininity that he wanted to tame.

He’d seen a gleam of calculation when he invited her to come with him, but far from despising that, he understood, even admired her for it. He hadn’t gotten where he was without constantly reading the beings with whom he dealt and deciding how to best use them to his advantage. She was a woman alone, working her business in a rough area of the port.

He’d had painful lessons along the way. Perhaps he could save her a few of those. Not that he had any emotional connection in mind. That was the last thing he was looking for.

She smiled as she crossed the cabin to him.

“What?” he asked, handing her a snifter with a small amount of the brandy.

A twinkle of humor gleamed through the shadows in her eyes as she indicated their surroundings. “Stark reality isn’t so bad, not in this case.”

He chuckled. “You like brandy?”

She sniffed it delicately and then took a careful sip. Her eyes widened and she took another sip. “I like this.”

He indicated the two nearest chairs, and she sat. She had a catlike elegance he appreciated. He’d like to see her in a finely made evening gown, with jewels against her golden skin—perhaps Tygean topaz. Yes, a high collar, with a ring dangling from it. The ring would rest on her chest and hide the vulnerable hollow of her throat from any eyes but his.

Even her scent pleased him—the faint sweetness of a healthy female, overlaid with coffee and spices.

Opal brought them a plate of crisp crackers, each topped with a dab of white cheese, russet jelly and a sliver of green.

“Thank you.” His guest took an hors d’oeuvre and slipped it into her mouth.

Opal nodded, and disappeared into the cockpit.

Stark watched with interest as Kiri chewed. He was not disappointed. She hummed with pleasure as she swallowed. “Mm-m, is that real cheese?”

His fingers flexed on his brandy snifter. He wanted to see that look again, hear that little moan while he was touching her.

She took another cracker. “I’m starving. Forgot to eat today.”

“Then you’ll appreciate dinner. Jasmine serves only fresh foods, most of it flown in from Pangaea.”

She wrinkled her straight nose. “I’m not really dressed for dinner. Maybe you should take me someplace … simpler.”

He shook his head. “No one there will mind.”

“Because I’m with you,” she said wisely. “You dine there often?”

“When I’m on planet.”

Her gaze brightened over her snifter. “You travel? Tell me. Where’s the best place you’ve gone?”

He couldn’t resist her interest. “Every planet—or nearly every planet—has its own appeal. Serpentia has golden deserts and fascinating rock formations. The sunrises and sunsets there are spectacular. Pangaea is almost completely green and blue—gardens, farms and water. Bryght is a small planet, but the sky there seems to be full of moons; three male moons and two female.

“Frontiera …” he paused, thinking how to describe it. “She has three moons as well, but most of all, she’s like Earth II must have been before pollution and overcrowding. Vast stretches of open country, with only wild creatures and nomadic tribes. The wetter regions have some settled peoples.”

She took another cracker, leaning closer. “Are there no cities at all?”

“Some, but mostly small towns and huge areas with no settlements at all. Like Earth, she has climates—cold at the magnetic poles and hot at the equator. There are seas, and we don’t yet know what creatures dwell in their depths.”

His guest shivered, sipping her brandy, her gaze faraway. “Which region do you like best?”

“The tropical areas are beautiful, as are the more temperate boreal forests. I’ve mining interests in the north. The mountains are spectacular, snow-capped and wild. There are skrog. Have you ever seen one?”

She laughed, a husky sound with a catch in it that ricocheted straight to his groin. “Skrog? Only in holovids. Are they as ugly in reality?”

“Uglier. And their cry can shatter your eardrums if you’re too close—a great bellow that ends in a shriek.”

She winced, still laughing. “How horrible.” She smoothed her hand over the arm of her chair. “They do make lovely leather, though.”

He watched her hand, sheer lust seizing him. He wanted her hands on his skin. He’d have that. He’d have all of her.

“What’s the worst place you’ve been?” she asked.

Stark gazed into the clear, dark gold brandy he was swirling idly in his glass, the same hue as her eyes.

It dimmed, replaced with another image. Slamming forward through the years, a dirty alley closed around him. Cold, wet, stinking of garbage. Nowhere to shelter himself, or the two smaller boys shivering beside him, waiting for him to find food and a safe, warm place to sleep, unless he found it, or wrested it from someone else.

“Nowhere you’d care to hear about.” And closer than she knew. He turned to look out the porthole at the lights of the city emerging from the fog and rain below. He was above it all now, secure in his lofty perch, but no matter how many years buffered him from the cold and hunger, he’d never forget. And he’d do anything necessary to assure he and his were never down there again.

“And now we’re arriving at our destination. Finish your drink if you like.”





 3

From the grim shadow that passed over Stark’s face, Kiri’s question had ignited dark memories of some kind. So he had them too.

He carried himself like a man who knew how to fight. Maybe he’d been in the Space Forces and in some terrible battle. The Solar Wars weren’t all that long ago. A warrior, maybe? No wonder she felt safe with him.

The ship hovered, turning if the lights spinning past outside were an indication. Another craft zipped by, so close the wake caused Stark’s cruiser to wobble. Kiri gripped the arms of her chair nervously. She’d only flown on the clumsy airbuses that traversed the city and tightly woven suburbs. They weren’t light enough to be bothered by passing vehicles, but landing was a jarring experience.

Tal had offered to take her on one of his cruisers, but she wasn’t setting foot in any craft that might have been hijacked. With her luck, the police would choose that moment to close in on him, and she’d wind up restrained in the back of a police cruiser.

To her surprise, Stark’s large hand covered hers. “Giles will set us down without a bump. In fact, I’ll wager you won’t be able to tell we’ve landed.”

“I’ll believe that when it happens,” she retorted, but his touch was certainly taking her mind off her fears. He could probably convince her to jump out of the ship with him if he just held her hand in this warm, sure grip—and she hated heights.

“Really?” He raised a brow at her. “You’re a gambling woman. How about a small wager?”

“I don’t bet. Well, today was the only time and you saw how that turned out.”

“This isn’t that kind of wager.” He leaned closer, his eyes on her mouth.

Kiri’s breath caught in her throat at the sensual threat implicit in his gaze. “What kind is it, then?”

His gaze rose to meet her own, locking with hers like a tractor beam. “If we land without you noticing, you owe me a kiss.”

Her hand trembled in his. When had she turned it to clasp his? Satisfaction gleamed in his gaze. She shrugged, hoping he didn’t notice her telltale shiver or the heat that blossomed on her cheeks.

“Okay.” She’d kissed plenty of guys, so why did the thought of kissing him make her feel as if she were about to take another huge gamble?

“Mr. Stark, we’ve landed,” said Opal, appearing as if conjured in the open door of the cockpit.

Kiri blinked. Had he sent the woman some kind of secret signal on his comlink? No, they really were down, the lights of a rooftop landing pad reflecting on wet pavement.

“Thank you,” Stark said. He tugged on Kiri’s hand, and she was startled to realize he was still watching her, ignoring the other woman.

Feeling like a small craft being sucked into the magnetic field of a powerful star, Kiri let him pull her across the soft skrog leather to him. Her gaze locked with his, she let her body take over, leaning forward and tipping up her face to his. She knew his flight attendant was still there, but somehow that didn’t matter anymore.

She felt the heat of his skin first, the soft puff of his breath across her lips. That strange magnetism engulfed her, sweeping her in, so that when his lips touched hers it was almost a relief. His lips were warm, firm, softer than she’d expected. He didn’t mash his mouth on hers, or try to shove his tongue in her mouth, but he still managed to invest the caress with some mysterious urgency. When he angled his head and pressed more firmly, demanding entrance, she parted her own lips and gave it to him. Pleasure swept through her, and her secret places softened and swelled in a paean of need.

The kiss deepened as he tested the damp softness of her inner lips, then used his tongue to taste her, a leisurely sampling that ended with his tongue in her mouth, tangling with her own. A soft moan of shock and excitement emerged from her throat. But who cared when he was sucking gently on her tongue, enticing it into his own mouth as if she were the most delicious woman he’d kissed in eons.

His hand tightened on hers, and she curled her fingers about his in response.

When he let her go, lifting his head, she dragged her eyes open. She pulled her wet lower lip between her teeth and let it go, tasting him on her lips. Oh, glory, if he could do that with just his mouth and one hand holding hers, what effect would he wreak with his whole body? And judging from the predacious light in his gray eyes, he’d been just as affected.

“We’ll have dinner,” he told her. “Then perhaps you’ll kiss me again, hmm?”

“Perhaps.” Her cheeks heated as he smiled at her again. He knew exactly how much that kiss had affected her. And that she wanted more.



***



Jasmine was hushed, elegant and dimly lit. A Pangaean female in a leaf-green cheongsam led them to a table in a quiet alcove, bowing politely as she gestured them to sit. Kiri was relieved to see that she didn’t look twice at Kiri’s clothing. Of course with lighting like this, her black smock could’ve been crafted of the finest lii leaves.

Stark seated Kiri in the plush, semi-circular booth and slid in after her. She was both alarmed and delighted by his nearness. He smelled so good, as if the essence of some dark, wild forest lingered on his skin. Some kind of cologne, she supposed, but she wasn’t sure the scent would be half so inviting on any other man.

Whatever, it certainly wasn’t a scent the men she knew could afford. In fact, none of them could afford to even set foot in this place. They frequented the crowded eateries with rock music thumping, surrounded by rowdy beings like Mauritians and Tygers arguing, fighting and laughing.

The denizens of her apartment complex were the same, or they were older, beaten down by life and reduced to living in the slums.

To distract herself from the memory that she might be on the verge of losing even such doubtful shelter, she looked around at the tasteful arrangements of tall plants screening them partially from other diners.

A party of Serpentians filled the nearest booth. Their skin and hair, ranging from golden to gold-green, gleamed even in the low light. They were laughing together, their table crowned with a carafe of steaming fire whiskey and glasses.

The gentle babble of Pangaean came from behind her somewhere. The place smelled clean, no mildew, no stale grease and body odor. Just the tantalizing smells of good food.

“This place must be popular with travelers,” she said. An inane remark, but conversation was good.

She focused on Stark, a mistake, because as soon as she looked at him, she found herself reliving their kiss. She couldn’t believe he’d locked lips right in front of his employees. Public kissing was usually for dark, noisy clubs when everyone was drinking or drugging.

“Yes. Will you let me order for you?” he asked, as another Pangaean approached their table, this one in the male version of the cheongsam, with pants.

“All right. But nothing slippery.” She’d seen the things beings from other worlds consumed, and she wasn’t eating anything that looked as if it should be wriggling in a swamp somewhere. She’d rather eat vegeprotein—at least it was safe.

The creases at the corners of his mouth deepened. “I’ll remember that.”

He consulted with the waiter, and in a few moments they were served drinks in round goblets with small blossoms floating near the rim. “Pear brandy blossoms,” Stark said, handing her one of the glasses.

He lifted his glass to her. Kiri followed suit, sipping cautiously. The same brandy he’d given her earlier, mixed with some kind of fruit juice, perhaps the pears from which it had been distilled. Faintly sweet, the drink left the taste of brandy lingering on her tongue. She nodded. “It’s good, thank you.”

He looked quietly satisfied. “So tell me how you came to be a barista at New Seattle space port, Kiri te Nawa.”

She glanced at him and away. Like he really wanted to know her sad story. But she could play the social game. She waited while their waiter set a graceful tray on the table, full of delicate sprays of green leaves, a swirl of creamy filling centered on each one, topped with a single berry. She picked one up carefully and slipped it into her mouth, chewing with relish. Hmm, delicious, whatever it was. Creamy, smooth and tart. She chose another.

“I didn’t start out to sell coffee,” she told him. “But after I left trade school, I got a job at a one of the big MoonPenny stands. Then I realized I was spending all my credit just getting by. I wanted something of my own, where I could keep the profits and invest them back in my business. So I worked second jobs here and there, and saved until I had enough to lease my space.”

Then she’d had the encounter that changed her life and started her funneling credit to a far more serious pursuit—her search for what the slavers had stolen. But she was hardly confiding in him about that on first acquaintance.

“Kiri’s Kaffe,” he said.

She grinned. She never lost the thrill of pleasure at hearing her kiosk’s name. “An ancient people here on Earth II spelled coffee that way. It’s stardusty, I know, but everyone remembers it.”

“I think it’s the owner they remember.”

Kiri picked up her drink. Quark, but that look made her self-conscious, and hyper-aware of him as a man—an extremely virile one.

“Some of them, I guess. Got that bar right across the concourse. Guys sit in there and drink, start thinking they’re the galaxy’s gift to womankind.” She grinned at him over her glass. “I usually talk them into buying an after-drinks coffee and send them on their way.”

Stark chuckled. “So you don’t generally date your customers?”

“Not often,” she said. “Kinda awkward for repeat business.”

With free vaccinations for STIs and for pregnancy, hooking up with relative strangers was safe—unless one picked a creeper. But even when dates culminated in sex, none of those men had ever had this effect on her.

His face creased in that attractive smile, but he sobered quickly. “Wise. There are some very ugly men—and women—out there hiding behind attractive facades.”

“That’s for sure,” she muttered. “I’m pretty good at reading people. If a guy gives off any creeper vibes, doesn’t matter how golden he is, I tell him I’m with someone—or that I prefer other girls.”

She laughed at the look he gave her. “Yeah, that one never works. Men can’t believe a woman could possibly prefer a lover without—um, certain equipment unless they see the evidence for themselves.”

Stark raised his brows in silent inquiry and her cheeks heated. She took another hasty drink, avoiding his gleaming gaze. “No. Haven’t and don’t.”

“There are those who enjoy both.” He calmly picked up another hors d’oeuvre, the green leaf delicate against his large, muscular hand. Wow. Did he mean he sometimes…?

“So, um…your skin is tanned,” she blurted. “You spend time in the sunlight somewhere? Must be on another planet. Not safe to spend too much time outdoors here on Earth II. Of course in New Seattle the heavy clouds shut out the sun anyway.”

He glanced at his hands, accepting her change of subject. “This would be the remnant of my last visit to Frontiera,” he answered. “In general I visit the medical booths.”

She nodded. Anyone with credit could receive regular metered dose of faux sunlight to stimulate vitamin production. She wore a vitamin patch, herself. Not as expensive as the booths. Just slap it on the midriff somewhere and leave it until it fell off, the vitamins having been absorbed by the body. Real sunlight would sure be nice though.

“Your people must be proud of you,” he said, changing the subject yet again. “A business of your own.”

“Don’t have any people.” She took another drink, swallowing the chill of things she didn’t think about.

“Ah.” He nodded as if her admission explained something. “Your stand is in a tough area of the space port.”

“What I can afford. Rent there is stiff enough. Astronomical in the new area. MoonPenny can afford that. I can’t.” Especially now. Panic beat at her, and she drained her glass, drowning it momentarily.

“But you’ve plans to expand?” he asked. His calm reached out to her in a soothing wave. The man could hire out as a psych therapist, the way he controlled the mood around him.

She set her glass down. “Eventually. I’m good with numbers. I watch the markets, buy my beans at discount. Took over the stand cheaply too. You should have seen the mess it was in. I cleaned it, fixed it up, called in a few favors from friends.”

He nodded. “Your hard work shows. You’ve made it stand out in the surroundings. I do wonder how you make a profit, however, when you give away your product.”

She stared at him and he shrugged. “I watched you hand out coffee to two passersby in several moments. Kind, but not good business.”

“Not like they have the credit to buy anyway. Just flotsam and jetsam of the port, with no one to care. Least I can do is give them a hot cup of java once in a while.”

He picked up another leaf, but instead of eating it, he held it out to her, a new warmth in his gaze. “I see. Here, have another. Our dinner is on the way.”

She opened her mouth to let him slip the treat between her lips. She chewed and swallowed. “You look like you just closed a great business deal.”

“I never feed my business partners.” Not with his own hand, anyway. The unspoken words hung between them, reminding Kiri that he was no uncomplicated man with partying on his mind.

Her dinner was set before her. “Breast of Pangaean pheasant,” the waiter murmured. “Sauced with a light balayti cream. Pureed root vegetables, crisp yam and moonberry compote.”

It looked delicious and smelled heavenly. Stark’s plate held the same selection.

“We’ll have a light wine,” he told the waiter. “Not too sweet.”

Kiri spread her napkin in her lap, her eyes on the food. She was going to eat every bite, slowly, so she’d never forget this meal. The waiter set a basket of rolls and a small bottle of oil on the table. Stark broke a roll for her and trickled oil over it. Her mouth full of succulent pheasant, Kiri nodded her thanks.

The food was as delicious as it looked, the flavors and textures blending perfectly. Kiri hadn’t eaten real meat or fowl for longer than she cared to recall, so she was glad the sauce wasn’t too rich, hiding the flavor. The bread was tender and flaky, the oil a tangy enhancement.

Not until she’d worked her way through most of the food on her plate did Kiri surface from her haze of pleasure to realize that she hadn’t spoken to her host for several moments. She picked up her wine glass and took a sip, looking at him. He was doing quiet justice to his own meal and didn’t seem to notice her preoccupation.

The wine burst on her tongue, mellow and faintly sweet, perfectly complementing the food, with echoes of flavor that filled her mind’s eye with a sunny vineyard like those she’d seen on holovids. She gave a hmm of pleasure.

“Good?” he asked, taking a drink as well.

“Wonderful, thank you.” She picked up her fork, determined not to leave a bite.

Stark poured her more wine and went back to his meal. Finished, Kiri sat back with a sigh that was nearly a groan.

“Dessert?” Stark asked, wiping his mouth with his napkin.

Kiri shook her head regretfully. “No, thank you. I couldn’t eat another bite. But you go ahead.”

He shook his head. “I don’t often eat sweets.”

“Really? How about your coffee? I’ll bet you drink it dark.”

Stark nodded.

“I never did serve you a coffee,” she remembered. “Stop by tomorrow and I’ll make you one, on the house.”

He didn’t move, but his gaze touched her as surely as if he’d reached out his hand to take hers. “Why don’t you make me a cup at my penthouse in the morning?”

Excitement and fear fizzed through her veins.

This was it, the moment of decision. Did she shake her head and thank him for the meal, or did she leap again? God knew she wanted to. Now that her belly was full, her body and mind relaxed with brandy and wine and plush surroundings, he was still the most attractive man she’d ever met. And after that kiss, she wanted more. A lot more.

“Hot and dark?” she asked daringly, holding his gaze.

“Just the way I like it.”





 4

Stark’s passenger amused him again by falling asleep as they approached the New Seattle Docks. With her lashes lying on her cheeks in a dark fan, she looked more vulnerable, younger. She was really out—a rich meal, brandy and wine on top of what had evidently been a sleepless night.

He’d enjoyed watching her eat with such single-minded attention—reminded him of Creed and Joran when they were boys. Any meal was a chance to fill up, especially when they never knew when the next one would arrive. Kiri clearly wasn’t accustomed to fine meals, although she had the perfect table manners that suggested she’d been raised well.

He wondered why some man hadn’t already snatched her up, as a mistress or even a bride. She was a beauty, and a sensual creature if her pleasure in food and in their kiss was any indication. And not above a casual hookup.

He had an idea that she would consume sexual pleasure with even more gusto than she had the food he’d given her. If she’d been that lost in a simple kiss, what would her response be to his hands and mouth on her, his cock inside her? Would she remain as quiet and dainty as a cat, or go wild, screaming her pleasure to the night?

The desire that had simmered all evening arrowed straight to his groin, his cock twitching pleasurably.

“Opal,” he said quietly. “Bring me the medic kit.”

“Yes, sir.” Without question, she brought the small kit from a storage unit and watched without comment as he took out a palm-sized unit. He opened it, revealing a tiny, sharp needle on one end.

“Sir? Are you going to wake her?” she murmured.

Stark lifted his brows at her and she sighed in resignation. “Would you like me to apply it, sir?”

He nodded. She’d have a lighter touch than he. “Just the standard infectious diseases and STIs.”

She bent over the woman sleeping between them, one hand lying lax in her lap. Carefully, Opal touched the needle to the inside of Kiri’s wrist. Logan gave her a look of query and Opal nodded. She’d gotten the sample.

Kiri started awake with the suddenness of a wild thing. She clutched her wrist with her other hand, her eyes still dazed with sleep.

“What?” she demanded. “What did you give me?”

She catapulted out of her seat, shoving Opal aside. “What is that? Some kind of drug?”

Backing against the bulkhead, she glared from Logan to his employee. The woman straightened from the chair she’d fallen against, looking at Stark for direction, or maybe that was ‘I told you so’ in her gaze. He shook his head at both of them.

“It’s not a drug,” he said. “Look at it. It’s a common blood test.”

Opal held the sampler out to her. Kiri took her eyes off of him long enough to peer at the screen. “I don’t believe you. Why would you want to test my blood?”

He raised his brows at her and she blushed, but she was still scowling as if he’d betrayed her. Huh. He should’ve listened to Opal.

“Here,” he said. “Opal can do mine, as well. I wouldn’t allow her to drug me, would I?”

She watched silently as Opal applied the device to his wrist. He took it and held it out to Kiri so she could see the readout. She stepped forward to look at it. After she’d examined the results, she nodded once, but maintained her defensive posture against the bulkhead.

“You should have asked me.”

“Understood.” He turned to Opal. “Are you all right?”

“Yes, sir.”

Kiri turned her glower on Opal. “I’m sorry if I hurt you. I guess you have to do what he says.”

Opal raised her brows.

Logan smiled wryly. “She could have broken your neck if she wanted to. She held back because you were only trying to get away.”

“Oh.” Kiri eyed Opal with new respect. “Are you some kind of bodyguard?”

Opal nodded with dignity. “Among other things. Although Mr. Stark doesn’t really need a bodyguard.” She gave him a look that said he needed a conscience much more, but he ignored her with the ease of long practice.

“All my personal employees are ex-Space Forces,” Logan said. “And now I suggest you sit down, as we’re nearing our destination.”

“Where?” His passenger leaned over to look out the nearest porthole. Opal disappeared, the medic kit in hand.

“Where would you like it to be?” One finger across his lips, he watched Kiri, knowing what her response would be. He was not disappointed—in that at least.

She turned on him, those magnificent eyes full of amber fire. “Better go back to my place, if I can’t even fall asleep without someone messing with me.”

“You’re angry.” Damn. Definitely should have listened to Opal.

She flung herself into the chair across from him. “No kidding. Just because you bought me a meal, you had no right to treat me like a—”

“Don’t say it,” he interrupted, his amusement gone. “Don’t even think it.” He gave her the look he used to bring tough beings and ex-soldiers to heel.

“Whore,” she said defiantly. “I’m not one, won’t be treated like one.”

He was going to enjoy turning her over his knee.

“If I’d thought you were a prostitute, I wouldn’t have invited you to dinner,” he told her. “I would have given you credit and fucked you where and when and how I wanted you.”

He watched that strike home, watched her wrap her slender arms around her middle. Wisely, she said nothing further.

“I would ask the same precaution from any potential sex-partner,” he went on. “Vaccinations for STIs and pregnancy may be compulsory here, but that doesn’t mean everyone obeys the law or shows common sense. You know that.”

“Yeah, well you should have asked,” she said stubbornly. “I won’t have things done to me without my consent.”

He bowed politely. “So noted.”

She echoed the gesture, wrinkling her nose as she did so. He let his anger slide back into amusement.

She was a wildcat, all right. And he wanted her claws in his hide. But he’d wait, because he wanted her willing, eager when he took her. So eager she’d agree to all the extremely intimate things he wanted to do with her. And to all the things he wanted her to do for him.

“Take me home,” she repeated, clearly not appreciating his smile any more than his plain speaking.

“All right. What’s the closest landing pad to your home?”

“The Astra quadrant, Landing Ten.”

He scowled, all traces of amusement gone. “That’s the roughest area of New Seattle.” Unfortunately, he knew it well. No place for a single woman, especially one whose looks would invite the interest of every ganger and slimeball on the streets.

“Tell me something I don’t know. I get by.” She stared out the porthole, her hands clenched together in her lap.

So her business truly was in trouble if she lived in the crowded, dirty area near the port. Her family must have left her with little credit, or perhaps it was all tied up in her coffee stand.

Or perhaps her gambling was the problem. She’d said it wasn’t. He’d find out if that was true. And then he’d deal with it—because his decision was made. He wanted her, and for more than one night. And what he wanted badly enough, Stark always got.

But right now, he’d deal with protecting her from her dubious home.

“Giles.”

“Yes, sir.” His pilot’s face appeared on holovid, lit weirdly by the multi-colored lights of the control panel.

“Astra quadrant, Landing Ten.”

Giles looked away, punching in the coordinates. He frowned, his heavy brows shooting together. “Unemployed rioting in that area again. Reports in the last hour say it’s bad. I recommend against landing under these conditions, sir.”

Stark jerked his chin affirmatively, letting his pilot know he agreed, and there was no way they were dropping off their passenger down there alone tonight, apartment or no.

Kiri bolted upright. “We must land. I have to look after my place. Besides, the fighting’s been three or four streets over, closer to the wharfs. Really.”

“Take us over as low as you can,” Stark instructed his pilot. “Use your judgment.”

His guest crouched by the porthole to peer down at the lights of the city, visible in ragged drifts through the fog and clouds. Her hand clenched on the rim of the window.

“Kiri, come here. You’ll have a much better view on the holovid. Giles, the forward and belly cams, please.”

He held out his hand and, when she put her hand in his, tugged her to him.

The rioting had been getting worse in the past weeks. Crooked unions, ruthless companies, swarming criminals, and hungry people who had little to lose made for a volatile stew, and it was all boiling over.

Kiri caviled at sitting on the edge of his chair, but only until the holovid changed to a view of the city below, then she perched quivering against his thigh.

Giles flew in low from the south, with the bay a black void on their left, and the lighted sea docks below. The tall outlines of skyscrapers rose from the clouds, many windows lighted, some only black, gaping holes.

A sudden flash lit the streets below. Kiri gasped, flinching against Stark. He changed hands, holding hers with his right and slid his left arm about her, his hand on the curve of her small waist. “Flashbombs.”

She nodded, then flinched again as another explosion rocked the night, this one bigger.

“There. That’s my building, between those two tall ones. And there’s the landing.”

She gripped Stark’s hand, turning a pleading look on him, her eyes huge in her face. “We can—”

Warned by his expression, she whirled back just in time to see the street before her building light with an eerie red which flared to brilliant orange-yellow, scaling the buildings as if in obscene glee. The cityscape below seemed to tremble, only to rock with another, much larger explosion.

Her building bulged outward, fire erupting from the windows. Then the tall structure imploded, falling in on itself in slow, terrible inevitability.

She moaned, a hoarse cry of animal pain. Flying forward on her knees, she smacked her hands flat on the porthole as if she could beat back the explosions. He’d seen it before in these very streets as mayhem or accident destroyed what the denizens had worked to build.

Stark grabbed her, holding tight as she fought to free herself. He hauled her back into his arms, cradling her against his chest. “Giles. Get us out of here.”

Opal appeared in the cabin door, grasping the frame for balance as the ship rocked with the concussion of the explosions below. “Your penthouse, sir?”

Stark nodded and then turned his attention to the woman who had collapsed against his chest. He tipped his head to the side to peer into her face. She wasn’t weeping, but his initial relief quickly changed to a deeper worry. She lay against him, her face white as chalk, her eyes half closed. She trembled with each shallow breath. Shock.

He held her close, tucking her silky head under his chin and rocked her, his hand smoothing over her back. “Shh, you’re safe. You’ll come with me. In the morning we’ll figure things out.”

Without being asked, Opal glided to the back of the ship, to his private cabin and returned with a comforter, woven of Pangaean halfpaca, soft and warm, in Lodestar’s trademark gray. She helped Stark tuck it around Kiri, wrapping her in a cocoon of warmth.

“It’s all gone,” she mumbled. “My things.”

Stark met Opal’s eyes. Kiri couldn’t have had much, in that place. But losing it tonight, on top of losing her credit … that was one hell of a lot to process.

“Mementoes, perhaps,” Opal murmured, her eyes soft with pity.

He’d nothing to say to that. Everything he possessed, he’d fought for and won, or purchased for himself as a grown man. But he knew that to people who’d grown up with a family, such things were important. Holographs, jewelry, pieces of furniture, even treasured clothing were passed down, squabbled over.

He’d started with nothing. Was this woman strong enough to do the same?





 5

Kiri dreamed that she ran through the dark, wet streets toward her apartment building. In the way of dreams, her feet would not move, mired in helplessness as thick as glue. Around her, the buildings burned, flames spurting viciously between the buildings, hissing in patches of old fuel and piles of garbage. Beings shouted, their cries far away, muffled as if a curtain hung between her and their battles.

But she was not alone. Whirling, she gaped at the tall form looming in the street behind her, a black silhouette against the flames. Only his eyes glittered, reflecting fiery red and yellow of the flames, and yet she knew the flame that burned inside him was more powerful still—that of absolute will.

“It’s gone,” Stark told her, his deep voice slicing through the chaos like a steel blade. “Nothing left for you here.” He held out his hand to her in a clear command.

“No,” she protested, shaking her head desperately. “No, they’re still there; I just have to find them.”

She turned away, trying to move on, but her feet were trapped in hot, enveloping folds. She tried to scream, but nothing emerged but a whimper.

“Kiri,” he ordered, his heavy hands grasping her arms like manacles. “Kiri. Wake up.”

She woke to find herself lying in a soft bed. Stark leaned over her, a powerful silhouette against dim lamplight. His hands grasped her bare arms. As she stared up at him, her heart thundering against her ribs, she knew a sudden, nearly overpowering urge to fling herself against his shoulder and weep.

He didn’t give her the choice, pulling her into his arms. He was living heat and strength, from the broad expanse of his chest to the length of his legs, clad in some light, clinging fabric. Against her bare skin… Someone had undressed her, although she still wore her soft bra and panties.

He was in the bed with her. This realization should have shocked her, but instead, he was a bulwark against the nightmare. She snuggled closer, shivering, her face in the curve of his throat. His scent filled her nostrils, clean male musk, tinged with that delicious tang of the forest. She spread her palms flat on the hair-roughened plane of his chest, her belly snugged against his, her legs opening to tangle with his longer ones.

“Shh,” he murmured, his voice a rumble in her ear. “It’s all right. You’re safe.”

One of his arms was wrapped around her, his hand stroking her bare back. The other hand cupped the back of her head, his long fingers spearing through her short hair. From this warm nest, it seemed safe to examine her memories, terrible as they were.

“My place ... is it really gone?”

“Yes.”

She shuddered. Not a nightmare then, but real. “I dreamt I was there. While it burned. And I couldn’t do anything.”

“You were there.” His breath was warm on her temple, his lips brushing her skin. “And you can’t do anything about it.”

She took a sobbing breath, fighting the hot weight of tears pushing behind her eyes. “I won’t be helpless. I won’t. I’m strong.”

His hand smoothed over her back again, down into the curve and lower, over her ass. “You’re a fierce one, Kiri te Nawa.”

The remnants of her fear morphed into anger, swift and hot. She pushed at his chest, her fingers tangling in the mat of short, curling hair on his chest. “Are you laughing at me again?”

His hand smoothed down her back again. “No, wildcat. I’m admiring you. You’ve been through a lot in the space of a few hours, and you’re still hissing your defiance. Hold onto that. Sometimes defiance is the only thing that gets you through. Although I’d remind you recklessness does not necessarily denote strength.”

“Sometimes … it’s all I’ve got,” she whispered. Then, ashamed of betraying vulnerability, she flexed her hands, digging her nails into the plush swell of muscle of his pectorals. He sucked in a sharp breath, and she bared her teeth against his throat and nipped at him.

His fingers tightened painfully in her hair, and he pulled her head back, his eyes glittering. “Tyger kitten or no, do that again and I’ll turn you over my knee.” His breath puffed warm and moist against her face.

She believed him, but she needed some outlet for the emotion tumbling inside her. Sliding her hand up, she speared her fingers into his short hair, cupping the back of his head, hard and silky under her palm.

She tried to pull him closer, but he resisted. She glared at him. Couldn’t he see she needed him, needed forgetfulness? She was just giving him what he wanted, wasn’t she?

“Are you sure?” His face was taut, his square jaw set. “If I kiss you, I won’t stop there.”

Her heart thundering, trying to climb her throat, Kiri trembled clear into her feminine core. She held male power in her grasp. She wanted desperately to unleash it, use him to burn through the dark backlog of despair. “Yes. I want this.”

He swooped, his mouth opening over hers, his lips hot and demanding, his tongue licking into her mouth to claim hers. It was more than a kiss, it was a claiming, and she reveled in it, her body softening against his, his taste and scent filling her senses. This was sheer hedonistic pleasure, drowning her in sensation.

He held her in one arm, while his free hand stroked down over her shoulder, his fingers tracing the edge of her soft bra. He cupped her breast in his hand, and she arched into his touch, loving the cup of his palm over her sensitive flesh, even through the thin, stretchy fabric of her bra. He dragged his thumb over her nipple and she moaned as pleasure shot down through her body, straight to her pussy.

Kissing her deeply, Stark stroked his hand down over her belly, over the thin fabric of her panties. His fingers delved between her thighs, and he cupped her mons. Claiming her most private place, for now.

Another moan struggled up her throat, the soft sound hanging over them, above the rustle of sheets, the rush of their breath and the thundering of her heart.

“That’s right,” he urged against her mouth. “Let me hear your pleasure.”

He let her go, just long enough to yank at her panties. The soft fabric tugged at her hips and then tore, falling away from her. She should care, but she wanted his hand on her again, so desperately that she whimpered instead, opening her thighs to him, lifting her upper leg to curl it over his hip, arching into him.

When he cupped his hand over her again, bared now to his warm, powerful touch, she cried out at the exquisite relief. He kissed her again, closing his lips over hers to drink in her cry.

Then he stroked his long fingers into her waiting flesh. His touch was sleek and easy—she was wet for him, so ready for the large pad of his finger to delve into her, drawing her wetness up, up and over the swollen knot of nerves hiding in her curls.

“This?” he asked gently, drawing his finger in a tiny, tantalizing circle.

“Yes.” She strained toward him.

“Say my name, Kiri.” He stroked her again, with the same teasing care, and her pussy contracted, aching for more. She dragged her eyes open enough to find him watching her, his eyes hooded, gleaming with pleasure as if he were surveying a new acquisition, one that he planned to exploit to the fullest. “Who do you want touching you?”

“You. Stark,” she managed, wanting to hit him, wanting to kiss him. “Please, touch me.”

“Logan. You’ll call me Logan. Say it when you come. Can you do that for me?”

How dare he sound so … tender, coaxing? She wanted to please him as much as she craved the pleasure his diabolically clever touch promised.

She had to get out of here. Just as soon as he gave her what she needed. This was just sex. Any more of his tenderness, and she was afraid she’d cling to him like a weakling, not wanting to let go. “Yes.”

“Good. Lights, dim.” The room darkened around them, until he was only a darker shape in the shadows around them. “I want you only to feel, Kiri. Feel me, feel my touch.”

He stroked her again, slicking more of her wetness up over her clitoris. His touch quickened, deepened, sure and swift. She clung to him, breathing his breath, bowing into his touch as he stroked her up the cliff of need and tugged her over the top.

“Logan … Logan.” She arched in his hands, her pussy spasming with delicious pleasure that spread outward, through her body. With a shudder, she sank against him.

“Mmm,” he approved. “Again, I think.”

She opened her mouth to protest. She was relaxed, hazy with release. And in her previous encounters, one orgasm had seemed a fortunate thing. But he kissed her, and his tongue licking into her mouth, and two large, insistent fingers thrusting up inside her pussy was so lovely she surrendered, just for a little while longer, to the pleasure of being explored by a man who clearly knew his way around a woman’s body.

“You’re very tight,” he murmured against her mouth. “I like that.”

She opened her mouth to reply, but gasped instead when he hooked his fingers, pressing hard against a magical pad of nerves still throbbing from her orgasm. Need spiraled again and when he stroked his thumb over her clitoris, she moaned his name.

“Logan … oh, that feels—that’s so …”

He nipped at her lower lip, wet from his kisses. “Can you take your bra off for me? I’d enjoy suckling you while I make you come again.”

She would have done anything he asked in that moment. Fumbling with the soft fastening between her breasts, she pulled her bra open and shrugged her shoulder out of it, letting it fall behind her.

“Mmm.” He moved down in the bed and she felt his hot breath on her bare breast. “Put your nipple in my mouth, little cat.”

Incredibly, she blushed, heat scalding under her skin in the darkness. She cupped her hand around the back of his head and pulled him to her breast, arching her back to offer herself for his mouth.

He laughed, low in his throat. “Your pussy is squeezing my fingers like a hot little vise.” He moved his head, brushing his lips back and forth over her pebbled nipple. “Nice and long, I like that.”

Then he licked her nipple into his mouth and began to stroke her again, inside and out. He enjoyed her other breast as well, using his teeth carefully on her distended nipple and then pulling on it strongly, a soft, wet tugging that sent pleasure streaking through her in dark pulses, in time with his fingers. And Kiri found that she could, after all, respond a second time, longer than the first.

“Say my name,” he commanded, his voice a velvet leash in the darkness, binding her to him.

“Logan,” she cried, riding his hand into delicious oblivion. Then she simply whimpered as she came apart in his hands.

When she had finished, he pulled her close against him, her thigh across his hip. Kiri lay in his arms, panting. Her skin was damp and hot as if she’d been running, her muscles lax. She stroked her face against his throat, breathing him in and slid her hand over his shoulder, stroking the hard curve of muscle and down over the bulge of his biceps.

She shifted and felt another bulge, a hard rod that twitched against her mons, straining beneath his thin sleep pants. Kiri’s eyes flew open as she realized that he had pleasured her twice and himself not at all.

She opened her mouth and nipped the tender skin where the strong column of his neck flowed into his shoulder.

He grunted. The lights gleamed on and she found herself flipped onto her back, her wrists cuffed over her head on the pillow in his ungentle grip, gazing up into the eyes of a dangerous man. “I told you what I’d do if you used your teeth or claws on me again.”

Breathless with daring, Kiri showed him her teeth. “Why don’t you have me, instead?”

His brows shot together. “Because I don’t take advantage of women who are traumatized.”

“What do you call what you just did?”

He smiled slowly. “I call that making you very relaxed.”

She licked her lips, suddenly dry from her swift breaths. He had her completely in his power, and at this moment, there was nowhere she would rather be. “Then let me make you very relaxed, Logan Stark.”

His eyes fired again, molten heat replacing the anger. He moved, settling into the cradle of her open thighs with a lithe twist of his powerful body. She moved to accommodate him, helpless to hide her response as she felt his cock lying on her belly, long and turgid even through his thin pants.

“Are you sure?” He moved again, driving himself against her. “Because I don’t need to be repaid for anything.”

“Is that why women usually let you fuck them? To repay you for … things?”

“No, Kiri, it’s not. But I don’t suppose you’ll believe me until I prove it to you, will you?

Instead of waiting for her answer, he kissed her, still holding her wrists imprisoned. His weight pressed her down in the soft bed, his powerful grip held her helpless and yet it anchored her, protected her. Completely unlike her usual independence, but for now, strangely right. Somehow, by demanding her compliance, he’d removed the shame of wanting to do whatever he told her. She was safe in his skilled hands. She loved the abrasion of his hairy chest on her breasts, the hard press of his hipbones into her inner thighs, his mouth devouring hers.

He lifted up just enough that there was air between them and leaned on the elbow of the arm he held her hands with, reaching down with the other hand to shove his pants down. His cock slapped against her bare belly like a hot, silken brand.

Kiri shivered with the intensity of her excitement, and he watched her closely as he took himself in hand, the back of his hand brushing her mons as he stroked his shaft, up and down. He looked into her eyes as he stroked the broad, hot head into her swollen labia, and then pressed, thrusting into her.

She closed her eyes, suddenly shy, and his grip tightened on her wrists. “Don’t look away from me. I want to see those Tyger eyes while I fuck you.”

He kissed her, a swift, hard kiss. “Kiri.”

“Yes, Logan.” She gazed into his eyes as he thrust again, deeper. It burned a little.

Watching her closely, he pulled out a little and thrust again, his way easier this time as her arousal slicked his shaft. “Am I hurting you? You’re very tight.”

She shook her head stubbornly and he kissed her again. “Little warrior. Here, this will help.”

Letting go of her wrists, he moved up over her. Kiri tipped her head back to watch as he reached into a cubby in the headboard of the big bed. He came back with a small vial of clear, golden liquid. Sitting back on his haunches between her thighs, he squirted some into his palm and then stroked it over his cock with slow strokes, as if it was very pleasurable.

She watched raptly. He was beautiful, his cock springing up from his groin, long and thick and suffused with blood, the broad head dark. Sheathed in liquid, his shaft glistened under his stroking hand.

He watched her watching him, his face taut with purpose and pleasure. “What is that?” she asked.

“Gesics, with enhancers,” he answered. “Safe organics. You’ll like it.”

He poured more of the ointment into his palm and tipped his hand down to let the warm liquid flow over her mons and down over her pussy. Then he stroked his wet fingers into her folds, watching as he did so. A warm tingle spread from his fingers, delicious and a little frightening.

He looked up, watching her face as he thrust his fingers deep inside her. “It will feel even better with my cock inside you.”

She dug her fingers into the bed, wanting to hide from his knowing gaze and yet thrilling to it. “Then what are you waiting for?”

He withdrew his hand and knelt over her, wiping his fingers on his hard thigh. “Perhaps for you to ask me nicely to fuck you.”

The independent side of her wanted to slide regally off the bed and walk away, tease him as he was teasing her. But the ointment was working its magic on her pussy, making it throb and ache emptily. Or perhaps that was just the sight of his cock, waiting arrogantly for her to surrender and take him into her body. Perhaps it was all of him.

She’d never wanted anyone more. She bent her knees back, opening herself to him. “Fuck me, Logan Stark.”

He came down over her, his eyes blazing into hers. “Oh, I will, Kiri te Nawa. Until you give me what I want.”

Then he thrust into her, again and again, until he was seated deep inside her, the head of his cock lodged against the back of her pussy. Filling her to the brim, to her limits, with virile, rampant male. He lifted up just enough to look down between their bodies and grunted with satisfaction. “Ah, that’s so good, little cat. Now, give me your hands.”

It was only when he kissed her again that she realized she’d lifted her arms over her head for him. His hand grasped her wrists, manacling them tenderly as he began to move inside her. She moaned into his mouth at the overload of sensation in her pussy and he moved faster, thrusting into her with long, hard strokes. He was too big, too much, too everything. She fought him and he slowed, but kept moving. He didn’t let her go, either.

“Shh,” he murmured against her lips. “I’ll stop if you need me to, little cat. You know that, yes?”

Looking into his eyes, she nodded. He kept moving, slowly, holding himself back. Kiri moaned again, this time in pleasure. She moved her hips up to meet his, urging him onward.

“What do you want?” he asked roughly.

“You. Faster,” she urged him. “Harder.”

He groaned with pleasure and complied, driving into her with increasing force. The slap of flesh, the succulent sounds of their joining filled the quiet room, and his cock filled her until she could hold back no longer and screamed his name, her pussy convulsing in pleasure around him.

He came with a silent shudder that stiffened his long, powerful body over her, heat flooding her. He relaxed slowly and lay in her arms, a heavy, solid weight of hot, damp male. His breath soughed against her temple, his heart thundering against hers.

His grip on her arms relaxed, and his thumb caressed the soft skin of her inner wrists. Then he lifted up, slowly pulling out of her. Ravished and exhausted, Kiri lay there, feeling wet heat trickle out of her pussy and not caring.

He looked her over, a slow, hot sweep, before lying down beside her. “If you don’t mind, I won’t have you wash. I enjoy knowing my cum is in you,” he murmured.

Kiri was too shocked to answer. Was there no facet of sensual activity this man wouldn’t discuss?

He smiled, stroked his hand down over her, breast to hip, and let her go.

The lights dimmed once again, and she lay beside him in the darkness, listening to his breathing. What had she done? And what had she allowed him to do? He’d done more than have her, he’d possessed her. She should have been in control of her own body and her responses, not him.

She squirmed, heat burning down her face, her throat and chest, remembering the way he’d held her wrists and the way she’d let him. Oh, God, she’d allowed him to subdue her like a—a sexual captive, not an equal. She’d never let a guy hold her down like that, it was … unnerving.

If only it hadn’t been so good, so intense. He’d drawn response after response from her, of a power she hadn’t though herself capable.

“Go to sleep,” he murmured, his deep voice lazy with satisfaction and amusement. “You can think it through tomorrow.”

“My thoughts are my own.” She turned on her side, away from him. At least what was inside her head was off-limits.

“Hissing again so soon, little cat? Well, I suppose I didn’t bring you here for conversation, did I?”

Kiri pulled the soft covers up around her ears, and scowled into the darkness. Even her rebuffs amused him.





 6

Kiri woke with a start. She curled up, her hands and one knee under her, ready to spring. Where was she? In a strange bed, a strange room, filled with the soft light of glow lamps.

Logan Stark stood in the doorway of the room. She relaxed with a huff of breath, her heart pounding.

“Good morning,” he said. “All right?”

Kiri’s gaze slid over him. He wore a snug singlet and pants, both of the same thin, clinging fabric, in his signature dark gray. His broad shoulders and his arms, long and powerful, were bare and gleaming with a film of perspiration. His hard face was flushed, his eyes bright, short hair clinging to his well-shaped head. He looked younger without his armor of business suit.

“What are you doing?” No, of course she wasn’t all right. Memories were crashing over her in harsh, discordant waves. The loss of her money, the dreamlike trip in his cruiser and the dinner, then the fire, which meant the loss of everything else except her coffee stand.

She remembered her first, wild hope that it had all been just a nightmare and rolled her eyes at her own naïveté. Her nightmares attacked awake and asleep.

“Physical training,” he answered, watching her. “On my way to shower-dry. You needn’t get up yet.”

“Of course I do,” she said. “I’ve things I need to take care of.”

“What things?”

She grimaced, scrubbing her hand fretfully across her eyes. “Oh, just a new place to live, some clothing, and my credit back. Nothing much.” She moved and then froze as the covers slipped soft and silky against her skin. She was naked.

She lowered her hand, staring at him over her fingertips. He smiled slowly at her and the heat of memory swept over her face and body. And to top it all off, she’d not only slept with this man, she was in his home. He was a stranger, if an incredibly sexy, virile one, but she’d let him do everything he wanted to her. Even restrain her hands.

“Where are my things?” She needed her own armor.

He regarded her calmly. “Kiri. Stop worrying. What happens between us is no cause for shame.”

His admonition was too close for comfort, but she certainly wasn’t discussing that with him. “Of course I’m worried,” she said. “I’m the woman who just lost her credit and place to live, remember?”

He walked over to the bed, standing over her like a ruler surveying a concubine. And despite her turmoil, something in her traitorous body responded.

“And I’m the man who’s going to take care of you. Get up when you’re ready. Your lavatory is through there, and there are a few things in the walk-in closet. I’m sure you’ll find something to fit you.”

She cast a lightning glance around the luxurious room, understanding locking on like a tractor beam that yanked her up and slammed her into the wall of reality—Stark reality. He’d brought her to his pleasure pad. He did this kind of thing on a regular basis. She was just one of many women.

She dragged the soft coverlet with her as she thrust her feet over the edge of the bed and stood. “Where are my things?”

His face didn’t change, but she knew with a visceral certainty that he was amused.

“They should be hanging in the closet,” he said. “Enjoy your shower-dry.”

Turning, he strolled toward the door, which stood partly open, revealing a quiet hallway. Kiri sighed. “Wait.”

Stopping the doorway, he turned to look back at her over his broad shoulder.

“Thank you,” she said. “You’ve been … really kind. I appreciate that.”

Well, at least she’d managed to surprise him, although the flash of expression was gone as quickly as it appeared. He didn’t give much away. He inclined his head in acknowledgement.

“You’re welcome. Thank you for the very fine fucking. Come and eat when you’ve dressed.”

She frowned at him. “So maybe you were nice to me,” she said. “Doesn’t mean we’re doing any of—of this again.”

“Duly noted.” His eyes gleamed. “Although I believe I still owe you a spanking.”

He was laughing at her. She growled under her breath at his presumption that she would ever allow him to spank her. But heat arrowed straight down through her—she could imagine that circumstance all too vividly.

He turned away. She let her gaze slide down over his long, tapering back to lean hips and a tight, stellar ass, his thin drawstring pants draping over legs taut with muscle as he walked away. The recessed door slid shut behind him.

When he was gone, she blew out a long breath, forcing herself to relax. So she’d had a hot tryst with a quadrillionaire—it was over now. He was dominating and as irritating as a—a stone in her coffee beans. And she was the one who’d said yes to everything he’d asked.

Strong women admitted their own foibles and learned from them. So what she had to do was to stay at least an arm’s length away from him. No more touching, he was too good at it.

And far enough away she couldn’t look into his eyes. They were like some kind of tractor beam, pulling her in.

Also crucial to stay out of range of that deep, compelling voice of his. She had an uneasy feeling that she would do a lot to keep that warmth in his deep voice. Not good.

She groaned quietly. So far the man could seduce her with a look, a word or a touch. Clearly, she needed to stay completely out of his orbit.

Desperate for a distraction from her weakness, Kiri looked around, this time slowly, taking in every detail of her surroundings. It was like a luxury hotel at the pinnacle of the one of the city’s skyscrapers that she’d seen on the holovids.

The bedroom was the size of her entire apartment, all in softest of yellow, like a shaft of pale sunlight penetrating the heavy clouds of New Seattle. The walls were smooth, the fitments cerametal of gray so pale it was nearly white, as was the plush carpet under her feet.

She padded across the room, trailing her blanket. She nearly tossed it on the bed, but eyed the door uneasily, not willing to trust it wouldn’t open again to divulge one of his employees. He probably had staff here. She froze. Oh God, they might have heard her cries last night—she’d been pretty noisy.

Okay, not thinking about that.

The closet opened at a touch of her fingers, wide doors sliding open with a whisper. Wow. More than a closet, it was an entire small room, stocked with everything a woman could desire—at least for the boudoir.

There were robes of lii leaf silk, light as wisps of steam on their hangers, slippers set neatly in racks. A wide rack of drawers opened to reveal little lii silk tanks and panties, nighties and underthings of what looked like cobwebs, woven of delicate colors to highlight a woman’s skin.

She stroked her fingers over a pair of shell-pink panties, grimacing when a callus snagged the delicate fabric. Spider lace—she’d seen it in the high end shops on the space port concourse, but never touched it. It felt as lovely as it looked.

Stepping back resolutely, Kiri grabbed her black tunic and tights, hanging like a dead raven amongst the jeweled colors of the other garments. She sniffed—they’d been cleaned, the fabric fresh.

She turned to leave, only to stop in her tracks as she realized her serviceable underthings were missing. Her cheeks flamed with embarrassment—her panties and light bra were made of cheap fabric that had been recycled until the fibers frayed, but they were what she could afford. And now they were gone. That space magnate had ripped her panties off and probably thrown her bra away with it.

But most importantly, he’d seen it and handled it—and everything that lay underneath it. She took a step and nearly tripped over the blanket. Or perhaps she was stumbling over the truth—that she had loved every moment of sex with Logan Stark…and she wanted more.

She dropped the blanket, but the memory of his touch remained wrapped around her.



***



Stark stood in his lav, running the shaver over his jaw. As the tiny blades hummed, he glanced from the mirror to the holovid hovering in midair to his left.

The penthouse was fitted with surveillance holocams in every room, for security purposes.

But he wasn’t above using them to assuage his curiosity about his current guest. He had half an idea that she would run without even saying goodbye. If she wanted to go, he’d see her safely back to the port. That way he’d know where to find her again.

Now he watched appreciatively as she let the coverlet fall to the carpet.

Kiri te Nawa was a beauty, all right, with her pale golden skin. Slender and well-muscled, with long legs, a tiny waist and flat belly, but she had a full, heart-shaped ass. Her breasts were small, but they were high and firm, with small, dark peach nipples. She had fine ankles, slender, high-arched feet and capable little hands. Scarred with old burn marks. Scalds from coffee, probably. He’d like to send her to a top plastic surgeon, have the damage repaired. Her golden skin should be flawless.

His appreciation changed to amusement as she poked through one of the drawers in the dressing room bureau, her expression veiled. Pretending even to herself she didn’t care about whatever was in that drawer. Her eyes brightened though, when she found something she liked.

He grinned to himself as she lifted a pair of red spider lace panties and bra from the drawer. Wasn’t a woman of his acquaintance who could resist lovely underthings. She reached in again for a pair of delicate black stockings. With them in her hand, she turned, and his gaze dropped to the feathery triangle of black curls on her mons. His groin tightened and he grimaced wryly as he switched off his shaver.

Seemed once with her had only whetted his appetite. He’d move to keep her for a time, then. She could use his help, and he was more than ready for her in his bed again.

His last lover, the ex-mistress of a business rival, had been beautiful, inventive and full of information about her former husband’s business, but they’d parted weeks ago. He’d visited an exclusive sex club once since then, but while he’d come away sated physically, he wouldn’t mind a woman with whom he could talk, as well.

Kiri walked into the lav and Stark switched off the holovid link. Seemed she wasn’t going to run, at least not quite yet, so he’d give her privacy. Little cat—a man never knew when her claws were going to come out.

One thing about her, he wouldn’t be bored.



***



Stark was waiting for Kiri when she emerged, clean and dressed. He stood on the other side of a large, open room, a mug in his hands, looking out at the dark, foggy New Seattle day through floor to ceiling windows. He was dressed now in black fitted trousers and low boots, topped with a shirt of purple so dark it was nearly black. He had a brooding look, as if his thoughts were far away. Probably plotting how to own everything he saw.

The room was furnished in the same exquisite style as the bedroom, although in dark colors from the black leather of the bold, square furniture to the pewter and grays of the cushions inviting one to sit down and watch the rain from this warm, plush haven.

“Is that dark roast I smell?” she asked, stopping in the middle of the room.

Stark turned, his gaze focused on her like a laser. Kiri realized she’d braced herself for the force of his attention. Ah, and there was that smile as he looked her over, leaning one elbow on the wide ledge of the framework that traversed the windows.

Memories swirled between them with such heat she was surprised the windows didn’t fog up. Him, surging over her in the lamplight, his cock buried to the hilt in her. Stroking her deep inside, possessing her.

She locked her knees against the urge to go to him. She’d made him smile, that was only what she did for customers. More than that was foolish. He might have given her the best sex of her life, but that didn’t mean they were true intimates.

“Dark and hot,” he agreed. “Come. I’ve real cream.”

She crossed the room to him, or to his coffee. On a table before the windows a coffee service was set out, as well as a number of covered dishes emitting intriguing scents.

Stark pulled one of the metal and leather chairs out for her. His palm brushed the small of her back as she moved past him to sit. Ignoring the thrill of pleasure rippling through her skin, Kiri sat. She picked up the graceful cerametal carafe, pouring a stream of rich, dark coffee into her heavy mug. She looked at him inquiringly and he held out his mug for a refill, looking quietly pleased.

She quelled the urge to wish she belonged here. Better to pretend she was having a dream liaison in one of those fancy hotels. Delightful, but soon over.

She accepted the small pitcher he handed her and poured some of the rich creamer into her coffee. She took a sip and sighed with pleasure. Rich and full-bodied, the coffee was delicious.

“Pangaean,” he said. “You like it?”

She nodded, taking another drink.

“Although of course you serve this at your stand, yes?”

She gave him a look. “Oh, of course I do.” A vastly inferior grade, cut with so many grava beans it bore only a faint resemblance to this rich, dark brew.

Holding the hot cup in her hands, Kiri looked out the window at her side.

“Wow. How high are we?” she asked faintly.

“Thirty stories. Like the view?”

And she’d thought her fourteenth-floor walkup was high.

“Those buildings down there look like the building blocks my brother and I used to play with.” But at least from up here one couldn’t see the dirt and squalor of much of the city.

“You’ve a brother?” he asked.

She froze, and then took another drink too quickly, scalding her mouth.

“Used to.”

“Ah. I’ve two, myself,” he said quietly.

She jerked her chin in silent acknowledgement, but didn’t look at him, hoping he’d take the hint. The pain was too big. If she let it out now, after all she’d been through, she’d never get it contained. And she had to contain it, had to hold on. Even if it was only by her claws, with the abyss yawning beneath her.

She focused fiercely on the view. A big transport barge dropped out of the clouds to hover, signal lights flashing. The control room at the top held two humans and another being with a bulbous blue head. A Lo-Aq, maybe. If so, she pitied the quarkers stuck in that cockpit with him. The barge’s hull was battered, scarred by collisions with small meteors, other craft, docks and perhaps more.

A small port authority cruiser zipped up to hover by the barge, and the huge craft followed, dropping down into the fog.

Dizzy, Kiri jerked her gaze back to the room.

“Hungry?” Stark asked.

She surveyed the covered dishes over her coffee mug. She’d sworn she’d never want to eat again after that meal last evening, but she was hungry. When she nodded, Stark set down his mug and touched a button on the table. The cerametal covers of the dishes retracted, revealing their contents.

Kiri inhaled the rich aromas. The scones she recognized; she sometimes bought one from the bakery on the next concourse at the port. The fruit was golden ripe gremel from Pangaea. The fluffy yellow contents of the smaller dish next to it were a mystery, as were the crisp brown cylinders reposing in the third.

“Moonhen eggs and vegeprotein sausages,” Stark said. “Try some. Delicious.”

She eyed them doubtfully. “Real bird embryos?”

“Full of protein,” he coaxed, his eyes twinkling.

“All right, then.” Kiri allowed him to dish her some of the eggs and one of the sausages. She took a small bite of the eggs, chewing carefully. They were as tender as they looked and delicious, so she nodded at his look of inquiry and took a bite of the vegsausage. It was salty and crisp, and melted on her tongue. “That’s really good.” She took another bite, looking greedily at those left in the dish.

He nodded, indicating that she should take more. “I thought you’d like it.”

The gremel fruit was sweet, the scones were light and flaky, laden with plump dried berries. Kiri ate until she was full, setting down her fork with regret. “Delicious, thank you.”

Stark nodded, but his eyes sharpened over his coffee mug. “You’re welcome to stay for the midday meal.”

Her heart lifted, but only for an instant. Much as she’d love to stay in his luxurious orbit, it was not to be.

“I’ve things to do. A new place to live, and—”

He merely looked at her and she broke off with a shrug. He probably didn’t recall what it was like down here at the bottom of the food chain.

“I can’t get your credit back,” he said. “I know you don’t like what the Vulpean did, but it wasn’t illegal. But I can help you.”

Her heart gave another happy little leap. She rubbed her damp palms over her thighs. “Oh. What would that involve?”

He shrugged, as if it were as inconsequential as which flavor to have in his coffee. “We’ll decide that later.”

Later? She didn’t have until later. She only had now, and even that was debatable. Time to wake up from this pleasant little dream.

Kiri slid out of her chair, rising to look down at Stark. It should have been an advantageous position, but somehow it wasn’t. Only stubbornness held her straight and adamant, when she wanted to sink back into her chair and agree to whatever he was offering, except that she wasn’t sure it was anything but a soft nest for a few days and nights.

“Thanks, but I have a business to run. I can’t just take the day off.”

“Kiri—”

“Look, I appreciate your offer, but I’m a businesswoman, not one of your fancy whores. I can’t just lounge around here.” She waved her arm at the big room with its plush accoutrements.

His gaze iced. Kiri bit her lip, wishing she could swallow her hasty words. Quark, she’d had better manners than that since she was nine.

It was just that her lovely breakfast was knotting in her stomach with nerves as she remembered the gaping hole of her credit account and the empty coffee bins in her kiosk and her apartment and all its contents, gone.

What she really wanted to do was fling herself into his arms and weep. Not exactly a move of strength.

He held her there with just a look. “I don’t want to hear that word from your mouth again. It has nothing to do with you.”

“Sorry. I didn’t mean that. Not that way, at least.”

She couldn’t very well tell him it was the thought of being only one more in a swift parade through this place—here this week, gone when another more beautiful woman caught his eye, that drove her hot words. She was different, that was all. Just a novelty for him in his shiny world.

Whereas the debacle awaiting her in hers was of such a magnitude that those sinister wings were flapping under her breastbone again.

Stark rose, setting his napkin down. Well, that was fine, glad one of them was calm.

“A pity in a way,” he said. “You’d make an alluring courtesan.”

Her face burned. Okay then. She knew what he thought of her. Still a whore, just a higher class of one.

He shook his head, a crease between his brows. “Whatever you’re thinking, no. I wasn’t offering to keep you,” he said. “Though I would be glad to do that.”

He’d be glad to keep her? She gaped at him. When his gaze fell to her mouth, she closed it with a snap. “Exactly what were you offering?”

He walked around the table toward her. “To help you. We can discuss it later. Over lunch, perhaps?”

“Um—no, I can’t. I’ve my business.”

“Dinner, then.” He pulled a comlink from his belt in one smooth motion. “Giles, Ms. te Nawa is leaving. Pick her up at the side entrance, please.

“Giles will take you to the port. He’ll also pick you up later, if you wish.”

She nodded, not sure what to say.

“You can wait there,” he indicated a passageway at the end of the large area. “He’ll be up in a few moments. I’ve business of my own to attend to.”

She waited for him to walk away, but he stopped beside her, his shoulder nearly brushing hers. He lifted his right hand and stroked his fingertips down her cheek. She stared at his collar, fighting the urge to turn her face into his warm hand.

Her gaze lifted as high as his cleft chin, then that firm mouth. It curved up slowly in a smile of pure amusement, but there was heat there too.

“I’ll see you later, little cat.”

That lifted her gaze to his. She frowned. “Why do you call me that?”

His smile deepened. “Don’t you know?” he murmured. “Because you remind me of a sleek, lovely little cat, purring one moment, then hissing and showing your claws the next. You’ve Tygean blood in you.”

“My mother,” she answered, torn between charm and irritation by his description of her.

“Ah. Perhaps sometime we’ll visit Bryght, and see what effect the mating moons have on you.”

And with this outrageous suggestion, he pinched her chin gently, turned and strode away, through a wide door that hissed open at his approach, revealing a glimpse of a series of holovid screens glowing, and then shut again.

The big room was very quiet, almost empty without his vital presence.

Kiri forced herself to turn and walk into the passageway. As she entered it, the hatch hissed shut behind her.

She looked back for a sec and then squared her shoulders and walked toward the landing pad. Would she really be back, or was this the end of a brief, strange interlude?

Everything around her seemed slightly unreal, as if she’d wake up any sec in her tiny, noisy apartment and find that it was time to rise and hurry to work, with Logan Stark not even a memory.

He wanted to see the effect of the mating moons of Bryght on her? Great God beyond, the man had no inhibitions when it came to making sexual suggestions. She blushed again, this time all over.

Full-blood Tygers, both male and female, were known throughout the galaxy to be transformed by the pull of their mating moons into sensual creatures still mostly human in form, but more big cat in nature, who for a week or longer craved sex more than food or water.

Her mother had given that up to travel to Earth II with Kiri’s father, but Kiri had read enough to know that being part-Tygean herself, the female mating moons of her mother’s home planet would have some effect on her too if she traveled there. Which she would never do. She might enjoy sex, but she had no intention of trusting her sexuality to the mercy of the lunar pull.

Foolish enough to trust it to this man.





 7

What would it take to get her to trust him?

In his office, Stark poured coffee into the mug waiting beside a steaming carafe. Taking a drink, he turned to pace before the streamlined space with its banks of waiting holovids and input station. His little cat was going to be a handful.

He remembered the night before with a mixture of satisfaction and irritation. It wasn’t as if she was the type of woman he usually preferred. She wasn’t tall or bosomy, and her hair had been hacked by an inexpert hand.

There was just … something about the combination of feisty, independent cat and the pliant sweetness of her lithe body that drove him wild. As well as her husky voice and that laugh of hers. Even when she’d been strung tight with nerves, he’d still been able to make her laugh. What had they been speaking of? Ah, skrog, of all things. He smiled to himself, imagining her face when she first saw the creatures, as well as any number of other wonders in the galaxy. She hadn’t traveled, judging from her questions.

She’d known her share of loss, though. No people, although she’d let slip she’d had a brother. So she’d lost him as well as her parents. Now she’d lost even her dubious shelter and most of her credit.

The dazed, animal pain in her eyes after the explosion of her apartment building had hit him hard. He knew what it was to lose even one’s shelter, to be cast onto the streets of this city with nothing, with survival hinging on every move, every decision. He’d done it and she probably would too, but at what cost?

He’d slid into bed with her last night so that she wouldn’t be alone when she woke. He could have left Opal or his housekeeper, Natan, on night watch, or even set a holovid droid to hover by the bed, alert for any sign of agitation, but he’d wanted to be the one to comfort her.

No hardship there, but he hadn’t expected her to seduce him so determinedly. He would have done many things to chase the shadows from those Tyger eyes of hers, but she’d asked the very thing he wanted to do anyway. And then she’d delighted him by accepting his domination, even being comforted by it.

He wanted her to submit to him further. He wasn’t even sure all the ways yet. He’d make them up as they went along. She pleased him as few other women in his memory.

He froze, cup at his lips, steam curling against his face. Surely that couldn’t be true. He’d had courtesans from several planets. Beautiful women who knew tricks this little cat would never dream of. No, he was just bored. His businesses and investments were burgeoning on three planets and in space via his cruise ships, but lately he’d been a bit … restless.

He smiled wickedly into his coffee cup. The advice psychs did say to keep a pet. So perhaps he owed it to himself to take on a Tyger kitten.

He’d keep his emotions out of it, of course. He always did. There were several beings in the galaxy he counted friends. There were only two he’d die for—his younger brothers, Joran and Creed.

He’d been in love once; for a time even nursed a broken heart.

Adora, his first and only ‘love’. He grimaced, taking a swig of scalding coffee.

A less aptly named female had never been born. Behind a face of sweet innocence had lurked a heart so mercenary he’d been unable to believe the evidence of her betrayal. Until, of course, he’d seen it with his own eyes. Then the truth had taken him down like a charging Mauritian.

Now he held himself apart from the idiocy that drove beings to make fools of themselves, risking fortunes and self-respect for hormone-ruled emotion. He’d risked worse than that—his brothers’ well-being.

He’d never again allow himself to be led by his cock. Sex was a necessity of life for him and Kiri’s cunt was sweet and wild, but he controlled when, how and all the rest.

It was merely curiosity that led him to bring up a one-way feed on the holocams. “Departure station and cruiser cabin,” he said.

Two holovid screens sprang to life. One showed the empty passageway out of his penthouse. The other gave him a clear view of the cabin of his cruiser and the woman curled in one of the big chairs. Kiri gazed out the porthole, arms wrapped around her slender midriff. As he watched, she moved to tuck her feet up beside her in the chair, then stopped, casting a guilty look over at Opal, who stood in the passageway to the cockpit, chatting with Giles.

“Camera, close up.” The holocam zoomed in on Kiri’s face as she turned back to the porthole. Limned in the grayed light of another rainy day in New Seattle, her lovely face was taut, troubled. Gazing past the holocam, she touched one hand to her lips and then blew out a sharp breath, nearly a sob in the sensitive microphones.

His guest was upset, was she? He sat in his big skrog leather and cerametal chair, taking another drink of his coffee. Realizing just what a chore lay before her. She’d attempt to scrape her life back together. When she’d had time to realize she needed him, he’d move in again. It was just a matter of time and strategy.

He looked away, satisfied. Time for other business.”News channels, up. Earth II, primary.”

An attractive blonde in a fitted suit filled the screen. “In our top local news story, rioting broke out again last night near the sea docks, and an entire block of buildings was destroyed. Looters were seen leaving the area before the explosion. Many are missing and feared dead in this latest wave of violence between the unemployed and the security forces for local unions and business owners. According to the mayor’s office, Intergalactic Space Forces have been called in to police the docks. More on that story shortly.”

Stark watched without surprise. This merely solidified his decision to consolidate his holdings here and sell the wharf-side factory to his employees. His security people were doing all they could keep it from going up in flames until the IGSF was able to restore law and order.

The news anchor turned to another camera, which angled in. “In other news, we take you now to the New Seattle Spaceport, where safety concerns have been raised, after a local businessman was found murdered. Let’s join reporter Randy Mega on the scene.”

Nothing new here, either. Probably some poor sod in debt to organized crime. Stark sipped his coffee as the holocam switched to a young man smiling toothily from a small, gleaming white hovie with the news station’s logo. Travelers filtered by behind him, gawking curiously. One human boy broke away from his mother and made a face into the holocam before being recaptured.

The reporter furrowed his brow earnestly as he gazed into the holocam. “Yes, Gretchen. Gral Roden, Vulpean owner of a gambling kiosk here on the Astrid concourse was found murdered this morning in the service passageway behind his place of work. Roden was under investigation by local police and, we’ve just learned, by the IGSF for allegedly fixing several of his games.”

Stark set his mug down on his desk, foreboding tightening his gut.

Randy Mega smirked confidentially into the camera. “Witnesses say that another local business owner, from this coffee stand—” The holocam swiveled to show Kiri’s Kaffe, closed and quiet, and then switched to a security feed of her standing at the counter in her kiosk, smiling and chatting with a customer as she handed him a disposable mug. “—had a loud confrontation with Roden just yesterday evening, in which she accused him of cheating her out of a large sum of credit. She is also alleged to have made actual death threats. As you can see, she has not shown up to open her stand this morning. Neighboring business people say they have no idea where she may be.”

“Seven hells.” Stark palmed his com unit from his belt. “Giles, if you’re still in the air, turn around. I need you to bring Ms. te Nawa back here.”

His pilot’s tough, square face filled the screen. “Sorry, sir. Just dropped her off at the space port. Problem?”

“Yes, a continuation of yesterday’s, I believe. Come and pick me up, please.”

Opal and Giles had been monitoring him through the space port yesterday, a standard security procedure, so they’d seen him rescue Kiri from her attempted assault on the crooked gambler.

“Be there in exactly twenty secs, sir.”

“I’ll be waiting.” Logan rose and strode out into the main room. Natan, a slender Pangaean, was clearing the table. He straightened with dishes in his hands.

“Good breakfast,” Stark said. “Our guest will be returning for dinner.”

“Very good, sir.” Natan’s greenish-blond hair stirred slightly in excitement, although his slim, pale face remained politely impassive. “She has an excellent appetite.”

“Yes,” Stark said. “She does indeed.” In more ways than his butler knew.

He collected his jacket from the closet by the passageway and strode down the passageway, just as the hatch at the end opened to reveal the cruiser, with Opal waiting.

“Back to the space port,” Stark ordered as he strode on board. “Your passenger is going to need rescuing again.”

“Really, sir?” Opal didn’t sound too surprised.

But then, reflected Stark wryly, neither was he.

As he sat back in his comfortable seat, he found himself chuckling. He should have had Giles fly in the opposite direction. The woman was a menace, to herself and possibly anyone in her vicinity. Nothing sly about her—she broadcast her emotions for everyone to hear and see.

He wasn’t even sure he could keep her out of trouble.



***



Kiri thanked Stark’s flight attendant, or guard, as the woman opened the cruiser hatch for her to disembark at the space port, but neither of them bothered with a smile this time. Kiri wasn’t wasting any friendliness on the woman after she’d spent the entire flight keeping an eye on Kiri, as if that was the only thing preventing her from stealing the towels from the lavatory.

As Kiri exited the cruiser, she passed the cockpit. It looked fascinating, full of gauges and lights and holovid displays. She wished she could step in and see what it felt like to sit up there, mistress of her own destiny, instead of a rather unwelcome passenger.

Opal nodded curtly, and Kiri hurried along the podway toward the concourse, shivering in her thin tunic. Even though they were enclosed, the podways were always cold and damp, and permeated with the harsh stench of the port. Her shivers reminded her with a sickening jolt that she no longer owned a jacket, or indeed any clothes other than the ones she wore.

She stopped just before the entrance to the concourse, one hand to her face, light-headed even after her sumptuous breakfast.

“Better get busy and sell some coffee, Kiri,” she muttered to herself. A fashionably dressed woman looked at her as she passed, then hurried on.

Kiri glowered after her. The woman had looked at her as if she were a crazy, someone to be avoided. Well, at least she had nice undies on, she thought with a flash of dark humor. Probably nicer than those the fashionista wore.

And she wasn’t entirely alone. She had Logan Stark. This memory lit a small, warm glow of hope in her chest.

Then she reminded herself not to depend on him. Ships in the same port, that was all they were, docking for a short time and then moving on.



***



Kiri walked out onto the concourse and into yet another nightmare.

A crowd had gathered between her kiosk and the gambling den on the other side of the concourse. She stared in amazement at a news reporter holding forth in the glare of the spotlighted holovid cams. Even the space port police were here, their cycles hovering behind them as they worked the crowd. They seemed to be asking questions.

At the back of the crowd was a familiar figure. Maury was an older woman who worked the kiosks, selling packets of souvenirs. Under a cloud of silver hair, her dark, lined face held the remnants of beauty. She dressed in rag-tag ensembles, adding more layers in the winter, shedding some in the summer.

Kiri bought things from her when she could, but the magnets, clips and hovertoys were cheaply made, and she had trouble getting rid of them. Sometimes she gave them away free with a latte just to clear the counters. She would keep buying them, though, because Maury had an air of brave gaiety despite the grueling miles she put in every week. She couldn’t use the hoverways and stop at all the kiosks along the concourses, so she walked. Of course a personal hoviecycle was out of the question. They were very expensive, only for the space port guards and the wealthy elderly.

Kiri stopped beside the older woman. “Maury? What’s happening?”

The peddler turned, eyes wide. She dropped the handle of her hoviecart and embraced Kiri in a hug scented with stale perfume, hookah smoke and cooking odors.

“My dear girl. You’re all right. I feared—well. Perhaps that you’d been murdered, too.”

Kiri pulled back, aghast. “Murdered? Who’s been murdered?”

Maury stiffened, her eyes fastened on something over Kiri’s shoulder. “Quickly, hide your face. They’re looking this way.”

Too late. “There she is,” called a raucous voice, rough with smoke. “It’s her, the coffee seller.”

Kiri froze as one of the bar habitués pointed at her. Others turned to stare. They conferred in hushed voices, watching her avidly.

“Oh, dear,” Maury fretted. “They’ve seen you now.”

‘They’ were the space port police. Kiri watched in horror as two of the helmeted, armor-clad officers leapt on their hovies and zipped over the crowd, dropping to either side of her and Maury, who clung to her protectively, her shabby shawl draped as much over Kiri as herself.

“State your name and occupation,” the taller of the two officers said through his microphone, stepping to the floor before Kiri. She couldn’t make out his face behind the reflection on his helmet’s clear face shield.

Kiri opened her mouth, closed it, tried to swallow the husk in her dry throat, and opened it again. “Kiri te Nawa. I sell coffee … over there.” She nodded toward her kiosk. “That’s my shop.”

“She’s the one who had the altercation with the gambler,” the other officer said from the height of her cycle. “Better bring her in for questioning.”

“Bring me in?” Kiri repeated, ice creeping through her gut. “For what? What’s happened?”

“That awful little gambler,” Maury said in her ear. “They found him behind his shop—murdered.”

The Vulpean? Murdered right here? How horrible, even if the little rat had deserved it. “But—but I didn’t do it. I wasn’t even here.”

“You’ll have the chance to call witnesses to attest to your whereabouts,” the tall officer said. “Come along now.”

“We can’t leave yet,” the female officer told him. “We haven’t finished canvassing the witnesses to the altercation. Hold her here until we’re finished.”

“Hey, wait a sec!” Kiri protested, angry now.

The helmets ignored her. Maury patted her shoulder fiercely. “It’s all right, dear,” she said. “You just need … well, you need—”

Kiri held herself stiff, outwardly defiant, staring back at the gawkers, their gaze avid, mouths busy gossiping. A craven part of her wanted to bolt through the crowd. The helmets were going to take her to space port police headquarters and question her. She didn’t know if she could stand it—it would be too much like ... that other time.

“You need a witness,” Maury added, her eyes bright. “Someone to say you weren’t here. I can’t, because I was here. But perhaps you were with a friend, hmm?”

Stark. She’d been with Logan Stark. Relief filled her, buoyant and warm.

“I was with someone,” she told her guard. “I couldn’t have killed anyone, I was with a man all night.”

The officer held up his com for her to speak into. “State his name and occupation.”

“Stark,” Kiri said. “Logan Stark. That’s—that’s him up there.” She pointed at the LodeStar hologram swirling above them. As if summoned, Stark and his captains appeared, standing shoulder to shoulder, gazing down at the crowd.

The officer lowered his com. “Nice try.”

“It’s true,” Kiri cried, flushing with humiliation. He thought she’d seized Stark’s face and name from the holovid. “I was with him.”

“Well, vid him up, and he can vouch for you,” the officer said cynically.

“I-I can’t,” she admitted, her face burning. “I don’t have his comlink code. But I have one for his cruiser pilot.”

The policeman showed her his back, his helmeted head turning back and forth as he scanned the crowd.

“Oh, dear,” Maury patted her again. “That’s too bad, dear.”

Too bad? It was disastrous. Hauled to port police headquarters? She’d never get her kiosk open, and if she didn’t make a profit this week, she’d lose her kiosk too.

Kiri ducked her head and pulled out her comlink. She’d try to reach Stark’s pilot. But her flimsy old unit chose this moment to flicker and sputter. “Come on,” she muttered, fiddling with the controls. “Come on, work.”

“Hello-o,” caroled a cheery, magnified voice. The news hovie zipped over the heads of the crowd and stopped before them. Kiri held up one hand to shield her eyes as lights glared into her face, nearly blinding her. “Are you Ms. Kiri te Nawa, of Kiri’s Kaffe? How about answering a few questions? Is it true that you threatened to kill Mr. Gral Roden?”

The crowd moved closer. Kiri edged behind the tall helmeted officer, wishing she could just disappear. Her stomach roiled, her breakfast threatening to come back up. She swallowed hard.

“No!” She glared at the smirking reporter. “I didn’t kill him.”

“Stay back,” warned the officer. The news hovie retreated a few centimeters, but his gaze and his cameras stayed on Kiri.

“But is it true that several witnesses heard you threaten to do so?” The reporter trilled the word ‘threaten’ with relish.

“I didn’t kill him.” Little quarker. If she could reach those hovering cameras, she’d smash them in his heavily made-up face. “Go on, leave me alone.”

“All right, we’re done here. Bring the woman.” It was the female officer, aboard her hovercycle.

“Come along.” A gloved hand grasped her arm, and Kiri was lifted off her feet and deposited in the back of the second cycle. “You’ll come to headquarters.”

“No, wait,” she protested, wriggling. “You have the wrong woman.”

“Sit down and be silent, prisoner.” A bar snapped around her, restraining her forcibly in the seat. The armor-clad male officer stepped onto the cycle in front of her, and they zipped straight up, hovering above the crowd. Faces turned up, eyes staring.

The last thing Kiri saw before she was whisked away was the newscaster pointing the cameras at her. Behind him, the crowd shifted. Her heart leapt. Through a gap, she saw the face of the one man who could help her. Logan Stark stood at the far side of the crowd, leaning on the wall of the concourse. Watching the scene with detached interest.

Catching his eye, Kiri waited for recognition to spark, for him to forge through the crowd to her rescue. Instead, he merely returned her gaze for a long, agonizing moment. Her hands clenched into fists. What was he waiting for?

“Please,” she mouthed. “Help me.”

He looked away, his lips moving. He was on his comlink.

He might as well have slapped her across the face. The hovie rocked under her, but as she was swept away above the crowd, Kiri was blinded by tears. Lying quarker. What had he said to her? ‘I’m the man who’s going to take care of you.’

Right. When she needed him the most, he was on a business call. Guess he wasn’t interested in saving her after all. She was, as always, alone.





 8

The new port authority headquarters was nice enough, if one entered through the front, with a reception area and pleasant, uniformed officers to answer questions. Kiri had been there to fill out a theft form a few lunar months ago when someone stole her old display holocam.

It was considerably less pleasant when she was hustled in through a dark tube full of flashing beams and blipping monitors that held the stench of fear and sweat and other bodily functions, and ordered to stand still while droids scanned her body and clothing. From there, more helmeted officers chivvied her into a small room with a large chair, holovid monitors humming ominously.

At least the officer on duty, a tired-looking Indigon with silver hair, was not wearing a full helmet. But then he turned his piercing blue gaze on Kiri, and she pressed back into the chair, deciding she preferred faceless helmets to eyes that looked as if they could reach deep inside her and rip out all her secrets.

He gave her a slight smile as he scooted his rolling stool closer. “You’ll be fine. Just sit quietly.” The upturn of his thin lips did nothing to warm the chill of those deep sapphire eyes, or the trembling deep inside her. She felt ready to fly into a million pieces.

“What are you going to do?” she demanded, eyeing the contraption of wires and small pads dangling from a metal arm projecting from the chair beside her head.

“Question you. It won’t hurt, unless you try to get away. Then you’ll receive an unpleasant shock.”

“Already had several of those today,” she muttered.

“I do not mean in the metaphorical sense,” he said. “This would be physically painful.”

Didn’t he know that after having her world jerked out from under her and then having the only man who could have saved her refuse to do so, her pain was so deep it was physical? A cold, hollow void in her chest that made it hard to breathe. She’d let Logan Stark fuck her, and he’d turned away from her like a complete stranger. Even Tal hadn’t done that.

“Now,” the officer said, pausing with a thick black cuff in his hands. “Look at me.”

Kiri did, and strangely, she felt calm flow through her, almost as if she’d been drugged.

“You’re doing that mind control on me, aren’t you?” The panic was still there, but its wings were tethered now, as if wrapped in padding, along with her hurt and anger.

“Yes. You ... appear to need it.”

“Thank you,” she remembered to say.

The officer gave her an odd look. Must not get a lot of suspects with manners.

Kiri let him fasten a cuff around her wrist and attach one of the monitors to her inner wrist and another to her temple.

“So, I just tell the truth and then you’ll know I didn’t kill the gambler, right?”

“Correct.” He scooted away from her, and Kiri let her breath out in a whoosh. If all she had to do was answer a few questions, she could do that. And they’d soon see she was innocent.

“We are ready.”

A holovid sprang to life in the center of the room. A grim being faced Kiri, with a grayish face that could have been carved from cerametal—a Freyan.

Even with the shot of whatever mind-padding the Indigon officer had given her, perspiration broke out on her upper lip and prickled under her arms. With a supreme effort she kept her face stoic. Freyans were known for their ferocity and lack of the softer emotions. They made great wardens for places like the prison planet, Deep Six. This one wore the uniform of the Port Authority, with epaulets across his blocky shoulders.

“Kiri te Nawa,” the Freyan rasped, his voice like the crushing of beans in her grinder. “You are here to be questioned in the death of Gral Roden. Answer the questions truthfully. If you are judged to be untruthful, you will be detained. Do you understand?”

Kiri nodded. Although, did anything she said or did really matter? She’d lost her credit, her home and apparently her reputation in one day. All that was left was for them to drag her off to jail. She’d pinch herself to make sure this wasn’t some bizarre nightmare, except that she could feel the cold of the monitor patch on her face, and she had to pee, so she must be awake.

“First question.” Her attention jerked back to the holovid. She was awake, all right.

The Freyan questioned her about every aspect of her argument with the dead gambler and then moved on to her activities of the evening and the night.

Kiri was too miserable to be more than fleetingly embarrassed about admitting that she’d had dinner and then sex with a stranger. She confessed every detail she could recall of meeting Stark, going to the restaurant and then to his penthouse with him for the night. Fortunately the Freyan did not seem interested in what happened there, only that she’d stayed the night and had not returned until this morning.

Finally, the Freyan turned to the Indigon, who sat quietly by the humming monitors. He didn’t seem to be paying much attention to them, just watching her with those eerie eyes.

He nodded once. “She speaks the truth.”

“Very well. Release her.” The Freyan’s rock-like visage disappeared.

Kiri closed her eyes as they filled with sudden, hot tears. She covered her eyes with her free hand, barely noticing as the Indigon removed the cuff and the monitors.

“It is over. You’re free to go.”

Free to go. That was a good one. Go where? All she had left was her stand, and it was besieged with gawkers and news cameras. Okay, she just had to think. She’d let them gawk, but she’d only answer questions to anyone who bought a coffee. That would work.

She was fine, just fine. She’d been alone before and gotten through.

Swiping her eyes with the back of her hand, Kiri slipped from the interrogation chair and followed the Indigon from the small room

In the passageway outside, he gestured toward a holovid display at one end. “Follow the signs, you’ll be out in a sec.”

Kiri nodded. She took a deep, shaky breath and continued along the passageway, only to stop as a female officer stepped out of a doorway.

“Ms. te Nawa? In here.” What now, were they going to issue a warning to stay out of trouble? Her face stiff with renewed humiliation, Kiri stepped into the small room. The door shut behind her, leaving her facing the occupant.

She glared, resentment burning through her chill. “What are you doing here? Come to gloat?”

Logan Stark rose from his chair. Her hands fisted at her sides, nails digging into her palms. How dare he look at her as if she were space trash, habitually in and out of jail.

“Stay away from me. I’ve nothing to say to you. You let them question me. When you knew I wasn’t here—couldn’t have done it.”

He looked startled, then his face hardened. “Kiri, this was the best way.”

Thought he could intimidate her into believing him. Kiri turned her back on him, ignoring her tears to reach blindly for the controls on the doorway. Two strong hands closed on her arms, turning her back to him.

When she struggled, his grip tightened. “Kiri. Listen to me.”

She fought him. “No, let me go.”

Stark pulled her hard against him. When she kicked him on the shin, he shook her.

She glared at him. “You quarker. Y-you wouldn’t even speak up for me. That’s all I wanted. Instead you were on some business link.”

“Listen to me,” he repeated and this time she froze, her gaze locked with his. “Of course I spoke up for you, little wildcat. I wasn’t on a business call; I was speaking with the captain. I followed you here to the station, made a statement that you were with me the entire night.”

He’d spoken for her? “You did? Then why—” her lip trembled. “—why did they question me like that?”

His hand stroked up and down her back, warm and soothing. “Because if I’d simply given you an alibi, you’d have remained a suspect. I may be a well-known businessman, but I wouldn’t be the first man fooled by a beautiful woman, and the police know that. Now that you’ve been questioned under the lie detector, they know for certain you had nothing to do with the Vulpean’s death—or at least that you didn’t kill him.”

His words shocked her out of the warmth of knowing he’d supported her. “What do you mean, at least I didn’t kill him? You think I hired someone?”

“It’s common enough.”

She shoved at him and this time he let her go. She gave him a scathing glare. “Oh, of course you’d think that. Because I’m such a femme fatale, I have galaxies of males vying to do my dirty deeds, even though I can’t pay them.”

He gave her a wry look. “Look, we both know you could talk most men—or women—into doing what you want them to. And don’t tell me you don’t know just how charming you are, because I won’t believe you. You’re an operator, Kiri te Nawa.”

Kiri’s face flamed, and she fought his grip. “Let me go. I don’t have to stay here and listen to your sleazy insults.”

His eyes narrowed, and as his grip tightened, Kiri froze. In his own, urbane way, he was as forceful as that Freyan, his gaze nearly as penetrating as the Indigon’s.” And where will you go?”

She lowered her gaze to his broad chest. “I’ll go back to my coffee stand. If they want to ask me questions, they can buy my coffee first.”

“I believe you’d try it. But you’ve no credit, no coffee and nowhere to sleep,” he said. “And from the look of you, you’ve used up most of your emotional reserve. Kiri, look at me.”

When she finally did, her hands resting on his broad chest, his gaze was waiting, steady and certain. “Let me help you. I wasn’t insulting you when I called you an operator. I know it isn’t easy for a woman to make it alone in this city.”

Her knees were trembling. She locked them, and let go of him deliberately. “All right, but just—just until I get things settled.”

He exhaled, pulling her against his side. “Good enough for now. Come on.”

His arm around her, Stark walked her along the corridor and out into the front hall, where they found Maury waiting, perched in a chair with her hovie-cart close at her side. She hurried to hug Kiri, her lined face worried.

“Oh my dear child, are you all right? You look ... well, they didn’t use interrogation methods on you, did they?” She pulled a disposable tissue from the depths of her capes and offered it to Kiri.

Kiri took it, wiping her wet face. “Not too bad. Just some questioning—an Indigon and a Freyan.”

Maury straightened to exchange a look with Stark. “I see. Well, I think you should go somewhere those news cameras can’t find you.”

“She will,” Stark promised.

Kiri found she didn’t want to let Maury go. “Thank you.” She hugged Maury, thin under all her shawls. “Thank you for sticking by me.”

“Well, of course,” Maury patted her back. “You’ve stood by me, my dear. I’m only returning the favor. But all’s well that ends well, if you know what I mean.” She cast a significant look at the man behind Kiri.

Kiri grimaced. “It’s not quite like that.”

“Perhaps,” Maury said. “In any case, I must get on my rounds. Goodbye.”

She hurried away, hovie-cart following. Leaving Kiri alone with Stark, who slid his arm around her again, as if she were his now. “She’s your friend?”

“I sell her souvenirs at my kiosk. We look after each other.”

“Good. Ready to go?”

She shrugged. Then, because he waited, she nodded.

“There,” he said, steering her back toward the hoverway. “That wasn’t so hard, was it? Accepting my help.”

“Oh, I’ve no doubt you’ll think of a way for me to repay you.”

“Of course,” he agreed coolly. “That’s how I got where I am.”

Kiri closed her eyes for a sec. Yes, it had been a hellish day and a half, but she was snapping at his hand outstretched to help her—again.

“I’m sorry,” she said. “That was petty. I do appreciate your help.”

He looked down at her, searching her face as if she were speaking in a foreign tongue without a translator. “I meant what I said, Kiri. I do expect something from you in return.”

“What, free coffees for life?”

He shook his head. “How could anyone as lovely as you possibly be so quarking blind?”

“Hey.” She wasn’t sure if he’d just complimented her, insulted her, or both. She stopped in her tracks, pulling free of his arm. “Look, Stark, we both know I’m not like the women you usually have—”

He gave her a look. “And how would you know that?”

She waved a hand. “The kind of things they leave behind, for one thing. I’ve never owned underthings like that in my life, but if I did I certainly wouldn’t forget them somewhere.

“And besides,” she went on, ignoring his smirk. “You’re…you, and I’m me. We’re not exactly a matched set.” Unlike the undies.

His amusement disappeared. He hadn’t liked that, but it was the truth.

“Be quiet.” Ignoring the travelers passing by, Stark backed her against the wall. He held her there with the press of his much larger, harder body. His warm hand cupped the side of her face, holding it turned up to his. Kiri waited, her heart pounding with the suffocating excitement only he seemed to generate in her.

“I want you, Kiri,” he said baldly. “I want you in my bed and in my house. I want to fuck you as often as I can. I want you there to look at and perhaps even to talk to if you’ve anything intelligent to say other than that you’re not worth my interest. I want to dress you in lovely things chosen for you and then take them off of you, whenever, wherever and however I want.”

He stared at her, his face taut. “Now do you understand me?”

Mesmerized by the absolute determination in his gaze, she nodded. He really did want her. No man had ever wanted her for more than quick and dirty sex. So this was how it felt.

He kissed her, hard. His mouth closed over hers, hot and damp, his lips biting at hers, tasting and possessing them, demanding that she open to him. His tongue swept into her mouth, tangling with hers, coaxing her to suckle it and then doing the same to hers. She accepted it, reveled in it. When he kissed her she could forget everything around her.

Finally the kiss gentled, and he lifted his head, just enough to look at her mouth, his thumb sweeping across her cheek to stroke between her wet lips. She caressed it with her tongue, tasting him. And would have done more right there, had he demanded it.

“Soon,” he promised, his gaze hot. He straightened, his arm about her again, and propelled her back out into the busy concourse. “Now come along.”

Kiri walked along with him, and on the hoverway, she leaned into him. Not that she needed him to support her, but at least for however long this lasted, she wouldn’t be alone.





 9

Stark’s attendant didn’t look too surprised to see Kiri.

Kiri dropped into the seat across from Stark on his cruiser. He made sure her seat harness was fastened for takeoff and sat back in his own seat.

“I do have one question,” he said after a moment. “Why did you gamble more than you could afford?”

“None of your business.”

He looked at her over his steepled hands. “It is. If you have an addiction, I want to know before we become involved. There are treatment programs. But more than that, I will not tolerate that particular compulsion.”

Her face burned. He thought she was a total slummer—gambling, murder. “I don’t have an addiction. I told you I’m good with numbers. I used that to get my business going. Also, I can see patterns, figure trends. I started watching the display between customers. After a while, I saw a pattern. Did some figuring and made a few small wagers. I won them all.”

She rubbed her hands over the soft leather of the chair. “Then the fighting started to get really bad in my quadrant. Been waiting to get flashbombed in my bed. Or grabbed off the street by a slaver. I decided to make one big wager and then have enough credit to get a better place, closer to the port.”

“Ah.” He nodded, and when she looked at him warily, she saw no judgment, only wry acceptance. “And the Vulpean saw you coming.”

“Little bastard changed the patterning, instead of finishing the set the way it would have played out organically.”

His eyes narrowed. “You are good with numbers. One of a thousand would pick up on a subtle pattern like that.”

She let her head fall back on the chair. “For what good it does me.”

He grunted in acknowledgement. “So in fact, your ... misfortunes have been cause and effect. The fighting worsened, so you gambled. The Vulpean was cheating his customers, so you lost and he was killed.”

She stared at him. “But I didn’t—oh. You think he was killed by someone else he cheated yesterday.”

Stark shrugged. “It is the answer that makes the most sense.”

“Well, I for one hope they never get caught,” she muttered.

“You may have your wish. Security holovids from the back passageway are missing, according to the source I spoke with.”

“Really?” That was more sophisticated than just a clout over the head from an enraged customer. Kiri shuddered.

Organized crime was always slithering around the edges of the port, looking for merchants to strong-arm. She had avoided the gangers’ attention herself by having so few profits she wasn’t worth bothering with. But she supposed the Vulpean had been worthy of their attentions.

She wondered if Tal was involved, and hoped not. She didn’t want to think a man she’d been with was capable of murder, although he probably was if pushed.

She frowned at the dark, gloomy cityscape. “Where are we?”

“Headed south from the space port.”

Kiri craned her neck to peer out the porthole nearest her. A familiar tall, thin obelisk speared into the clouds. Lights danced up and down its sides in an ever-changing display of colors and patterns. “Hey, there’s the New Space Needle. My apartment is near here. Can we—?” She looked at him.

“You know there’s nothing left,” he said quietly.

Kiri swallowed the hot lump in her throat. “I know. But I need to see it.”

He nodded. “Giles, fly over Astra quadrant. When you reach Landing Ten, hover please. And we’ll want the belly cams.

“Yes, sir.”

The cruiser swung west. Kiri gasped, grabbing the arms of her chair as a holovid opened before her. It was as if her seat hung in midair, only drifting clouds and dirty fog between her and the rooftops of her old neighborhood. She checked to make sure Stark was still across from her. He was watching her, his face enigmatic.

Their flight slowed, and she looked down again. There it was, the familiar tall, empty building on the corner, windows like empty eye-sockets. And the odd yellow of the fastener factory. But between them lay only a heap of blackened, twisted metal and fabrication, smoke still drifting in odd wisps from the depths. The near wall of the factory had been scorched too, long black streaks contrasting with the garish yellow.

Streamers of pale blue substance lay draped over the rubble like ice she’d seen on a holovid of Earth I. Cryofoam. No fire could withstand the intense cold and suffocation if enough of the foam could be sprayed from fire-fighting cruisers. There was still one parked on the street, and she could see chartreuse-suited firefighters and police in red suits clustered on the ground.

Kiri drew a shaky breath and then another. There was truly nothing left. No way could anything of hers have survived that. Not that she’d had much.

“Kiri, you’re safe. That’s all that matters.”Stark said quietly. “Things can be replaced.”

“Not all of them,” she whispered.

“What did you lose that was so important to you?”

She swallowed, hard. “I had a strongbox. Cerametal, fire and waterproof. Had some things in it. Holovids.”

“Of your family. No copies backed up anywhere?”

“No idea. I don’t know what servers my parents used, or if they’re even still up on the grid anywhere.”

“How old were you when they died?”

“It was a long time ago. Can we go now, please?”

“Yes,” Stark said. “We’re going shopping.”

She twisted to stare at him. “Shopping?” she repeated blankly. “Uh, I don’t really feel up for shopping.” More as if she’d been put through a garbage recycler and hung out to dry.

“You need something other than that to wear.” He flicked a look over her shabby smock and tights.

“What about my coffee stand?” she asked. Although she wasn’t sure the police would let her near it today. Ugh, another day of lost business she couldn’t make up.

“That will wait ‘til tomorrow, when the furor has died down. Meanwhile, I’m tired of looking at that smock.”

She was tired of wearing it. She wouldn’t mind a comfortable knit outfit, like the tights, tanks and soft jackets she wore when she was off work. She got them cheaply at a resale shop near the space port. Occasionally there were pretty things, cast off by some well-to-do young woman her size. But now her meager supply of clothing was gone, as well as everything else she owned.

A short trip to the discount marts would be a nice diversion. She could do that.

She didn’t realize she’d spoken aloud until Stark replied. “I do not shop at the discount marts. And while you’re with me, neither do you. I’m taking you to Maitresse.”

Kiri froze, a chill of new horror sweeping over her sweat-sticky skin. “No,” she choked. “No, anything but that.”



***



Stark didn’t listen to her protests, even when she called him a quarking bully, her voice cracking with anger.

Instead, his cruiser landed atop a skyscraper crouched over the bay like a gleaming rampart, all cerametal and glass, and he stepped out of the cruiser, her wrist firmly manacled in his grasp.

When she tugged at his grip, he gave her a goading look. “After what you’ve been through, you’re frightened by a clothing store?”

“This is not just a clothing store,” she sputtered. “It’s—it’s like the pinnacle of feminine apparel—the sun of clothing stores. And I’m in my old work clothes.”

He chuckled. Also, he did not let go until the cruiser had taken off and there was nowhere to go but inside.

When the glittering doors slid open at their approach, Stark finally let Kiri free her hand, but she stayed close by his side, her knees trembling all over again as he strode through the doors and into the hushed, rarified atmosphere of the most famous high-fashion house in New Seattle, perhaps in the whole country.

It was peopled by elegant, polite beings clad in the same cream hue of the walls and carpets who smiled respectfully as Stark walked in.

Kiri looked around in awe. A different sort than that which had kept her quiescent at the port police station. She’d been transported into a world she’d scarcely dared to dream of. One that smelled of exotic fragrances and held warmth that belied the damp chill outside.

Of course she’d fantasized about being successful enough to shop at places like this, but she knew her current credit would not extend to even one of the lii silk scarves on a faceless model-bot gesturing gracefully from an alcove. She also knew she looked like someone who could not afford to be here.

Quark Logan Stark. Bringing her here when she was all grubby and sweaty, her face probably tearstained, and in her shabby work smock. She wanted to scuttle off and hide behind one of the modelbots. Only pride kept her head high.

“This is totally out of my stratosphere,” she whispered.

Stark stopped, as if they didn’t have a room full of people waiting for them, and looked down at her. “You’ll accept a gift from me, Kiri.” He looked as if he were willing to stand there all day, if necessary, until she agreed.

“Stark,” she tried again. “This is ridiculous. This is not where people like me shop.” Much as it made her face burn to admit that here.

“Kiri. Do you really think it will be a hardship for me to give you a few pieces of well-made clothing?”

Considering the place he lived and the cruiser he flew around in, no. A cruiser which had left them here and would not be back until he summoned it, and his look said clearly that would not happen until he got his way.

She shook her head, resigned.

He slipped his hand behind the small of her back to tow her forward.

“Haassea,” he smiled warmly at the female in charge, a beautiful Serpentian with auburn hair sleeked back from her face. “This is Kiri Te Nawa. I’d like you to use your expertise to provide her with some new ensembles.”

As Kiri tensed, he smoothed his hand down the curve of her ass, just enough to send a frisson of sensual awareness curling through her. The man was a master at diversion.

“Kiri, this is Haassea, a friend of mine. She’ll take good care of you.”

The Serpentian eyed Kiri with an avaricious gleam. “I certainly will, Logan. She’s quite lovely.”

“She also has excellent hearing.” Kiri’s cheeks were hot—she felt as out of place as a raven in a cage of Pangaean song birds.

Haassea raised her brows at this, but her sloe eyes twinkled. “Of course. I beg your pardon, Kiri. It’s not often we have a client who will be such pleasure to work with. Please come this way, and we’ll find you some things you like.”

Right. Kiri knew when someone was laying on the sales pitch, but the woman was good at it, she’d give her that.

Stark gave Kiri a little push, and she followed the Serpentian toward a doorway. The woman didn’t walk, she undulated with a sinuous grace that Kiri knew she couldn’t emulate if she practiced for a year.

Inside a long room lined with doorways and mirrors, Haassea gestured Kiri regally to a settee. A young Serpentian girl in a white smock poured her a cup of steaming tea. There was a dish of dark squares on the tray as well. They looked very intriguing.

“Bring me gold and blush pink,” Haassea said, waving the two young women who had followed them on their way.

“I don’t wear pink,” Kiri said. “I like … gray.”

Haassea shook her head chidingly. “No, no. That’s his signature color. We want you to stand out, to gleam like a pearl in the oyster. Red, I think, but that’s for later, once we’ve … buffed you a bit.”

Kiri wasn’t sure she wanted to be buffed. “I just need something else to wear, that’s all.”

Giving into temptation, she took one of the thin, dark squares and slipped it into her mouth. Dark, rich flavor exploded on her tongue. She nearly moaned. “Is this …?”

“Chocolate.” The Serpentian offered the dish to Kiri. “Lovely, isn’t it?”

Her mouth full again, Kiri nodded.

Chocolate was available only for those who could pay the astronomical prices. She hadn’t tasted it since she was a girl. The flavor teased at her memory, a slim woman laughing as she handed Kiri a baked treat laced with tiny bits of chocolate. Her mother.

She took another drink of hot tea, easing the constriction in her throat she always got when she thought about the happy times before. Before what, she refused to think about. Not now. Oh, please, please not now. She hadn’t had a flashback at the port police authority, so why now?

Being herded through that police station, hands pushing her this way and that, voices echoing over her head while the explosions and cries echoed through her head, and their blood stained her skin and her clothing … ‘What did you see? What did you hear? Do you know who did this?’ And the memories exploding in her mind, too much to bear, too much to speak of.

Her tea cup trembled in her hand. With a supreme effort, Kiri brought herself back to the elegant shop. She focused on the treats. That chocolate wouldn’t have been as dark as this, nor had the edge of pepper. This was definitely an adult treat. She hesitated and then grabbed another, not caring if she appeared greedy.

She closed her eyes as the chocolate melted in her mouth, the sweet richness coating her tongue, the fumes rising to fill her nostrils, consuming her senses, driving away the fear-sweat and the residue of hopelessness that hung around a police station. Then she took another drink of tea.

When she peered warily at her hostess, the Serpentian was waiting with a slight, serene smile as if she had all the time in the world for a client who slipped off into a private black hole. Kiri eyed her for clues, wondering how long she’d been out this time. She hadn’t zoned out for a long time, not for over a year.

“A hair cut, definitely.” Haassea mused, her soft voice breaking the silence. “Of course you haven’t time for our full spa treatment today, so we’ll just do one or two nice things for you, hmm? Then you can try a few ensembles.”

That sounded safe. Do-able. Nodding, Kiri finished her tea and rose to follow Haassea back into the mysterious depths of her domain.

“I know what Stark likes,” the woman added.

Kiri nearly stumbled. That’s right, she was only one in a long line of women for him. No one special, just an attractive face and body.

Didn’t bother her, not a bit. She was only here because her choices were limited to this or being at her kiosk. Wasn’t because she believed his fancy talk about how he wanted her so much.





 10

Stark watched Kiri walk away and then turned to the slender Barillian who waited, her skull pipes shaded with same delicate rose hues as her eyes, to complement her lavender skin. “One of your private rooms, please.”

“Certainly, sir,” she replied in a fluting voice, characteristic of her race.

He followed the young woman to a comfortable room with a desk, work station and a leather chairs, done in somewhat darker shades of Maitresse’s signature pale hues.

“Coffee or tea, sir?’

“Coffee, black.” Stark sat down at the work station and used his comlink to bring up his private com network.

The Barillian brought him a tray with a carafe, mug and a plate of chocolates.

“Thank you.” He chose one of the thin chocolates, knowing it would be his favorite, dark chocolate filled with strong mint.

It gave him a deep sense of satisfaction to bring his women here, not only to please them, but because he could.

He would never forget coming off shift from his first steady job in a cerametals factory, slaving all night in hellish din and heat and stink of chemicals. He and his fellow laborers had emerged into an unusually clear morning. He’d squinted up into the sunlight. Far above the dirt and strife of the streets and factories, a skyscraper gleamed like a spire in the sky.

He’d sworn then that one day he’d own one of those for himself. He and his brothers would live in it, warm and clean, with more food than they could ever eat. Perched high above all their fear and want like the ravens that perched on rooftops to croak their disdain at the humans toiling below. The ravens were survivors. So was he.

He’d done as he vowed. Creed and Joran might not live in one of his high rises or shop in places like this, but they could if they chose to. And so could his women.

Haassea and her staff had a way of pampering wealthy females of many planets while steering them toward purchases and services that promoted the boutique’s reputation of bringing out a female’s best. The owner didn’t always take care of clients personally anymore.

He couldn’t wait to see how she polished his sleek little cat. She needed petting and pampering. When she was escorted into the private room at the spaceport police headquarters, she’d been a pale, hollow-eyed shell of the vibrant woman he’d met the day before.

Hardly surprising. A lesser woman would have crumbled under such sustained battering. He shook his head, chuckling at the memory of her plan to face down the media and the curious, and demand they pay for access to her. She’d no doubt have done it, too.

Kiri was a fighter and he respected her for it. He had no use for the weak, men or women. Children, he used his power to protect, and those adults who were willing to work. Anyone who sat and whined about how they must be taken care of, he ignored. He’d begun to build his empire when he was only fifteen years old; others could work for at least their own survival.

The door hissed open, and Haassea sauntered in.

“Logan.” She smiled at him. Stark smiled back as he crossed the room to her.

He bent to kiss her cheek, and she returned the greeting, her musky perfume slithering through his senses. She slipped her arm through his, pressing her soft breasts against him.

“Do you have everything you need?”

“Yes, as usual your staff is taking very good care of me.” Stark stepped back, reaching for his coffee. “As they will Kiri, I’m sure.”

“That’s because you take such good care of us,” she teased gently.

That was the simple truth. Not only did he bring all his women here to shop, he had helped Haassea secure the loan to open this place.

“She’s not your usual type, Logan.” Her searching gaze belied her soft voice.

He shrugged. “Perhaps it was time for a change.”

“Hmm. Don’t change too much. We’d miss you.”

He gave her a look. “You, perhaps. Not sure your husband would.”

She gave him back look for look. “Traay knows you and I have a long history. And that I would never give you up.”

“He may have come from wealth, but he’s still a man, Haassea.”

She merely smiled, in serene acceptance that she was worth her husband’s possessiveness.

Stark smiled back. “I’ll see you and Traay at the Port Commissioner’s Ball.”

She smiled.”Really? Good. Last year’s ball was a very … satisfying affair.”

“I remember.” The Ball might have a respectable title, but the elite of New Seattle knew better. Held at the city’s largest casino, it was an evening of unbridled revelry for the influential and wealthy, a celebration of another year survived in a harsh world. Stark had attended with a woman whose name he couldn’t even recall.

“Perhaps we can have dinner together,” Haassea suggested.

Stark nodded. “We will.”

Stark’s comlink chimed, and he raised his brows. “And now, if you’ll excuse me, that will be business.”

“Of course,” Haassea said easily. “I’ll leave you to it.”

She swept out, and Stark opened the hololink. It was from his executive assistant, reminding him of a routine cyber-meeting that afternoon. Stark thanked her and brought up the galactic web.

He could have gone to LodeStar headquarters at the space port, or back to the office in his penthouse, and had Giles deliver Kiri when she was done here, but he preferred to wait. He wasn’t entirely sure she wouldn’t bolt, he admitted wryly to himself as he sipped the strong, hot coffee.

He spent some time going through the reports of the last day. The oasis resort on Serpentia was progressing well. Pirates had been sighted near Creed’s mining operation on Frontiera, but thanks to the new sat-com system, Creed and his security people knew and would keep them at bay. Like Logan, he hired the best and paid them well.

Stark hadn’t checked in for a few days with the captain of the Orion, the flagship of his new space cruise line. After the recent barrage of deadly sabotage attempts on her, everyone in LodeStar Corporation was on their guard.

He used his comlink to signal her.

Captain Steve Craig answered immediately. His head and broad shoulders, silver gray flight suit crowned with the bars and stars of his office, filled the holovid screen, backed by the Orion’s command deck and two crewmen working quietly. Close-cropped hair shone silver-blond in the lights. His eyes, under heavy brows, were piercing light blue. He smiled a greeting. “Logan, good to see you.”

“Hello, Steve, how are you?”

“Very well. A quiet flight so far.” They exchanged a look of hard-won satisfaction. Orion’s first four voyages had been fraught with danger, to the point that Stark and his crew commanders wondered if LodeStar would have to abandon the cruise line.

“We had a bit of a problem at launch,” Craig went on. “Two stowaways, but that was easily dealt with. They’re in IGSF custody now.”

“Really?” Stark frowned. “That’s a new one. With all our surveillance equipment, how did they think they’d remain undiscovered?”

“They’ll try anything, I guess. They were in shipping containers, with an air supply to last until we were underway. The interesting thing is, they’re both ex-soldiers, fighting men, who claim they have no idea how they ended up on the ship.”

“I’ll want to hear the reports after the IGSF has questioned them,” Stark said. “Anything else?”

“No. These settlers are a good lot, focused on getting to their new home.”

“Not a party crowd?”

“Oh, the lounges are doing a brisk business, but we’re selling more ale than anything else, and the dances are more likely to be group jigs than a tango.”

Orion, her crew and three hundred twenty-two passengers, mainly Earth II working-class folk looking for opportunity, were bound for Frontiera. The verdant, Earth-like planet had only recently been discovered by the Alliance planets. Home to a few nomadic tribes as well as small groups of settled beings in her tropical regions, the planet was ripe for conquest. Pangaeans, Serpentians and humans were racing to stake claims on her. So were space pirates.

Stark and a consortium of business partners were making sure they captured their share of available land and business opportunities. They’d just finished installing a system that blanketed the planet in satellite communications, making it light-years more difficult for pirates to isolate and pillage remote outposts as they’d been in the habit of doing.

“You’ll be picking up some additional passengers on Bryght, I see.”

“Yes.” Craig grinned. “Commander Panthar has convinced several of his ex-IGSF mates to emigrate with him.”

“Well, Bryght’s a small planet,” Stark mused. “Only room for so many Tygers.”

“They do need plenty of space to roam, especially when their mating moons are on the rise.”

They both chuckled. On Orion’s maiden flight, she’d been held up by customs on Earth II. By the time she approached planet Bryght, days later than scheduled, her Tyger navigator Tryon Jag had been drawn helplessly into the influence of his mating moons. He’d morphed into a dangerous half-man, half-cat, terrifying most of the crew and demanding a mate.

He’d gotten one and managed to save his ship from being dashed on the dangerous asteroids of the Cattarus system, but Jag’s company, which still held the navigation contract for LodeStar, now maintained backup navigators as a failsafe, on Stark’s demand.

If, as Stark suspected, Kiri te Nawa had Tyger blood, his wild ride with her was only beginning.

“How’s Tessa?” Stark asked. “Is she with you on this flight?”

Craig’s face softened at the mention of his lovely half-Serpentian bride, a member of the ship’s guard. “She’s well, thank you. We’re going to spend a few days on Frontiera, take a look around while we’re there.”

“Ah. If you make it out to New Haven, look up Stone Masterson and his wife. Business partner of mine—he’d be glad to host you and Tessa.”

“Thank you. We may do that. Don’t you have a brother near there as well?” Craig asked.

“Creed has a mining claim in a valley a few clicks from Adamant. Something of a loner. I’m his silent partner.”

Craig nodded in comprehension. Frontiera was a good place for beings who preferred solitude.

“I’ve another brother on planet, as well,” Stark added. “Joran lives with one of the nomadic tribes.” He led one, actually, but that information was not to be shared. Nor was their unique method of making a living.

Something, a change in the atmosphere of the small room, a certain look of surprise and dawning admiration in Craig’s expression made Stark turn his head.

Kiri stood a short distance behind him. She had her head tipped down, regarding him through her dark lashes, her full lips pursed in a bashful smile.

Her rounded hips and slender, curving legs were showcased in a pair of fitted tights of dull gold, her upper body in a tank of the same shade that appeared to be spun loosely of blossoms and spider webs, her skin shimmering through the weave. The only thing that prevented the ensemble from being unfit for other eyes than his was the tiny soft sweater hugging her shoulders, arms and breasts, falling short of her slender waist. It was the pale hue of blush rose petals. She wore a matching pair of flats.

“Later, sir,” said Craig behind him.

“Yes,” said Stark without looking away from her. “Thank you, Captain.”

Rising, Stark crossed the room to Kiri. He crooked one finger underneath her chin and tipped up her head to admire her. They’d cut her hair. Instead of waving wildly, it cupped her well-shaped head and framed her face in dark, silky tendrils, exposing the lower part of her shell-like ears. He’d buy her earrings, he thought absently, to go with that jeweled collar he planned.

He gazed down into her face. The same, but enhanced with subtle cosmetics, her eyes glowing in their dark lashes and smoky shadows. Her moist, plump lips bore a coating of rosy gloss that made them somehow more intimate, like another, private part of her.

She looked refreshed. The pampering had done her good.

Her winged brows rose. “Well? You’re staring at me as if I’ve grown a third eye or something.”

Stark chuckled, amusement and arousal blending in a heady mix. “Like an Occulan? No. You are … luminescent.” He set his hands on her hips, enjoying the feel of her through the thin, soft fabric.

“Like a pearl?”

It was his turn to arch an inquiring brow.

She chuckled, a husky, sound that cracked in the middle. “Haassea said I must ‘glow like a pearl in the oyster of your signature gray’. I certainly hope you think I do, because she insisted that I couldn’t walk out of here without at least two ensembles and a wrap. There are bags of things.” She widened her eyes at him, miming consternation. “She just kept adding things.”

Stark pulled her closer, inhaling her scent. Just a hint of some sweet, sensual fragrance that made him want to bury his nose in the curve of her throat and chase it to the source. Haassea had chosen well.

“I told her to go on adding things. I particularly want to see what you chose to wear to bed.”

She gave him a look that indicated she was worried about his sanity. “Logan, you have an entire closet full of women’s nightwear at your place.”

Ah, yes, she’d mentioned there were a few things in the room he kept for female guests. “Saving my credit for me?” He lifted one of her hands to kiss the inside of her wrist.

She watched, her lips parting. Not used to the more refined caresses, evidently. Good, he’d know how to keep her off-balance. He preferred her that way.

“Hmm?” she murmured, finally. “Well, yes, of course. Wouldn’t want you to waste credit.” She gave him a guileless look, and he had to bite back a chuckle.

“You don’t have to worry about the cost of things, little cat. While I appreciate your care for my credit, it isn’t necessary.”

“Of course it’s necessary,” she began.

The door of the room opened, and he looked up with a scowl, ready to speak sharply to whoever had interrupted them.

But it was Haassea’s prime assistant, Slidi, a slim redheaded Serpentian with full breasts and a smile that was surprisingly sweet for a Serpentian.

“Oh, Mr. Stark,” she said, stopping in the doorway. “I’m so sorry to interrupt.”

Since her eyes were wide with contrition, he nodded politely. “That’s all right. We were just going.”

“Of course. Haassea is with another client. I—I have a gift for you, sir.” The young woman held out a small package, wrapped in shimmering ribbon. She handed it to Stark with a smile. “Your favorite chocolate.”

He bowed. “Thank you.”

She dimpled. “My pleasure. I’ve scheduled Ms. te Nawa for a full spa day tomorrow, if that’s convenient.”

“It will be,” he assured her.





 11

Kiri glared at the Serpentian’s back. She had not liked the way the woman looked at Stark, as if she wanted to slither all over him and devour him.

But, she was the one leaving with him. She walked with Logan out to the docking bay, followed by two young men laden with bags. She settled back in the chair beside him with a groan, her eyes closing.

“I feel as if I’ll wake up any moment now, back in my coffee stand, or my apartment.”

“About your coffee stand,” he said. “I’d like to call in an employment agency, find you some help.”

She opened her eyes, instantly wary. “What? I run that stand—it’s mine. And I don’t have time for any spa day tomorrow. Thanks for the haircut and clothes, but that’s more than enough. I could do a lot of other things with the amount of credit you just spent on me.”

So she did want credit. He’d want details on that, later. “Kiri’s Kaffe is going to be overrun with gawkers and gossip runners the next several days. Let me find you someone else to handle that for you. Then when curiosity has worn off, you can return.”

“I run my business,” she insisted.

Ignoring Opal, who sat quietly on the other side of the cabin, Stark flipped up the armrests between them, took Kiri’s hand and tugged her across the smooth leather. He wanted her close where he could hold her hand in his and admire the silky texture of her skin and hair, even catch more of her intriguing scent.

“You’ll need an assistant eventually anyway.”

“Why?”

He smiled at the suspicious look in her golden eyes. Was she imagining him stealing her tiny business, or simply demanding her sexual favors day and night? Not a bad idea, actually. For example, right now he’d very much enjoy having her remove that little top so he could admire her pearly skin through the loose weave of her camisole. Then he’d pull her onto his lap and peel those leggings off. His cock hardened at the notion of having her here.

But his little cat wasn’t ready. She shifted uneasily, her rounded thighs pressing together. “I’m not abandoning all I’ve worked for to be your plaything. I can do both.”

He looked up into her eyes. He saw suspicion, but he also saw arousal there and in the pout of those soft, slick lips. “Of course you won’t abandon your business, which is why you need help. I travel a great deal, and I can’t work around your schedule. While you’re with me, you’ll have to work around mine.”

Then he slipped his arm around her, pulling her close so he could tip up her chin with his other hand. He bent his head to nuzzle her temple, inhaling her fragrance, enjoying the silky hair and skin brushing his nose and face.

“I can’t think when you do that,” she muttered, leaning against him. Possessiveness surged as she turned into his touch, not away. One day soon, he would have her here, in this seat.

“Good. Don’t think.” With a swift, decisive movement, he pulled her up across his thighs. Then he tipped his head to one side and kissed her. Her moist lips parted under his, and he delved into the peppery sweetness of her mouth. He flicked his tongue inside. To his supreme delight, her hand tightened on his arm, and she sucked on the tip of his tongue.

When he lifted his head, they were both breathing hard, and Opal had discreetly disappeared.

Kiri stroked her hand over his chest and under the edge of his open jacket, her eyes heavy. “You do that ... well,” she said. It sounded more like a complaint than a compliment.

He smiled, enjoying the feel of her in his arms and the knowledge that she would be there frequently from now on. “Do I? Perhaps you inspire me.”

“Perhaps you’ve had too much practice,” she shot back. When he stilled, she flushed, her gaze skittering away.

“I meant at getting your own way,” she said quickly, pushing herself away. “What you’ve done in the past—with other women—is certainly none of my affair.”

“No.” He let her go, knowing it wasn’t wise to hold her when he was angry. “Nor is what you’ve done any of mine. But while you’re with me, there will be no other men, or women, unless I say so. Are we clear on that?”

She plopped into the seat across from him, disgruntled as a cat that had been stroked the wrong way. “Are you sure about this?” she opened her hands, gesturing vaguely. “This whatever it is you envision between us?”

“A liaison,” he put in smoothly.

“Oh, very high-class term for fucking,” she shot back and then blushed, her gaze falling away from his as he raised his brows at her. “And that’s just what I mean. You’re used to ... expensive females who know how to dress and—and undress. I’m just a barista. I don’t want to expect more if you’re going to get tired of me in three days.”

“House calls your bluff.”

She stared at him. “What?”

He raised an eyebrow at her. “I can see your markers, Ms. te Nawa, and they don’t match your bet. You’re trying to color yourself as a poor slummer, when in fact you were raised as a lady.”

She drew her knees up on the seat and wrapped her arms around them, eyeing him suspiciously over her knees. “How do you know that?”

He smiled. She didn’t trouble to deny it, at least. “I’ve had several meals and sex with you. That was more than enough. When you’re not losing your temper like a Tyger kitten, you’ve lovely manners.”

She scowled. If she had a tail, it would be lashing. Interesting, that she wished to hide her gentle upbringing. Was she a runaway, either from autocratic parents or an abusive partner?

“Listen, where I live it doesn’t pay to put on a show. I may not be a slummer, but neither am I a courtesan.”

She’d find he was a bit harder than that to throw off track. He smiled at her. “Kitten, if I want a courtesan, I know where to find one. Everything I wish you to know about my sexual preferences, I will very much enjoy teaching you.”

Her golden eyes widened. He had no doubt that if they were anywhere but in midair, she’d bolt. And that he’d run her down. He was as aroused and edgy as a wild male beast himself. Oh, no, she wasn’t getting away.

“I’ve a business to run, remember.”

“So train an employee.” Great God beyond. He was ready to flashbomb her coffee stand himself, just to get her mind off of it.

Perhaps he’d punish her just a bit for making him wait. The thought of her luscious ass reddened from his hard palm amused him, allowed him to watch her frown with renewed equanimity. Later, when she’d lost that fragile look, as if one harsh word or loud noise would have her clawing at the hull to escape.

“I don’t know if I want someone else running my stand. And how am I going to pay them? I barely have enough credit to buy next week’s coffee. And yes, I know it’s my own fault. Sometimes I take foolish chances.” The look she gave him from under her lashes left no doubt that she considered him one of them.

Logan laid one arm across the back of her empty chair. He sighed. “I’ll compromise. You may have a week to train someone. And because I’ve insisted you hire someone, I’ll pay their wages.” And later he’d move her shop to a safer, more lucrative location.

Her eyes widened. She smoothed her hands over her knees. “Okay.”

Because disbelief colored the word, he soothed her. “I want to know you better, Kiri. I understand you feel rushed, but the chaotic nature of our relations so far stems from your life, not mine.”

“Hey—the riots aren’t my fault.”

“Of course not. But you were living in that area by choice. And you gambled by choice. There are consequences for all our actions.”

“So you’ve never gambled?” she retorted.

“Of course I have. Business is one big gamble. The difference between you and me is simply that I’ve won many more times than I’ve lost. And I don’t waste my credit on games—I save it for real opportunities.” He softened his voice. “I’m not judging you, kitten. I told you, I’ve been where you are. I’m simply stating facts.”

“I’ll need at least two weeks,” she said, watching him. “And a loan. As long as I’m going to have your help, I want to buy better coffee and other supplies for my stand. You can have one of your accountants do a contract.”

“Done.” He regarded her with satisfaction. “I’ll be leaving tomorrow, traveling to New Asia. Whether I’m here or gone, I want you at my penthouse. One of my men will take you to work and anywhere else you need to go.”

“Starry,” she murmured, her eyes dazed. “Who, this guy?”

Stark shook his head. “Giles and Opal travel with me. I keep the floor of apartments just below the penthouse for my staff. Natan, my chef and housekeeper lives there, and I’ll have the pilot bunk there as well. I’ll assign Rak to you. He’s old enough not to be beguiled into any mischief even by a lovely wild cat.”

She slid down in her chair, shoving at his knee with her slippered toe. He caught her foot easily in his hand and held her there, chuckling at her childish gesture. She stared at him, a smile dawning on her face.

“What?”

“I’ve never heard you laugh,” she said. “I like it.”

Stark leaned forward and caught her by the waist, pulling her forward and onto his lap, so she straddled him. “You’ll like what I’m going to do with you when I get you back to my bed, too,” he said into her ear.

She shivered. “Maybe.”

But this time she kissed him, tasting his lips with hers, teasing him with their plush sweetness. Her slender arms slid around his neck, and her soft breasts pressed against his chest. He filled his hands with her firm, round ass and kissed her.

With her soft heat so close, his cock reacted swiftly and predictably, stiffening demandingly. He rocked into the soft notch between her thighs. “The moment I get you inside,” he said against her mouth, “I want you to walk into my bedroom, and wait for me there. Understood?”

She moved her face against his, inhaling. Taking in his scent. Good, he wanted to imprint himself on her, so she’d know him in the dark, or blindfolded and bound, know him from any other man who touched her.

“Is this the beginning of you ... teaching me?” she whispered, her breath tickling his face.

His cock stiffened even further, and arousal roared up through him. Quark, it was going to be so intensely sweet to mold her. “Yes, kitten. It’s the beginning.”

“Don’t know where your room is.” She rubbed subtly against his cock, stroking him even hotter. She was shivering, despite her attempt to be as calm as he.

“Next to the room where you stayed last night. From now on, when I’m there, you’ll be in my bed.”

“Yes, sir.”

He spanked her bottom, a sharp little smack that made her jump against him. It also, strangely, sent an odd little thrill through her.

“‘Yes, Logan’ will do very well. And now we’ve landed.”

She slipped to her feet, looking self-consciously toward the open hatch. But Opal, ever discreet, had disappeared once she ascertained the craft was docked safely.

“Go on.” Stark gave Kiri a gentle push. “I’ll be a few secs. I want to talk to Giles.”

He wanted—needed—to get his arousal under control before he pinned her against the bulkhead and fucked her right here.

He didn’t mind an audience, but not his employees.





 12

Aroused, uncertain and shaken, Kiri walked through the podway and into Stark’s plush penthouse. Quiet settled around her, the hush of seclusion that only wealth could buy. The place even smelled of money—so clean, with some faint echo of flowers or something. She hadn’t spent much time around live plants, but she thought she remembered how they smelled.

She much preferred it to the heavy perfume of Maitresse. Not to mention those women tripping themselves to be the one to assist Stark. She didn’t like the way Haassea looked at him, or that other one—Slidi. “‘Oh, sorry to disturb you, Mr. Stark,’” she mimicked under her breath. More like ‘Oh, take me instead of her, Mr. Stark’.

But she was the one who was here, so she’d deal with her nerves. She wanted more of what he’d given her in the night before. She wanted him to hold her in his arms, and help her forget her forced visit to the port police headquarters and everything else, just for a little while.

She half-expected someone to step out and demand to know who she was and what she was doing there. But although she could hear activity from the closed doors beyond the sleek expanse of an ebony dining table, no one accosted her as she walked across the sitting room and turned into the short, wide hallway.

Stark’s bedroom was larger than the one she’d stayed in the night before, but even this large room was dominated by the expanse of a huge bed covered in dark, silky pewter and mounded with luxe cushions. The walls were gray as well, the fitments silvery cerametal. And it smelled clean, too, but faintly of him. Of that lotion he used.

Walking over to the bed, Kiri traced her fingertips along the plush coverlet. It was soft against her skin. Velvet. Probably spun from lii silk bugs on Pangaea, or some such. A customer had laid her jacket across Kiri’s counter once, and Kiri had picked it up to hand it back. It had felt like this.

At a sound behind her, she turned. Logan stepped into the room, and the wide doors slid shut behind him, enclosing them in this room that was meant for sleep and sex.

He regarded her, his eyes hooded in the look that now sent a shiver of heat straight down into her pussy and made her legs feel weak, as if she wanted to fall at his feet. Which she did not do, even when she was reeling the way she was today.

“You are indeed a pearl in my oyster,” he said, his voice deep and soft. “I am fortunate to be the man who found you, Kiri te Nawa.”

He tossed something on the bed beside her, and she looked down. A twisted length of soft cord lay there. Her heart skipped a beat, and she side-stepped away from the thing. “What’s that?”

“Soft restraints.”

Alarm sent her heart leaping higher against her ribs. He was unfastening his jacket with slow deliberation, watching her.

She shook her head, lifting one foot onto the bed and sliding back onto it, her fingertips bracing her on the bed. “I told you, nothing t-twisty.”

He shrugged off his jacket, tossing it onto a leather bench, and began to unfasten his shirt.

She indicated the restraints. “That’s twisty.”

He pulled his shirt off, and she stared, caught by the sight of his powerful shoulders and arms, his broad chest and hard abdomen, ridged with muscle. “Don’t you trust me?” he asked, casually as if he were asking her what she’d like to drink.

She looked up into his eyes, heated now like molten silver. He was the most irritating, stubborn, single-minded man she’d ever met. “Well, pretty much, or I wouldn’t be here, would I?”

He shoved his pants down over his lean, hard hips, baring the flatness of his groin and the two deep grooves that arrowed down toward his cock, as it sprang up out of his slacks with arrogant beauty, rampant. He stepped out of his pants and stalked toward her, naked and ready.

“Perhaps you like an edge of danger with your sex. Some women do.”

She shook her head in a silent denial. He smiled slightly, just with his eyes.

“What?” she snapped.

He lifted her chin on the edge of his finger and looked down into her face. His was taut, his nostrils flared as if he were scenting her, breathing her in, his chosen female.

“I don’t believe you,” he said softly. “You pit yourself against dangers of every kind—with your business, your gamble, even where you choose to live.”

“That’s different,” she whispered. Her body responded helplessly to him with a trembling deep inside her. She wanted to sway against him, rub herself on his heat and splendor. Beg him without words to take her, assuage the throbbing in her pussy.

“Is it? Say my name,” he commanded softly.

“Logan.”

His hand framed her face, caressing her cheek and the side of her jaw. She turned her face into his hand, craving his touch. “Do you want me, Kiri?”

She nodded. His hand tightened, just a little. “Say it.”

“Yes, Logan. I want you.” She did, damn him. She craved him. She wanted him to lay her back on the bed now and slide deep inside her. She just didn’t want to be tied up while he did it.

“Good. Then let me undress you, little cat, so I can please you.” He slid his hands down over her shoulders, taking the sweater with them. Kiri let it drop behind her and then lifted her arms above her head, so he could pull the tank up.

The thin fabric slid up and away, baring her to him. When it reached her wrists, he tugged gently, twisting the fabric so her hands were trapped. She knelt there with her arms bound over her head, half nude, her breasts jutting out at him, and peeped up at him. The look in his eyes, the feel of him holding her there to look at made her quiver with a deep, guilty pleasure.

Maybe … maybe it would be kind of hot to be tied up, for this. But she bit her lip, holding back any incautious words. Was she as twisty as those restraints to enjoy this? She knew there were clubs where people did this as well as acts a whole lot twistier, but she’d never been interested.

He smiled slowly and cupped his free hand over her breast, fondling it with slow care, and then squeezing her nipple between his thumb and forefinger. She wished he could do that all night.

“You’re beautiful like this,” he told her. “Many would kill to have you.” His warm, powerful hand moved to her other breast, cupping it. “And when I look at you like this, I’d kill to keep you for myself.”

She let her head fall against her arm, intoxicated by his voice and his words. She was ready to dissolve in a heap on the bed, open for anything he wanted to do to her.

“Now do you understand, kitten?” He curved his hand around her throat, tipping her face up to his as he bent to kiss her. She kissed him back, opening her mouth to him, and drinking in his taste, his touch. Her pussy was throbbing in time with her thundering heart, so that she pressed her thighs together, seeking relief.

“I—I don’t know.” That kind of intensity wasn’t for her … was it? She wanted pleasure, sure, but she wanted to be pampered and held, the way he had last night.

He studied her, and she resisted the urge to pull away, run from him. But she quivered in his grasp. Something in his heated silver gaze called to her to leap and let him catch her. But would he? Or would she end up hanging by her fingertips while he took his pleasure at her expense?

“You’re not ready for that.” He drew the tank away, freeing her, and she lowered her arms, watching him. “Not yet.”

Not yet? Did that mean he meant to keep pushing? Was that part of what he planned to teach her? “What would you want to do, anyway?” she asked. “If I let you, um, tie me up?” And why did her pussy clench harder just thinking about it?

“It’s all right,” he murmured, his hands on her waist, warm and powerful. “Stay in the moment, kitten. I don’t want you helpless; I want you to submit to me. There’s a difference. For now, take your tights off for me.”

She slid off the bed, hooked her fingers in the soft waist band, pushing the tights down and off her hips and thighs. She drew one leg up and then the other, stepping out of the tights as he watched. Baring herself to him.

“Come to the edge of the bed,” he urged, sinking to his knees between her feet. “That’s right. Now open your legs for me. Yes, very pretty.”

She sat there, her legs spread wide, feet braced on her tiptoes, pleasure and need gathering beneath his gaze as he looked at her mons. His gaze was hot, like a heat lamp directed on her bare flesh. She wanted him to go on looking at her until she melted just from that.

He stroked her thighs, his thumbs tracing the curls between her thighs. “You’re very wet.”

He looked up into her eyes and stroked a fingertip up through her swollen, wet labia. He dipped it carefully inside and then back out again. Her pussy released his finger with a succulent sound, and he smiled. “Now you’ll come for me, won’t you, kitten?”

“Yes.” She was going to come all by herself in a sec. When he stroked his broad fingertip over her clitoris, she whimpered, a small feminine sound of need.

“Look at me,” he ordered when her eyes slipped shut. She dragged them open and gazed into his beautiful eyes as he stroked her clitoris, his touch wet and silken and perfect, until she was following his touch, jerking her hips into his touch. She came, her pussy rippling with intense pleasure.

“Logan.” She was drowning in that molten gaze.

He bent and kissed her, hard, his tongue sweeping into her mouth to claim her. She kissed him back, sinking into the taste and wet heat of his mouth, loving the warmth of his hands on her, holding her safe as she came down from her swift release. She leaned into him, her hands curling on the hard warmth of his bare shoulders, luxuriating in the chance to hold him. She was sliding them around his neck when he moved away. She protested wordlessly, forcing her heavy eyes open.

Stark stood before her, and Kiri looked up at him, at his face taut with desire, his cock standing up before her, rigid and flushed. He flexed his hips, moving it toward her. Then he pressed gently on her shoulders.

“Will you let me take your mouth?” he asked.

She let her gaze slide down over the power and beauty of his broad chest, with the curling mat of hair that arrowed down across his hard abdomen to flare again into a mat of dark curls around the base of his cock, and the heavy balls that were drawn tight beneath. She reached out to touch it gently, examining him with her fingertips and her gaze. Long and thick, dark with blood, a single drop of arousal glistening on the broad head. Hot and silky under her touch, it twitched demandingly as she curled her fingers around it, and stroked up.

Sucking in a hard breath, he pushed himself into her grasp, and his hands tightened on her shoulders. “Your mouth, little cat.”

Without a word, she slipped to her knees before him, her hands resting delicately on his hard thighs, dusted with fine hair. She’d done this a few times and kind of enjoyed it as a warm-up, as long as he didn’t try to shove it down her throat or expect to come in her mouth.

He touched her face tenderly. “You’re beautiful right now,” he said.

She looked up at him from under her lashes. She might be on her knees before him, but she held the power now, in this instant. “So are you.”

His cock jerked, straining toward her. He groaned. “Now, please.” Shifting closer, he touched her face, guiding her so that the velvet head of his cock nudged her lips. She smoothed her hands down his thighs, cupping the back of his legs, hard and powerful under his warm skin.

He smelled so good. She could drown in his scent, musky and clean with that faint edge of some wild forest. He tasted faintly of salt—the glistening drop of arousal that she licked from the tender slit. He pressed further, and she opened her mouth, taking him further in. He filled her mouth, a hot, firm, velvet rod of flesh, male incarnate.

“Again,” he urged, his voice rough. “Ah, you have no idea how lovely you look. Another time I’ll—but that will wait.”

Another time, what? She hesitated, jolted out of her haze of pleasure

He withdrew a little and then thrust back into her mouth. “Look at me,” he urged. He looked down into her eyes as he thrust again and again, fucking her mouth. She curled her tongue, caressing him with it each time he withdrew.

“It’s good, isn’t it, little cat?”

She nodded as best she could with her mouth full, surprised to find she meant it. She liked doing this for him.

He withdrew with clear regret. “That was very good,” he told her, lifting her up with his hands on her waist. “But now, I need to be inside your tight little cunt.”

He kissed her deeply, cupping her mons with one hand and swallowing her hoarse whimper of eagerness at the thought of having him inside her again. “Are you ready for me?”

“Yes, Logan.”

He thrust two fingers up inside her, his breath hissing in sharply as she contracted around his fingers. “Yes, I do believe you are. I’d like to take you from behind.”

“Okay.” She liked that—it meant she could touch herself and get off faster.

“Such eagerness.”

He guided her to climb onto the bed and lie on her stomach. He tucked one of the fat cushions under her hips, so that her ass was tilted into the air, her arms braced before her.

This was a little weird. She felt at once admired and exposed. The bed shifted as he moved off of the bed and then came back again. He trailed his fingertips through her wetness, pushing her legs wider apart. Something warm dripped down the crevice of her ass, trickling over her labia.

“Is that what you used last night?” she asked, twisting to look at him over her shoulder.

He knelt between her thighs, looking down at her. “Mm, yes it is,” he said. “Now, I’m going to use it on your pretty little ass, kitten. Hold still for me, that’s right.”

Kiri flinched as she felt his slick finger massaging the gesic into the tight ring of muscle. “I don’t really like being touched there.”

“Are you sure about that?” He leaned over her, bending his head to kiss a soft line up her back while he continued to stroke her.

Well, of course she was sure, or she wouldn’t have said so. But then the warm tingling seemed to dart inside her, and she gasped. He made a sound of approval.

“I believe you’re ready for a very, very small toy.”

“A what?” Kiri stiffened. “You’re not shoving some mechanical in me.”

He smacked her bottom with the flat of his hand. The sting distracted her—almost—from the soft heat of something pushing inside her ass. “Of course not. This is just a soft plug.”

Too small and soft to be his finger, slicked with the gesic, and already tingling and heating her untried flesh. It was a soft cylinder of some kind. Strange, as if he were invading her everywhere. She writhed, wanting to get away from it and yet wanting to push back against it at the same time. She gripped the soft coverlet, moving restlessly.

“Shh, just stay still for a moment, kitten. I’m putting one in myself as well. It will increase the sensation when we fuck.”

He was using one on himself? Kiri had to admit that the sensation of the soft plug coated with the gesic inside her ass was very … stimulating. It was like him, maddening and beguiling at the same time.

Logan bent, spooning his body over hers, one hand sliding under her belly to cup her mons, surrounding her with heat and strength. He nipped at her ear and then rimmed it with his tongue, teasing her there as he stroked her labia with his fingers.

She arched up against him, then retreated, struggling to deal with the onslaught of sensations as the move pressed the plug more firmly into her ass.

He rimmed her pussy with his fingers, spreading the gesic inside her and out, until she was throbbing with excitement. He stroked her clitoris, and she whimpered, the soft, high sound cutting through the quiet room.

“Do you need to be fucked, Kiri?” His voice was deep velvet in her ear, beguiling her.

“Yes.” She needed him to finish what he’d begun, help her surrender to the dark, sweet flames he’d kindled in her. She pressed up into his touch, her fingers twisting in the coverlet.

“How do you want it, kitten? Hard?”

“Yes, hard.”

He reared up behind her, and Kiri moaned as she felt his shaft, hot and blunt and impossibly big, press into her swollen pussy. The pressure increased the sensation of the soft plug in her ass, until she could scarcely bear the overload of sensation.

He grasped her hips with his hands and began to thrust. Stretching her to the limits, his cock raked the walls of her pussy and landed against the perfect spot deep inside her. Hot, she was so hot. And she needed … ah, yes, this. His cock pounding inside her, his hands holding her for his swift lunges, his groin smacking her ass with each hard thrust.

His, she was his, her most private places full of him and his desire. All she had to do was accept what he gave her, and she was safe. Safe to unfurl her claws and be wild.

The dark pleasure built and built until it imploded inside her pussy and surged outward, through her ass, through her body. She came, crying out his name, and came again as he stiffened over her, flooding her with his own cum. He made a deep sound in his chest, the low growl of a big predator, sated.

He relaxed slowly, bending to press a kiss to the small of her back as he pulled slowly out of her. Kiri lay there, exhausted as he took the pillow away and sat back. He turned her over onto her back, touching her face. “All right, little cat?”

She dragged her eyes open. His face was relaxed, his cheekbones flushed, his hair damp with perspiration, as was his long, powerful torso. His cock hung replete and glistening on his thigh.

“Next time I want to hold you,” she complained, looking at his broad chest.

“If you ask very nicely. Now, do you want to sleep, or eat?”

She was exhausted, but more than that she was hungry. “Eat. But first I want to wash.” And get his toy out of her ass.

“The toy will dissolve after a little time,” he told her. He cupped one of her breasts in his palm, his touch warm and sure. “I’d like you to wear yours to lunch.”

Was he joking?

“Kiri.” He waited, petting her.

She rolled her eyes. “Fine. If you will.”

He smiled slowly. “Very well. But then you’ll owe me a favor.”

“What?”

He stroked his other hand up her thigh and traced her swollen labia, wet with his seed. “There are other toys designed to wear here, in your cunt. They stimulate and arouse as you go about your day.”

“No way. That’s really twisty.” Her face burning, Kiri rolled away from his beguiling touch and sat up.

He laughed, that deep sound in his chest that she loved. He pulled her back against his chest and pressed his mouth to her ear. “Want to wager that you will wear it for me? That and other toys?”

When he held her like this, surrounded by his heat and strength, she was afraid he could talk her into every wicked thing he imagined. She didn’t seem to have much willpower where he was concerned.

“You don’t own me,” she muttered.

He nipped at her earlobe. “That could change if you like.”

If she’d like him to own her? What the quark kind of a thing was that to say?

His grip changed, a new tension humming between them. “Kiri,” he said, a new note in his voice. “There’s only one facet of you I want to possess—that is your sexuality. And one thing you must remember, as we go forward. This, between us—sex play is all it will ever be.”

She froze. How was she supposed to answer that? Was he already regretting his decision to bring her here?

He stroked his fingertips over her cheek. “It needs to be said. I don’t want you to waste your time wishing for more.”

Turning her face into the soft coverlet, she let a soft sound escape her throat.

“Oh, Logan,” she choked. “I—I think it’s too late. After all this, how can you expect me not to love you, at least a little? I’ve been so lonely, so lost. And you’re so … so masterful. You swept into my life and took care of me.”

She shook her head, pressing her forehead into the bed. “I can’t help it. I do want to be yours … in every way.”

It was his turn to freeze, his big body going hard over her. “Kitten...”

She lost control then, her body shaking with the force of her emotion.

He grabbed her arm in a bruising grip and flipped her over. “Are you laughing?”

He looked taken aback. She let her laughter spill out in the quiet room, patting his chest in consolation. It was starry to be one up on him for once.

“Honestly, Logan Stark. Are you for real? I’ve got enough trouble without you bossing me around even more. And as far as falling in love just because you’re good at sex—not gonna happen.”

He shook his head wryly. “One thing is certain. You won’t bore me.”

She shrugged. “Same.”

“My only wish is to entertain and amuse you.” He swatted her lightly on the hip. “Now up. I’m hungry.”

He slid off the bed and walked away toward his lav. Kiri did the same, in the other direction. He was right, it would be a waste of her time to long for more than sex, no matter how good it felt to be held in his arms.

She already one impossible star to reach for, she didn’t need another.





 13

Kiri showered in the private, feminine bath between Stark’s bedroom and the mistress room. She was exhausted, her arms and legs trembling, and she leaned against the wall of the enclosure instead of standing erect. She managed to wash off and then sank down onto the bench outside, her face buried in the soft towel.

Great God beyond, what chaos her life had become. Like the explosion of a star, leaving the once bright glow scattered across space in chunks of rock. Okay, so her future hadn’t been all that starry, but at least she’d had a place of her own. Now, she wasn’t sure what the seven hells she had. Maybe a safe haven, maybe just a soft landing before she was catapulted out into the cold, dirty streets again.

Her stomach growled, reminding her that part of her ailment was that she needed nourishment. Evidently being arrested took lots of nutrition.

So did sex with Logan Stark. She shook her head, smiling with embarrassment at how he beguiled her into doing exactly what he wanted. Drying herself off, she tugged her new panties up. So soft and delicate.

She made a face as they snugged into place. She could still feel the remnants of the plug in her ass, as well as the gesic. And her pussy was tender from his cock pounding inside her. She felt like a sexual creature. This confused her, which made her want to snarl with irritation.

She was used to knowing exactly who she was, even after a night with an attractive guy. Kiri te Nawa, owner of her own business, looking out for herself and working hard for what she wanted. This man made her want to forget the world outside his penthouse, outside his bedroom. And as he had just reminded her, that was the wrong thing to do.

Her new cosmetics had been placed on the counter before the lighted mirrors. She opened the pots and tubes and carefully used the eye shadow and lip gloss as she’d been shown. Then, finger combing her damp hair into tousled waves, she gazed at her finished reflection in the mirror.

Tired, with shadows in her eyes, but she still looked pretty good. Of course sex with him had put that flush in her cheeks, not the makeup and new clothes. She frowned at her glowing reflection. She’d was a tough, independent woman, had been since she was a teen. She needed to remember that and not let him take over her life—because he might not want her clinging to him, but she didn’t doubt that he’d boss her around just as much as she let him.

Her gaze skittered away, her cheeks hot as she recalled just how good it was to allow him to take over in the bedroom. She pressed her hands to her hot cheeks, blowing out a hard breath, remembering kneeling before him, pleasuring him with her mouth. Lying spread on the pillows for him, able only to take what he did to her.

She caught her breath as her pussy contracted in remembered pleasure, the remnants of the gesic in her ass sending a tingle of sensation through her. She’d never even imagined letting a man hold her still, or use toys on her, never considered it an attractive part of sex play, and here she was, going off to eat a meal with her body still preoccupied with the remnants of passion.

She didn’t understand the pull he exerted on her. Too much to try and cipher out now. How could she explain to him that he wasn’t to fall for her, either, as she had no intention of falling in love with any man? If she said it now, it would sound as though she was only trying to give him tit for tat.

She wrinkled her nose. She’d just have to prove it to him.



***



They ate by the windows again, hot creamed vegetable soup with fragrant rolls and the soft white cheese to which Kiri was rapidly becoming addicted. Stark poured her a glass of the white wine she’d enjoyed at Jasmine, although he drank only water himself. He refilled her glass as soon as it was empty, too.

“I’ve business to finish up for the next few hours,” he told her. “Why don’t you relax with a holovid or a reader?”

The prospect of curling up with a good story was beguiling, but Kiri shook her head at Stark’s autocratic tone. “Have you another work station I could use?” She should be doing something, although what?

She leaned her head on her hand and then covered her mouth as she yawned unexpectedly.

“No.” He ignored her frown. “What I have is a state of the art holovid viewing area. You’ll relax for a few hours. You can go back to fighting the galaxy tomorrow.”

And with that he picked up her glass of wine and ushered her into a small, plush room with a large leather sofa. He seated her, dropped a cloud-soft half-paca throw over her legs, showed her how to use the controller and left the room. The door shut behind him.

Kiri sat for a moment, stunned. She picked up her glass of wine from the elegant little hover-tray and toasted the huge holovid screen waiting her commands.

“Okay, guess I’m going to relax.” Weird. Sex and a meal was all she ever had with a guy, but she was staying with this one. She slid down in the comfortable depths of the reclining sofa, curling up under the throw. A distraction was definitely what she needed right now.

She found a travel show about Pangaea and settled back to watch. The tour guide, a slender Pangaean with green hair that fluttered around her head and throat, smiled. “Welcome to Pangaea, the garden planet.”

Soon Kiri was along for a tour of gardens full of beautiful plants and flowers. They proceeded to a farm which grew all manner of vegetables and then to a coffee plantation on a verdant, tropical mountainside. She’d like to walk through the rows of glossy leaved shrubs, feel the leaves and berries for herself, smell the air.

She woke with a start when someone said her name. “Ms. te Nawa?”

“Huh? What?” Kiri sat bolt upright. She’d fallen asleep in her nest. The holovid screen was off, and a few large hoverlamps had been lighted. In their soft glow, a slender man in a white smock and black pants stood beside the sofa. He bowed with a polite smile, his pale green hair gleaming. “Would you care for dinner, Ms. te Nawa?”

“Um,” she responded, rubbing a hand over her face. “Who are you?”

“I am Natan, Mr. Stark’s chef and housekeeper,” the man said proudly. “I will serve you dinner.”

She shook her head. “No, thanks. I’m not really hungry.”

Natan’s round eyes widened in horror. “But, Ms. te Nawa, you must eat. I have prepared a pie with real pheasant and baby vegetables. And there is a special wine to complement.”

Real game bird and vegetables, instead of vegeprotein? That sounded really good. “Will Mr. Stark be having dinner?”

His expression went to neutral, although she noticed shrewdly that his hair fluttered around his throat. “Mr. Stark is involved in a conference and will dine in his office.”

She shrugged nonchalantly. She didn’t need him around all the time.

As Natan returned to his galley, Kiri stretched and then went to use the lav.

“Could I just eat at the small table where we had lunch?” she asked, popping her head into the galley to give Natan the smile that got her male customers to buy the extra-large size of coffee with special additions.

He beamed at her. “Of course. I will set the table immediately.”

He brought a dish of candles and a lovely place setting with a salad and a goblet of wine, then held her chair for her with a flourish.

“Thank you,” Kiri said, charmed. “This is really nice, Natan.”

He bowed and then scurried away to bring her main course.

Kiri ate, and drank her wine, gazing out the windows at the lights far below. It was a fairly clear night for once—she could see the lights of space craft coming in to hover and land at the space port across a finger of the bay, and the lights of ships clustered along the docks. Once, a cruiser zipped by the windows, so close she jumped and nearly spilled her wine. It was closely followed by another with a bar of brilliant lights flashing across the top—the cops. She laughed—whoever the daredevil was, he or she was busted.

She wandered over to the windows with her wine to gaze out at the foggy night for a while. It felt strange to be here in this luxurious aerie, with time on her hands. Nothing to do but entertain herself until Stark was done with his business.

She watched more travel videos, the next one about Serpentia, the desert planet. Whoa, now there was a place about as different from Pangaea as you could get. Expanses of golden sand and red cliffs, with oases and spectacular sunsets. Strange beautiful snakes and beings.

Of course Serpentians looked nearly human, just more sinuous in their movements, and with that golden skin, almost like exotic statues. Haassea and Slidi were Serpentian. Kiri scowled as she remembered the sensuality both women wore like a cloak. But they weren’t here, she was. She curled into a different position in her cushions, leaning her head on one hand as she watched the holovid.

Serpentia had some nice resorts. She couldn’t get over how clean the air was there and on Pangaea. Must be nice to go out in the sun and rain without worrying about being fried or even poisoned.

But as the evening turned to night, she found herself yawning alone on the divan, too sleepy to enjoy her leisure. Well, it had been seven hells of a day, and the day before that. She was exhausted, and she wasn’t waiting for him any longer. She could see herself to bed quite well. How did rich people stand all this free time? Sitting still was exhausting.

She found her new clothing hung in the mistress’ closet, and the nightwear of previous guests relegated to the back. She chose a lovely nightgown and peignoir in a deep teal lii silk. It looked new. The lii silk slipped over her bare skin like a caress, and when she belted on the robe, she stared at herself, barely recognizing the slim woman in the mirror.

“You look like his mistress,” she murmured. She eyed herself uneasily. She felt like one, too. Well dressed, well fed and well fucked.



***



Stark sat back in his office chair with a sigh, rubbing his hands over his eyes. They were tired and dry. Natan had long since brought him dinner and then cleared away the remains, but Stark had worked on, making sure all the details were taken care of for his trip to New Asia.

He’d done this after spending much of the afternoon in a holovid conference with the captains of Orion and her sister ships, Cassiopeia and Andromeda, as well as the head of LodeStar security, Bronc Berenson. Stowaways had been discovered on all three LodeStar cruise ships. All ex-military males and females, all drugged, disoriented and claiming not to know how they’d gotten onto the ship.

Berenson, a large, stone-faced ex-soldier himself, looked even more grim than usual.

“Sir, I believe they’re telling the truth. Commander Navos himself questioned the pair on the Orion, and he says their last memories are of drinking in a bar on Earth II.”

“So they were kidnapped?” Stark’s gut iced. “Do we know why?”

“I have my suspicions, sir.”

“And what are your suspicions?” demanded Captain Aleah of the Cassiopeia.

She was ex-military herself, as was Captain Zeon of the Andromeda and Steve Craig. All of them looked as enraged as Stark at the thought that LodeStar vessels were being used to victimize ex-soldiers.

“Slavers acquiring gladiators.” Berenson bit out the words as if he were chewing off a chunk of rock. “Either as sport for large predators captured from the outlying planets or set against other sentient beings.”

“Or against each other,” Zeon added somberly. “This was once a custom on my planet for soldiers defeated in battle.”

“On Earth I, too,” Craig agreed, his disgust clear. “I hear there are still plenty of illegal fight rings there and on E II.”

Stark nodded. “Yes, and on Serpentia. As soon as one is found, the operation is simply moved to a new location. Bronc, any idea who the handlers were?”

Berenson shook his head. “No sir. But we’re working with the IGSF and the IBI. We’ll figure it out. We do have one lead. Two of the men were taken from New Seattle. Place called The Flash.”

“Find out who owns it.”

The conference ended with Berenson’s promise that Stark would know as soon as there were any breaks in the case. Stark instructed his captains to give the kidnapped men a free voyage home, and treat them like royalty. From the looks on their faces, this would not be a problem.

Stark called Natan for more coffee and some gesics for the headache that had begun to pound in his temples, and worked on.

Finally finished with his preparations for his journey, he sat back in his chair, and drank a glass of moon brandy to relax before going to bed. He gazed absently into the glass. The clear amber liquid was the color of Kiri’s eyes.

He thought back to their sex earlier, and found himself grinning as he remembered her indignant words. ‘Honestly, Logan Stark. Fall in love with you over good sex? Not gonna happen.’ His little cat was nothing if not brutally honest. That was fine with him. He was all too used to women trying to parse out what he wanted to hear and then cooing it in his ear.

He took another sip, then grimaced as memory soured it on his tongue. The woman he’d wanted first, the one he’d thought would be by his side in his bed and on his arm, had been the mistress of lies. Adora Crest had professed her love for him, and sighed happily as he laid out his dreams of success and wealth.

He’d reveled in protecting her, her fears made him feel strong. Her longing for material things had made him feel a hero for giving them to her. She’d also nearly drawn him away from his primary responsibility—taking care of his younger brothers.

In his early twenties, he’d been the oldest, the one responsible for keeping them safe, clothed and fed. The bitch had nearly talked him into leaving them behind. She’d teased him into a hormone-ruled frenzy with her soft arms and glimpses of her perfumed cunt, begging him to cash in his newly successful business and go away with her, somewhere they could be alone together.

Only when he’d found her in the arms of another man had he been able to see the truth—that she had plans for his money all right, but they didn’t include him. She and her lover had planned to take all his credit and disappear.

The shame of even considering deserting the boys for the whore, heavy as his responsibilities had been for a young man, had nearly killed him. When he’d sobered up from a three-day bender, his brothers had forgiven him and they’d gone on with their lives.

But it had taken him years to forgive himself. He’d thrown himself into business, vowing he’d never rest until the three of them had so much wealth they would never again be at risk.

With his powerful sexual drive, he hadn’t been able to stay away from women for long, but he’d made sure they knew explicitly that sex was all he wanted from them, and a few expensive gifts were all they could expect from him.

Yes, Kiri was definitely one of a kind. But her strength, her defiance conversely made him want to tame her. He had to shift in his chair to ease a sudden tightening in his groin at the thought of her sultry beauty, enhanced by pampering and polishing, displayed in one of the exclusive clubs he sometimes frequented. A jeweled collar and the finest lii silk leash, tied to his wrist.

With a wry twist to his mouth, he drained his brandy and rose from his chair, reaching down to adjust his burgeoning erection in his pants. His imaginings had rendered him unfit for further work.

Luckily for him, relief was only a room away.





 14

She was in the apartment. The one from long ago, warm and bright despite the dark gloom outside. Her tiny bed cubby enclosed her. Her parents had fixed it for her, under the L of the stairs, so she wouldn’t have to share anymore, because she was a big girl. It was full of her favorite things: an old stuffed dog that she’d pretended was real when she was younger, her game console, a painting of red flowers, and the new comforter she’d chosen herself. But despite the cozy place, she lay stiff with terror, her heart pounding. Something was wrong. Noises outside in the apartment. Voices crying out, and light flashing under her door—wrong. All wrong. A heavy thud of something falling against her door.

She sprang up, scrabbling backward in the bed, her heart pounding, ready to scratch and fight.

“Kiri.”

It was Stark, kneeling on the edge of the bed in the lamplight. He was nude, his broad shoulders and lean frame a powerful shadow between her and the lamp.

“All right?” he asked quietly.

She collapsed in the pillows with groan of relief, one hand to her chest, where her heart still pounded. “Quark, you scared me. I thought—” She hadn’t thought, she’d reacted as if she were back in her apartment, only partially secure from intrusion. Remnants of a nightmare slid through her mind and disappeared under his steady gaze.

He nodded. He’d showered and shaved. His jaw, limned in gold as he turned his head, was smooth and he smelled of his special lotion. She let her gaze drop down over his bare body, a thrill of awareness slicking through her. His cock was erect, thrusting out stiffly from his lean thighs. Her pussy quivered with recognition and desire. He wanted her again.

“I’m leaving in an hour,” he told her. “I’d very much like to fuck you before I go.”

“You’re leaving?” She sucked her bottom lip in and let it slide back between her teeth. Shyness seized her, and instead of answering she pushed the covers back in silent invitation. “You haven’t even been to bed.”

“I’ll sleep on the cruiser. And I’ll only be gone for two days.” He cupped one hand around her knee and pulled her leg up toward him, opening her thighs. Then he moved between them and pushed her nightgown up, baring her from the waist down.

Kiri reached to pull the tissue thin gown the rest of the way up, and he shook his head, his gaze on her breasts under the thin lii silk. “Leave it,” he murmured. He bent his head and used his teeth carefully on her, nipping at her protruding nipples through the thin silk. His fingers were already stroking deftly between her legs and drawing her wetness out to sleek her entrance for him.

She whimpered at the rush of sensation, and he lifted his head to watch as he petted her, his firm fingertip circling the swollen bud of her clitoris. “Mm, I like the gown just this way. It accentuates your pretty cunt.”

He looked up to watch her expression as he fucked her with his fingers. “I’ll have a toy made just for you, with a gold chain that will trail up across your mons and connect to a belt that I can tug very gently whenever I want your ... complete attention.”

He had her attention now. And she was so twisted to even listen to his wicked promises. As if she’d ever let him do something like that.

He bent to kiss her, smiling against her mouth. “Oh, kitten, your face is so expressive. Such longing, such uncertainty. Now come for me.”

She was appalled to discover she couldn’t help doing so. She clutched at his broad shoulders, his skin hot and smooth under her hands as she convulsed around his fingers.

He made a sound of approval as he levered himself between her thighs. He thrust his cock into her still spasming channel, and Kiri cried out in ecstasy at the sudden sensation of fullness.

“Ah, that’s right,” he groaned, shuddering as she enveloped his length. “Squeeze me, kitten, hard as you can. So good.”

Kiri curved up to meet him. His very sureness made him irresistible as he filled her with himself, taking his pleasure with swift thrusts. She slid her hands up across his broad, muscled back and held him close, reveling in his hard weight over her, his need for her. Then her own body took over as his cock moving inside her ignited a deep, desperate need to come again around him.

“Do you want this?” He slid one hand under her bottom and held her there for his deepening strokes.

“Yes.” She wrapped her leg around his tight, flexing ass to pull herself up against him.

“That’s right,” he approved. “I can feel your cunt squeezing me.”

He watched her, his face taut with passion. “Helpless against the pleasure, aren’t you, little cat?”

“Yes,” Kiri groaned as she gave into the dark waves of pleasure rolling through her. “Oh, Logan.”

He stiffened in her arms, heat pulsing into her, but continued to move for a long time, with slow, languid strokes. Her body clasped him with little aftershocks of pleasure.

He dropped a kiss on her lips. “That was good. Thank you.”

But when he moved off of her, he leaned on his elbow, his hand on the plane of her belly. His face had that relaxed look she liked so much, a flush over his hard cheekbones, a dew of perspiration on his skin.

“I’ll speak with you again later today,” he told her. “Via holovid.”

“Where are you going?”

“To New Asia, on business. While I’m gone, I want you to get your business in order for someone else to run.”

“What? I’ll be working it.”

“Kitten, my next trip is to Frontiera, and I’ll be gone for nearly two weeks. I’ll want you with me.”

Kiri squirmed uneasily, although it was hard to worry too much while she was lying against him, his hand on her.

“Logan, I hate flying. Rather have my feet on the ground. Around the city is okay, but deep space? Ugh. No thanks. I’ll stay here and work while you’re gone.”

She had so much to do. Use his loan to improve her kiosk and find a new apartment. Better get going on that before this thing between them fizzled. Although right now he certainly showed no signs of boredom. She looked him over for the sheer pleasure of it, letting the back of her fingers trail over the smooth skin of his ribs.

Not that she wanted him to be gone, either. “Why do you have to go, anyway? Can’t you just run all your businesses via holovid conferences?”

“Because my brothers are there. I’ll visit them while I’m on planet.”

That she could understand. She just wished they were on this planet. Deep space, ugh.

“Space travel is quite safe,” he told her. “Especially on one of my ships.”

“Oh, don’t think much of yourself, do you?” she teased. But she eyed him with a tinge of awe. He owned a quarking cruise line.

“Simple fact. I pay for the best, and I get it. And you’ll come with me, because you’re going to miss me the next few days.”

“I’ll be much too busy.” She stroked her fingers up through the mat of hair on his chest.

He stroked his hand up under her nightie, cupping her breast, swiping his thumb over her nipple. She lifted into his touch, silently asking for more, and he gave it to her, petting her.

“Leave some time for shopping. I’ve asked Haassea to choose a wardrobe for you. You’ll have final approval, but you’re going to need evening wear as well as some travel kit.”

He was hard to deter, but she was just as stubborn. “I don’t need any more clothing. How about a new coffee machine instead?”

He shook his head, his eyes on his hand as he moved it to fondle her other breast. “We can discuss that later. Not interested in gowns? I should have known. Hmm, perhaps we’ll stop off at a certain resort I know on Serpentia. They specialize in the training of naughty mistresses.”

She eyed him with a frisson of alarm.”That’s just another reason to stay here.”

He chuckled. “We’ll see. They teach a lover how to accept certain activities for a master’s pleasure and how to use certain … toys.” Then he slid his hand down where his cock had been and smiled at her.

“You’re not my master, and I already came twice,” she told him. Didn’t come out quite as authoritative as she’d hoped, though. She’d work on that, just as soon as he was finished.

He shook his head chidingly. “You’ll orgasm as many times as I want you to. And I like touching you when you’re soft and wet with my cum.”

He stroked her clitoris with a light, teasing touch, and despite her recent satisfaction it felt starry. She loved having his hands on her, and if he wanted to give her another of those cataclysms of pleasure, she wasn’t going to say no.

His eyes narrowed. “And now I believe you’d like to come ... wouldn’t you?”

Kiri nodded helplessly as pleasure tightened under his expert touch.

“Now, little cat,” he said and watched her as she came apart.

Then he kissed her goodbye. In a haze of Stark-induced languor, she slipped her arms around him and held on to him, nuzzling her face into his neck, inhaling his scent. His arm tightened, and for a moment he held her close, skin to skin, his heart beating against hers.

But when she was close to slipping back into sleep, he pulled away and slid out of bed. He pulled the covers up over her, and traced his fingertips over the curve of her cheek. “Stay out of trouble while I’m gone, hmm?”

“Mm-hmm.” She turned into the pillows, her body so relaxed she was sure she’d go back to sleep. “Bye, Logan.”

“Goodbye, kitten.”

Instead of going back to sleep, Kiri lay wide awake, wondering uneasily what it would be like to have some faceless being instruct her in pleasing Stark.



***



Stark was gone when she woke again. A gentle chime sounded again, and Kiri sat up, looking around groggily. A small comlink perched on the pillow next to hers. She leaned on one elbow to pick it up and clicked it on.

“Good morning,” Stark said, his face and shoulders appearing in a small holovid above the link. He looked fresh and rested, clad in one of his dark gray business suits. He lifted a cerametal mug to his lips and drank, steam rising around his face.

“Where are you?” she asked sleepily.

“On the way to rendezvous with one of my smaller ships, Arcturus. She’ll take me the rest of the way to New Asia.”

She yawned, pushing the covers away and stretching. He watched her over his cup and she remembered she wore the wispy, clinging nightgown. She leaned on her elbow, letting one strap fall from her shoulder, enjoying the power of knowing he liked the way she looked.

However, speaking of his ships reminded her he’d soon be going on a much longer trip.

“What ship will you take to Frontiera?”

“The Orion, my flagship. You’ll enjoy meeting the captain and crew commanders. They’re a fascinating bunch. We’ll land in Frontiera City, which is where people dress for the evening.”

She wondered what the city looked like. Dark and dirty like New Seattle, or clean and fresh? She’d look it up on the holovids, but that was all, because she was staying right here with both feet on planet. The deep black void of space, ugh. Not for her, even with him at her side. “Will you stay there, or go on into the wild lands?”

“I’ve meetings with the mayor-potentate and a few of my business associates. There will be parties. Stone Masterson’s wife enjoys entertaining and she has many … friends.”

Including women, she realized, jealousy flaring. And they’d all be maneuvering to be beside him, because no matter where he went, he would be the biggest catch. And she wouldn’t be there to guard him.

“How about in New Asia?” she asked, frowning.

He gave her a gleaming look over his mug. “Oh, the entertainments there are spectacular. Dancing girls and flesh shows abound.”

“Will you go to those?”

He shrugged. “You could be with me.”

The bastard, he was playing her. She mimicked his casual shrug. “I’ll be so busy, I’ll hardly know you’re gone. But enjoy your socializing. I expect I’ll be out myself.”

“Rak will be glad to take you anywhere you’d like to go,” he said agreeably. “And provide security while you’re there.”

Including fending off any males who got too close. She opened her mouth to tell him what he could do with that suggestion and then remembered that she was in his bed and for the moment, living on his largesse. She settled for raising her brows.

“You think I need security when I go out? I’ve been on my own for years.”

His jaw set. “The city isn’t safe. You’re with me now, and you’ll have one of my men with you when you’re out. Not negotiable, Kiri.”

“Perhaps I’ll have a talk with Opal,” she muttered. “And ask her to do the same for you.”

“I can look after myself,” he reminded her, his gaze softening. “Do you like your new comlink?”

She examined the small device. It was made of some semi-precious alloy that looked like it should be in a jewel shop. “It’s lovely. Thank you.” Maybe he’d let her keep it.

“Amber from Serpentia. See the earpiece on the side? You can have it surgically attached if you like.”

Kiri found the small earpiece. Embedded with diamonds, it did look like expensive jewelry. “Really?”

“It’s yours, Kiri.”

She smiled at him, wishing she wasn’t all sleep rumpled. “Thank you.”

“Just see that you keep it with you at all times.”

She nodded. For security, that was wise. Hers was a cheap one with holish reception half the time. She’d be happy to transfer her info to this one. “Have you another work station I could use?”

“Yes. Natan will show you.” He looked away, as if someone else had arrived. “Don’t be late for your spa day,” he said, and the hololink winked out.

“Yes, master,” she muttered, wrinkling her nose.

Then she grinned to herself and hopped out of bed. She wouldn’t mind a spa day. Never had one.





 15

Kiri would have liked to order some coffee first, but when she used her new comlink to contact Illyrian Bean, her coffee supplier, her usual sales person was not available. Kiri left a message.

She exited Stark’s penthouse to find a pilot waiting at the end of the loading podway. A short, stocky man, his fit, wrestler’s build belied his short, silver hair and the wrinkles on his face.

He eyed Kiri with what looked like suspicion as she approached him. She sighed inwardly. He was probably used to the high-society women Stark usually squired about.

After her attempt to order coffee, she’d succumbed to the temptation to research Stark on the web, and she was feeling profoundly uneasy after seeing the beautiful, big-busted women who paraded through the holovids on Stark’s arm. None of them resembled her, that was for sure.

She’d been overawed by the ornate surroundings of the gatherings, too, and recognized several famous faces among the people who fawned over Stark, or at least greeted him as an equal. Singers and holovid stars as well as government officials.

Why should he want to keep her around? Maybe he was like a man craving vegeprotein snacks and a bubble soda when he’d been on a steady diet of imported pheasant and champagne. She’d better do her best to let them polish her up.

She stopped before the pilot and held out her hand. “Hello, I’m Kiri. You must be Rak.”

The pilot took her hand gently in his calloused paw and nodded politely. “Yes, ma’am. I’m Rak. Mr. Stark said you’ll be spending the day at a spa.”

“I will,” she agreed, wrinkling her nose.

She walked into the slider, looking around at the soft beige interior, with fitments of goldtone cerametal. “Starry,” she approved. “Is she new?”

“Yes, ma’am.” His gruff voice held more enthusiasm now. “Just glided off the line a few weeks ago.”

“She’s a beauty.” She sniffed appreciatively. “May I ride in the cockpit with you, please? I’ve only ever flown on the big airbuses. I want to know what it’s like to sit at the controls and see everything coming right at you.”

He eyed her as if she’d asked him to let her dance on the nose, but then he shrugged. “I reckon it can’t hurt. This way, please.”

She followed him into the small, sleek cockpit and sat down in the co-pilot’s seat. “Fasten your belt, there,” Rak said gruffly, pointing at the harness on her seat. Kiri fastened it quickly and then peered out the windshield with awe. They were perched high on the side of Stark’s penthouse building, with the clouds drifting around them.

Another slider shot by a short distance away and Kiri rocked back in her seat with a gasp.

“You sure about this?” the pilot asked, scowling at her.

She nodded quickly. “I am. I’ll be very quiet, I swear. You won’t even know I’m here.”

The expression that flickered over his face was so swift she nearly missed it. It said very clearly, ‘We’ll see about that.’

Kiri sat back in her seat and watched as he flipped levers and various lighted dials and gauges on the sleek dash. There seemed to be a great many lights, red and green and yellow.

A soft hum filled the cockpit, and two large gauges glowed brighter. He was powering up the engine. Another slider shot by, on the same trajectory as before. This time she only flinched a little.

“How will you know when it’s safe to take off?” she asked him nervously. She’d played simu-games, pretending she was piloting all kinds of craft, but this was real and she didn’t recognize all these controls.

He tapped a screen in the center of the dash, and she saw a number of small shapes. After watching for a sec she saw that they slid in patterns just like the simu-game screens. “There are designated flyways around the city. We’ll take off up to a higher level than the flights coming this way, so we don’t collide.”

Kiri nodded, relieved. He knew what he was doing, of course he did. She just wasn’t sure she did, sitting up here. Sitting with Stark in the passenger seats of his gliders, she’d been distracted. Here, that was not possible.

She clung to the arms of her seat as the craft lifted lightly in the air and slipped upward into the clouds. Her stomach seemed to have stayed behind somewhere, and she swallowed hard, determined to quell her nerves.

Sitting in the cockpit, she could feel the subtle tilting of the craft as the pilot slipped around tall buildings and through a pair of towering lighted power stations. Inside the cabin, she would have missed it and not known they were turning unless she peered out the window. Slowly her nerves calmed and she began to enjoy the flight. It was like being inside a game, only real.

As they landed softly on the dock at the shopping center, Kiri looked over at Rak and grinned. “Thank you. That was starry.”

He nodded. “You were, uh, a good passenger. Didn’t get in the way.”

She unfastened her seatbelt and looked around her one last time. “Maybe I’ll to learn to fly one of these.”

She thought she heard him groan quietly as she walked out into the main cabin, but she magnanimously ignored it. Really, Stark’s employees could stand to loosen up a bit.

The hatch slid open, revealing the shopping center landing dock and a waiting attendant in Maitresse’s tasteful cream. This one was a pretty blonde with a friendly smile.

“Hello, I’m Taara. Please come with me.”

Kiri smiled back. Then she took a deep breath.

“‘Bye, Rak,” she said. “See you around dinner time, I expect. These people have some work to bring me up to Stark’s standards.”

Ignoring the stunned look on the old pilot’s face, she strode out of the craft, her head high.



***



Haassea was not in, but she had left lengthy instructions for her new client. Kiri was whisked away to a lovely little room, divested of her clothing, helped into a tiny pair of panties and immersed in a tub full of hot gooey mud by two young Egglantians with hairless, ovoid heads, lavender skin and meltingly lovely eyes. She wasn’t sure if they were male or female, then decided with an inward shrug that it didn’t matter. They weren’t interested in what a human had to offer.

“You are a friend of Mr. Stark’s,” one said, batting long lashes.

Kiri nodded self-consciously. “And what are your names?”

“I am Blii,” said the small one.

“And I am Flo,” said tall.

Kiri smiled back at them. “Nice to meet you, Blii and Flo.

“We are honored to serve you. Oh, you are so lucky,” Blii breathed. “Mr. Stark is starry. So very masculine.”

The two laughed together, the sound like soft chimes, and Kiri gave a half-hearted chuckle. It seemed no one was immune to Stark’s charm.

After a short time, she was tenderly assisted out and offered a drink as she stood dripping on a mat, the goo sliding down her body and then drying quickly in the warm air blowing from small dryer bots that floated around her.

“No, thanks,” she said, wrinkling her nose. “Let’s just get on with it.”

“Oh, you’ll want to drink it,” Flo assured her, eyes wide. “It contains gesics.”

Kiri gulped it, the two nodding approvingly. She discovered why as Blii walked behind her and then proceeded to pull a long strip of dried mud from her, taking what felt like every small hair on her body, and skin as well. It stung as if she had been whipped with fire. Unprepared for the pain, Kiri let out a shriek.

The two attendants appeared before her, their heads cocked in identical looks of horror that would have been funny had she not been fighting tears.

“Hurts,” she managed.

“Oh, no. Haassea herself calibrated the gesics for you,” Flo breathed.

“Yes, you humans are so sensitive,” Blii nodded. “We do our best to alleviate this.”

“Well, I think someone made a mistake.” Kiri took a deep breath and blew out. “Can you get me a stronger one—please?” She could work through coffee burns, and had many times, but that was because she had no choice. If she was going to withstand more of this pain, she needed gesics.

“At once.” Flo hustled away.

She returned in a very short time, out of breath, bearing another beaker before her like a grail. “I mixed this one myself.”

Kiri drained the mug. No sooner had she lowered the cup than a wave of well-being slithered over her like a soft, tickly blanket.

“Whoa,” she crooned. “That did the trick. All righty then.”

Flo watched anxiously as Blii began the next strip. Kiri grinned at her. “G’won,” she said. “Hit it.”

Flo ripped. When Kiri stood still, smiling, Flo nodded happily. “I mixed the gesics right this time.”

The mud gone, her skin tingling pleasantly, Kiri was ushered into a comfortable recliner, only to have the panties nipped away. The two tipped their heads together, studying her mons with deep interest. She clamped her thighs together. “What are you looking at?”

“Your pubis,” Flo said. “Very pretty.”

“Oh, yes. Lovely,” Flii agreed. “I think just a trim, yes?”

“Yes, Mr. Stark did say not to remove—”

“Hey,” Kiri broke in indignantly, her face and chest on fire. “You discussed my privates with Mr. Stark? Well, I decide what happens there and no one else.”

They blinked at her. Then both broke into their chime-like laughter, leaning toward her conspiratorially. “Of course.”

“We did not know you had a preference.”

That figured. Stark had just ordered what he wanted done. Well, it was her body, not his.

“Look, just a trim. I don’t mind looking sexy, but not too bare, you know?”

“Oh, no,” Flo agreed. “You are a natural beauty. Mr. Stark said so himself.”

Blii brought Kiri another drink, this one a Pear Blossom, and they readied their treatment. The first part wasn’t bad, involving warm strips of a waxy substance.

“Mr. Stark is very handsome,” sighed Flo.

Kiri opened her mouth to agree, and Blii ripped one of the strips of wax away from her pubis. Kiri let out a squeak. She’d felt that one. She clutched her drink as Flo reached for another strip.

“He is so masterful,” Blii sighed. Flo ripped.

“And so rich,” Flo added, ripping again. Kiri whimpered.

“All done,” Blii crooned, patting her shoulder. “Now enjoy your drink.”

Kiri gulped the rest of it and then lay back, enduring as her hands and feet were scrubbed, buffed, trimmed and then wrapped in luxurious oils and ointments. She’d never realized rich women had to be so tough.

“You could have laser surgery on your scars,” Blii breathed confidentially. “They would disappear.”

Kiri shrugged. She’d bet that took a lot of credit.

She emerged from Blii and Flo’s ministrations and was tucked into a silk robe.

“Thanks,” she said. “That was ... interesting.”

They giggled as if she had told the joke of the year and bowed. Kiri bowed back and followed the red-headed Serpentian, Slidi, into the dressing area. Kiri eyed the ensembles and garments hanging around the mirrored room. At least this part wouldn’t hurt.

“We’ve chosen a large assortment of clothing for you,” Slidi told her, her auburn head cocked at an arrogant angle. “Let’s start with this one.”

She whipped a black lace gown off its hanger. Kiri eyed her, lifting her own chin. “Let’s start with this,” she shot back. “I’m Kiri. You’re Slidi, right?”

The girl blinked, as if shocked to be challenged. “Yes. I am Haassea’s prime assistant”

“Nice to meet you, Slidi.” Kiri bit her tongue against the urge to remind the woman that she was Logan Stark’s mistress. She took the dress, eyeing it warily. “I’m not much for black. Have to wear too much of it for work. But I’ll try it, I guess.”

She took off the robe, tossed it over a chair, and wriggled gingerly into the black lace. Pulling it up over her shoulders, she turned to the mirrors. Her jaw dropped. The dress had more space than threads, and were those her—she peered at the mirror. Her nipples showed through and so did her neatly trimmed pubic hair.

“I don’t think so.” She jerked the dress off her shoulders and wriggled out of it. Nude, she stalked over to the clothing hanging on the walls. She studied the array with increasing dismay and anger. It was all either black, or crimson, or both, and made of translucent lace held together with bits of snakeskin and other slinky fabrics.

Kiri turned back to Slidi, who stood watching, arms crossed, a distinctly unfriendly look on her face. “I don’t really care for any of these,” Kiri said, gesturing at the clothing. “Can you bring me some other things to try, please? Something with a bit more fabric.”

“Are you saying our clothing isn’t good enough for you?”

Kiri stiffened, giving the redhead look for look. At the prices Stark must be paying here, no way was she putting up with attitude.

“Listen,” she said clearly. “I don’t know what your boss told you, but I’m not a whore and I will not dress like one. Now, are you going to bring me some other things, or do I walk?”

Her ringing tones had exactly the effect she desired. Two more faces peeked in the door. The pretty blonde and a brunette slipped into the room, looking worriedly from her to Slidi.

“I’m sure there has been some mistake,” the blonde said. “Haassea values Mr. Stark’s business very much.”

“May we bring you some other ensembles to try?” her brunette companion added. “Of course we want you to be happy, Ms. te Nawa.”

With a venomous look, Slidi glided from the room. The brunette followed her.

“Again, I’m Taara,” the blonde said, smiling at Kiri.

Slidi’s voice floated back clearly from the hallway outside. “You two fetch for her then. She’s just some slummer Stark picked up for a sex weekend.”

The blonde turned back to Kiri in horror. “Oh! I’m so sorry—”

Kiri grabbed the nearest dress and clutched it in front of her like a barricade.

“I’d like my clothing back. And then I’ll be going.”

Taara looked as if she might cry on Kiri’s behalf. “Yes, of course. At once.”

Kiri dressed quickly and then walked past the silent store clerks with her head held high. Taara walked with her. She looked back at her fellow clerks and then clicked her comlink. The door slid shut, enclosing her and Kiri in the hushed elegance of the podway.

“I’m so sorry,” the other woman whispered, stepping close. “I could be fired for saying this, but … Haassea and Mr. Stark were once … you know—lovers.”

“I guess that explains a lot.” Like the mysterious lack of gesics in the drink Haassea had prepared herself.

Taara bit her lip. “Even so, Slidi’s behavior was very odd.”

“Odd? Try quarking rude,” Kiri shot back.

The blonde nodded sorrowfully. “Yes.”

Kiri had to smile. “Thanks. You’re sweet.”

Taara smiled back. Then her eyes widened in mischievous glee, like a little girl. “Listen, I shouldn’t say this, either, but—”

The docking hatch opened, revealing Rak. He looked at Kiri and frowned. “Didn’t buy anything?”

Kiri shook her head, avoiding his gaze. She started forward, but the blonde stopped her, a hand on her arm.

“Wait. As I was saying, my cousin has a boutique near here. Very fun fashions. Would you like me to give your pilot directions?”

What Kiri really wanted to do was go and hide somewhere. But Rak raised his brows at her, his chin tucked in. She shrugged. “Sure. And thank you, Taara.”

“You are welcome, Ms. te Nawa. I’ll tell Daanel you are coming. He’ll be very excited to dress someone as lovely and unique as you.” She gave Kiri a coy look. “And of course if anyone asks where you got your ensembles, you might mention his shop.”

Kiri surprised herself by laughing. That was just good business, and business she understood. “I will—if I find anything I like. And call me Kiri.”

“Okay. Bye, Kiri.” Taara hurried away, and Kiri followed Rak into the ship.

“You wanna sit up with me again?” he asked gruffly.

“Sure,” she said. Anything to forget how little she fit into Stark’s world.





 16

While the friendly Taara looked more human than anything else, her cousin was a full-blood Serpentian. So slim he was nearly wraithlike, Daanel had golden skin, startling hair the color of the salad Natan had served her the evening before, and a sly, infectious grin. He was clad head to toe in snakeskin that made him look like one of the reptiles Kiri had seen on the travelogue the evening before. He welcomed Kiri into his boutique, which was as dark as a nightclub, with twinkling light balls floating about, reflecting from the windows and the sparkly cosmetics his assistants wore.

“Welcome, lovely one,” he said. “I am the incomparable Daanel, and I am going to dress you like an empress. A sexy one, who dashes about on her slider when she’s not slaying males with one look from her Tyger eyes.”

Looking her up and down, he growled low in his throat. Kiri burst out laughing. He was so outrageous she couldn’t take him seriously.

Rak, who had followed her in, shook his head. “I’ll wait out here,” he told her, pointing at a comfortable divan near the door. Kiri followed Daanel back through his shop into the dressing area. Thankfully, it was well lighted.

For the next hour, she tried on ensemble after ensemble. Daanel even measured her feet and sent two assistants for a selection of boots, flats and sexy heels, saying his clothing must have the right footwear to be appreciated.

At the end of the whirlwind session, Kiri had several new ensembles, some warm and comfy, some daring and sexy, some fun and a bit outrageous. None of them, even the sheer spider lace top and black leather vest and pants, worn with a pair of heeled black boots, made her feel like a whore. She’d meant to say no after the second or third ensemble, but somehow she found herself just trying one more, and then one more, and loving them all.

She guessed she could always sell some of them for credit, although the idea made her want to cry. But surely she didn’t deserve this luxury, not when she hadn’t earned any of it.

Not when all the extra credits she squeezed out of her shop like used coffee grounds went to finding out what happened that night outside her cubby in her childhood home.

But these were not her credits, and Stark had specifically instructed her to get new clothing. And she guessed it might as well be nice things.

“Seventh heavens,” Daanel crooned, waltzing around her as she modeled the last ensemble for him. “You are going to make me, starry one. Wait until they see you in that in the clubs. And I’ve a wrap that’s perfect for you, as well.”

He clapped his hands at one of his assistants, who grinned, obviously used to his drama. “Bring me the poppy-red halfpaca.”

The purple-haired pixie dashed away and returned with a length of blazing red, which Daanel settled gently as a cloud around Kiri’s shoulders, flipping the end back over her shoulder, and then held out his hands, sighing like an artist who has finished a masterpiece.

Kiri stroked her newly soft hands over it reverently. The bright color emphasized her eyes and hair, and it was so warm and light. “Oh, I have to have this.”

“Cosmic.” The Serpentian’s eyes gleamed fanatically. “Utterly cosmic.”

Kiri wore her new leather and lace ensemble out of the boutique, the poppy cape over one arm. She grinned sheepishly at Rak, who met her in the doorway. He raised his shaggy brows at the three laden shop assistants.

“Bought some things,” she said.

“Good.” The pilot nodded, as if she’d completed her mission satisfactorily.

Two Intergalactic Space Force pilots in uniform stared at her as they walked past, appreciation written on their handsome faces. A trio of women passed the other direction, eyeing her ensemble avariciously.

Daanel winked at her.”Don’t forget to take that look to the clubs.”

She liked him, and she liked his cousin, but she wasn’t really up for clubbing.

On the other hand, Stark was in New Asia watching naked women slither all over a stage and probably his lap—or he would be when he concluded his business. She could go out too. Surely it was all right for her to enjoy herself a little. Didn’t mean she wasn’t still working toward what was most important.

Also, showing these pretty clothes off in public might mean more business for Daanel. She seemed to be his only customer this afternoon. She knew how hard it was to gain recognition in this frenetic, crowded city.

“Know any good places?” she asked. “Maybe you and Taara could join me tonight.”

He gave her a look of exaggerated delight that made her laugh. “Do we know clubs? Darling, have you never been to Le Tigre? I’d love to show you off there.”

“My favorite.” It was the best dance club in the city and always packed. Kiri had heard it was owned by Chaz Jaguari, although she’d never seen him there. Tal hung out there when he was flush, with some lovely on his arm. Kiri wouldn’t mind him seeing her looking successful.

“Excellent. We’ll pick you up. Where?”

Kiri turned to Rak, who managed to convey his disapproval without moving a facial muscle, like the good soldier he was. “Stark quadrant, Landing One.”

Stark owned the whole quadrant? She might have known.

“See you,” Daanel caroled.

Rak led the way along the concourse to the landing pod, his posture stiff. “I’m supposed to be with you when you’re out, ma’am.”

“I don’t want to get you in trouble, but I don’t want you to be up late just because I am.” She stopped inside the slider and watched as he tipped Daanel’s assistants, who hurried away looking very pleased. “Want to drop me off? They could bring me back to Stark’s place.”

“I’m paid to stay up late.” He closed the hatch with swift precision. “I will deliver you, wait for you, and bring you back to Landing One, miss.”

“Okay.” Kiri sat down in the passenger seat in the rear of the slider and then stood up and hurried after the pilot. “Can I still sit up here?”

He nodded, already powering up the sleek craft, and Kiri belted herself in. All right then. She could do this; adjust to living in the lap of luxury … just for a while.



***



Flying in to Le Tigre was like approaching a battle site in one of the action videos Kiri loved to watch. Colored lights pulsed across the low clouds hanging over the club, which was on the top of a building. Fireworks shot into the night, with the low rattle of their explosions. Vehicles jockeyed to land on the small space port pad, and far below in the streets people swarmed like bugs. Against the grim backdrop of the city, the club exuded an edgy glamour.

Rak sent a droid to park the slider and followed Kiri into the foyer. He had a disapproving scowl on his face again, but she was going to ignore that.

The high-ceilinged gilt and mirrored area was crowded with beings, all dressed to party, with shimmering, glittering clothing and cosmetics. It was an upscale crowd, though, even the druggers with their eerie dilated eyes looked pretty healthy.

“We’ll probably have to wait for a while,” Kiri warned Rak.

He shook his head and marched through the crowd. The guards—huge Argonautians in matching brief orange that showed off their impressive musculature—took one look at him and Kiri and gestured them into the club. She followed the stocky pilot, grinning with delight as those in line watched enviously. She was used to dawdling in the lobby, waiting for the mysterious moment when the guards decided it was her turn to enter.

Kiri caught sight of Daanel’s crest of hair, highlighted to startling chartreuse, near the doors. She beckoned. The couturier slid through the crowd, his pretty cousin behind him. Tonight he wore black snakeskin. Taara wore a tiny, clinging gold dress.

“We’re in,” Daanel crowed. “Darling, we must party together more often.”

Daanel eyed Rak, striding ahead of them in his gray flight suit. “Is he supposed to help you get men or keep them away?”

“Daanel!” Taara hissed.

Kiri shook her head at the irrepressible Serpentian. “Rak is a good guy. Be nice to him.”

“I’ll be at the bar,” Rak told her, ignoring Daanel, “keeping an eye out. You don’t go anywhere without me.”

Kiri saluted, but she smiled as she did so. “Okay. See you later.”

“Table,” Daanel shrieked. Kiri and Taara dove after him to a tall table. Another couple was approaching from the other direction, but Daanel slithered onto a stool first and simpered at them, tilting his head coquettishly. “Sorry. Taken.”

They glowered but turned away. “First round on me,” Daanel said. “What will you have, ladies?”

“Blue star for me,” Kiri said.

“Same,” Taara agreed.

Daanel slid away through the crowd, and Kiri looked around. This club was definitely more upscale than those around the port. The crowd was well-dressed and for the most part well-behaved. Probably due to the Argonautians patrolling the periphery, their craggy faces stern.

“Ooh, look.” Taara pointed up.

Overhead, huge holovid cats prowled through the dark air with careless, predatory grace, their sleek fur striped with orange and black. Tigers. Kiri shivered pleasurably. Must have been really something when the deadly cats roamed the wild places of this planet.

“This place is starry,” Taara said in her ear. “It’s so nice of you to invite us. So tell me about Mr. Stark. What’s he like at home?”

“Dance?” A well-dressed blond man leaned over the table toward Kiri.

She shook her head, smiling. “Just got here. Maybe later?”

“He was hot.” Taara widened her eyes at Kiri. “You should have danced. Except maybe Mr. Stark doesn’t want you dancing with other guys, hmm?”

Kiri shrugged. “I want a drink first. I don’t need a partner to dance.” Wasn’t like she’d be going home with one of them, or to some back hallway.

“I know,” Taara agreed. “I love to dance.” She waved her slender arms over her head, and Kiri admired her shimmery gold halter and tiny fuzzy skirt. With gold glitter sprayed on her eyelids and hair, the blonde looked like some sexy fey creature.

She smiled gleefully at Kiri. “I’m so glad you snagged Stark. I think that bitch Slidi is jealous, you know.”

“It shows.” Kiri leaned closer. “What about Haassea?”

Taara looked uneasy. “She and Mr. Stark had a thing, years ago. Before she married her boy toy. Oops, I probably shouldn’t call Traay that. Don’t tell.” She grabbed Kiri’s arm for emphasis, and Kiri shook her head, grinning.

“He’s absolutely moonbeamy,” Taara added. “Golden, if you know what I mean. He helps run the business, so he comes in sometimes.”

“But she still wants Stark?” That was disgusting.

Taara shrugged gracefully. “Serpentians have a hard time letting go, you know? Takes us a long time to uncoil once we get wrapped around someone.”

Kiri understood the difficulty of letting go, but that bitch had bared her fangs the moment Stark turned his back. And her prime assistant had hissed to back her up, or to try and get him for herself.

Daanel reappeared, his hands full of tall, fizzing beakers with glowing sapphire contents. “Blue stars.”

The three of them saluted each other and drank. Kiri winced at the intense cold and prickle of the drink and then sighed at the tart flavor and glow of well-being that filled her. The drinks were a study in pleasure-pain, but delicious. Made her think of Stark, and the twisty sex he’d hinted at, as well as what he’d already talked her into.

Like that anal plug and the way it had felt awful and then so very good with his cock inside her, filling her almost more than she could bear. What else would he want to do? She squirmed in her chair, the seam of her tight leather pants abrading her through the thin lace of her panties. Quark, she was getting turned on just wondering.

Two Serpentians appeared, smiling at Daanel and Taara. Relieved by the distraction, Kiri grinned behind her glass—the men were identical twins, with the auburn hair that was so common among their kind.

“Dance, gorgeous?” they asked in unison.

Daanel and Taara exchanged a look of mutual thrill and nodded. “Watch our drinks, or shall we take them?” Daanel asked Kiri.

“I’ll watch them for one dance,” Kiri said. The cousins hurried off to the huge dance floor, and Kiri took another drink as the singer slid into a throbbing love ballad. Would Stark enjoy this place? Did he dance? She tried to picture him waving his arms over his head like a nearby dancer and giggled because neither the dancer’s loose action or shimmery orange shirt translated to Logan Stark.

Stark was a tough guy, hard and honed. He could definitely move but in a very private way, tuned in to his own pleasure and hers. She squirmed again, crossed her legs and took another hasty drink. Okay, time to stop thinking about Stark or she was going to be linking him for long-distance sex right here from the bar.

Taara and Daanel reappeared long enough to claim their drinks. Kiri finished hers, and when the blond man reappeared, she accepted his invitation to dance. The music was fast, she knew she looked her best, and it felt good to move her body to the beat.

She took off her little jacket and tied it around her waist, raising her arms to the music. Her partner moved in, his hands on her waist. She let him do that much, but when he would have locked their bodies together, she put her hand on his chest and shook her head.

He disappeared after the song was over. Kiri danced again and again, enjoying the music. Other men and women joined her, then drifted away. That was fine with her.

After a while, she made her way back through the club toward the glowing galactic sign for restrooms—a circle with a stream of droplets burbling insouciantly through it. The passageway was crowded, with people coming and going from the restrooms and from other doors that lined the passageway. Two men and a woman emerged, all three of them flushed and mussed. The woman seemed barely able to walk but smiled beatifically.

The light above the vacated room changed from red to green. Another couple pushed toward it, jostling Kiri off her feet. She reeled backward, to find herself caught against a wiry, tough body. Another woman had broken her fall.

“Thanks.” Kiri made to step away, but small hands tightened on her waist, yanked her backward and through a door into a dark room that smelled of sweat and sex and perfume, the odors so strong in the small space it nearly gagged her.

“Hey.” She writhed, ready to claw, bite, whatever it took to get away from the bitch.

But her assailant was abruptly gone, the door thunking closed behind her.

“Hello, Kiri te Nawa.”





 17

Kiri whirled, panting, her heart still pounding with fear. A man leaned against the end of the narrow bed, arms crossed over his chest. He wore a black leather duster, his black hair hung in long braids, and his face was tattooed so heavily that his light eyes gleamed in startling contrast.

He smiled, baring white teeth, beautiful and feral as one of the tigers prowling overhead.

Recognition jolted her. “Tal? What are you doing here?” So it had been one of his gang who shoved her in here. “Why aren’t you at your own club?”

“Man gets tired of his own establishment once in awhile.” He looked her over, fingering the narrow beaker in his hand. The contents sparkled crimson, like fresh blood, only with light captured inside. “You’re looking ... starry.”

She bared her teeth at him. “Thanks. What is this all about? You want to talk to me, I’d appreciate if you did it out in the club.”

Tal laughed, a whisper of sound that sent chills ghosting over her skin. “Too many eyes on the front entrance, if you know what I mean. One thing about my place, I control who goes in and out.”

“Too bad for you, but I don’t like being shoved into a sex cubby.”

He cocked his head. “But we’ve been here before.”

Kiri’s face burned with embarrassment. They had, in a similar cubby at his club.

“We could dance first. You liked that. You let me put my hands all over you. You were hot as a flashbomb. Did everything but fuck you on the dance floor. Then I had you—twice.”

Oh, she remembered. She’d barely been able to walk afterward. “That was all the blue stars I drank.”

He laughed that chilling laugh again. “No, that was you and me. I could have you on your back in a few secs right now, if I wanted.”

“No, because I’m with someone now.”

Something moved in his eyes. Kiri stiffened her legs against the urge to back away from him. He was a predator—any sign of fear and he’d seize the advantage.

“That why you wouldn’t stay with me when I invited?” he asked softly.

She shook her head. Their hookup had been months ago. She’d met the ganger lord when she let one of her friends talk her into going out with her and her boyfriend, a member of Tal’s gang.

Tal Darkrunner was a beautiful man, and sex with him had been hot and daring, but when he’d invited her be his woman, she’d said no and meant it.

His gangers had been loitering when they emerged, a slick and rowdy lot, inked and leathered, the gazes of his men rapacious, the women envious. They lived on the edge of the law, roaring through the city in droves, driving other traffic out of the airways before them with savage glee, their women hanging on the back of their sound-enhanced sliders.

Their presence had snapped Kiri out of her sexual daze. She wasn’t ending up like them, hanging around waiting on him, drugging and drinking to fill the empty hours.

“Didn’t know him then. Turned you down because I’d just as soon not lay my head where the police may come raiding any night.”

She’d let Tal talk her into going out with him a few more times, but she’d regretted it when she woke with a splitting head and the knowledge the credit he’d blown on her could have been put to far more worthy use in her life. At least Stark was helping her build her business.

Tal toasted her mockingly. “Here’s to safety.” He tossed back his drink, then ran his tongue over his lip, considering her. “You think he can keep you safe, whoever’s buying you pretty things?”

His gaze sparkled, as if he was still laughing silently. As if he knew things she didn’t.

“I’ll keep myself safe,” she said. Show no fear; that was the only way through the maze of the tough streets, where choice hung on a razor’s edge. “Great seeing you, but I’m here with friends.”

He spread his hands in mock innocence. “Then go back to them. No one’s holding you.”

She shook her head in disgust as she turned away. Ganger lord, showing how tough he was.

He slid off the bed behind her and stepped close. “How about a kiss goodbye, starry girl?”

“How about not,” she retorted, the hair on the back of her neck standing up. He was hot as a flashbomb, but she had no doubt Stark would throw her out on her ass if she let another man touch her in any way except a public dance. She slapped her hand on the control panel.

“I have something you want.”

His taunt made her pause for a sec. “Really? What?”

He leaned closer, and she shivered, half with attraction, half with repulsion as he inhaled her scent, his braids brushing over her cheek. “Stay, and I’ll give it to you.”

Kiri closed her eyes, shivering as warm lips brushed her skin. But they were the wrong lips.

“Yeah, not happening.” He wanted to give her something, all right.

The door hissed open, and she emerged into the passageway and stopped short. Rak was stood there and he looked angry, although his face relaxed slightly after he looked her over. Several of Tal’s gangers waited, too, but they were giving the stocky ex-ISF pilot room. A small redhead with facial piercings and eyes rimmed with heavy cosmetics smirked at Kiri. Kiri glared back.

“You okay?” Rak demanded.

She nodded. “I’m fine. Tal just wanted a private word.”

Rak glared over her shoulder. “Don’t much care for his way of having that word.”

“Rak, please drop it, okay?” Kiri asked. “I’m fine.”

The gangers stayed out of their way as Kiri followed Rak from the passageway. The last glimpse she had of Tal, he held the redhead in his arms, his beringed hands on her ass, his head bent to give her a deep kiss.

That could have been her. And if Stark hadn’t stepped in to rescue her after her life went to black, probably would have been her, at least for a while. She’d been so off-balance, she would have turned to Tal for help, and then she’d have ended up mired in his world.

She shuddered and turned away to hurry after Rak.

Out in the club, the singer gyrated on the stage, ululating a wild song in some other tongue. The dance floor was a mass of writhing bodies. The noise and lights throbbed overhead, but now instead of an upscale club, Kiri saw a threatening maze. The faces turned her way held leers instead of smiles.

“I’m ready to go,” she yelled to Rak over the music.

They found Taara and Daanel, both of whom were still draped over a twin each, and said goodbye. Taara hugged Kiri exuberantly. “Bye. Let’s get together soon. Girls’ night! I’ll bring Daanel.”

Kiri nodded, grinning. She liked the bubbly Serpentians, and a girls’ night in, even one that strangely included a man, sounded fun.

In the glider, Kiri turned to Rak. “I want to learn self-defense. Will you teach me?”

He gave her a narrow-eyed look. “That ganger pull you in there against your will?”

“Not him, one of his stupid friends. Showing off for him.” This time. But there’d been some unspoken message behind the whole encounter. “But next time ... let’s just say I’d like it to be my choice.”

“Staying out of the clubs would be a good start.”

“Yeah, and I could give up my business at the spaceport and hide inside all day, too. Trouble is everywhere.”

Rak looked over at her. “Sure seems to find you, if you don’t mind my saying.”

She hugged her arms around herself, gazing into the past. “It always has. So, you gonna teach me to fight?”

He sent the craft into a gliding turn along an avenue of skyscrapers, lights reflecting in the tattered clouds above and below them. “If Mr. Stark has no objection.”

“Good.” Kiri sank back in her comfortable seat, watching as Stark’s now-familiar building loomed ahead, a slim monolith through the fog and rain. She was pretty sure he’d approve of her getting better at defending herself.

She’d use her time with him to get smarter and tougher as well as stabilize her life. And the next time one of Tal’s little gangers messed with her, she’d do some damage.



***



It was weird being dropped off to the hushed elegance of Stark’s penthouse instead of making her way back to her tiny apartment, past the mumbled importuning of druggies and the threat of reeking alleyways with their slinking shadows.

She was never going back to that, Kiri resolved fiercely as she showered the sweat of dancing away and slipped into a nightgown and robe the purplish hue of plumquots in the market stalls. She’d let Stark convince her that she was the woman he wanted at his side, at least for a time.

Not just for his credit, either. But because she really, really liked the way his eyes went warm and relaxed, the way they had after he fucked her that last time, when they’d lain in his bed and just talked. She wanted to see that look in his eyes again. She wanted to put it there.

She’d seen a similar look in other men’s eyes, but she hadn’t felt connected to any of them, hadn’t felt their strength wrapped around her, sure and steady. Hadn’t felt as if she’d won some kind of award when they smiled at her, laughed at her jokes. Hadn’t felt as if their gaze held enough heat and power to warm her through one of the most frightening times of her life.

Might as well admit it to herself and quit pretending this was about credit, because it was, but it was also about being with Stark. Tal was hot, but Stark was hotter and the police weren’t waiting for an opportunity to break down his door.

Although having free run of his huge place was quarking awesome. Because she could, she padded barefoot into Natan’s kitchen galley, every surface polished and spotless. A bowl of gremel fruit sat on the counter like an art display, their green rinds shiny. She put the fattest on a plate, poked in the huge refrigerator for a pot of the creamy cheese she liked so much, and then found a package of herb crackers. The tea maker was a quick study for a barista like her, and soon she had a mug of tea steaming aromatically.

She sat on a stool at the counter with her booty and cut the gremel open to reveal the sweet, juicy golden fruit. She ate until she was stuffed, stacked her dishes in the washer and went back to clean her teeth.

In the mistress room—she couldn’t stop thinking of it that way—she set her comlink on the bedside table and studied it before turning out the light. What was Stark up to tonight, on his cruise ship? She’d looked up both Arcturus and Orion and been lost in admiration of the gleaming white ship with her huge arboretum and gracious staterooms, dining rooms and even clubs. But idea of setting off into the black cold reaches of space still gave her the icy shudders. Only one reason she’d do that and until she knew where to go, no reason to take flight.

She was in her little bed cubby, alone but snug, because her family was just outside the hatch, in their apartment. This was her special place, just for her, with all her favorite things. No one could come in here unless she invited them.

But it wasn’t a haven tonight. Something bad was out there. Noise and light—wrong lights flashing. A voice crying out in terror, and then ending in a horrible wet gurgle. Another screaming, high and thin.

“Mama. Dada. Kai,” she called, but her voice was only a whisper.

Something thudded against her door, and slid down, down.

As she stared in horror, crimson liquid slid under the door and widened into a pool that spread across the floor toward her.

She woke to find herself huddled in the soft bed. The lights gleamed, and the room was quiet, except for her gasping breaths.

Oh, quark, her nightmare. She was sweating, hot and chilled at the same time, as if she’d been running outside in the cold, wet streets.

She pulled the comforter up around herself and sat, her chin on her knees, wishing Stark were here. She’d wrap herself around him and let him fuck her until she couldn’t think anymore, couldn’t remember.

She rocked back and forth, eyeing her new comlink. She could call him. Then she shook her head. What a baby—she didn’t need a bedtime story to comfort her. She was fine alone. It was just being shoved into the sex room at the club by Tal’s gangers, that was all.

She was fine. She was working toward her goals. Stabilizing her business, getting a safer home for herself. And soon she’d be able to continue her search.

She was certain Tal had been lying about having something of hers, toying with her. But if she’d lost the last of her memories in the apartment fire, perhaps one day soon she’d have something infinitely better.

The only other remaining member of her family—alive.





 18

Kiri was waiting, wired on too little sleep and too much caffeine, when Rak arrived at the penthouse. He ushered her into a room off the passageway that she hadn’t even known was there. It contained an elevated machine with a moving track to run on or hike up slopes or stairs, a bicycle, and lots of stretchy ropes and heavy looking pieces of metal with handholds.

The floor was covered with spongy mats, the walls with mirrors. A holovid display unit hung over the elevated track.

“Wow, a gymnasium,” she marveled. “Heard of these.”

“You should use it every day,” Rak said. “Make you stronger.”

Kiri thought of the calm, quiet confidence that Stark’s people all had. A look in their eyes that said, ‘Mess with me and I will take you down.’ She wanted that.

“Does Opal do this stuff?”

A certain look came into his eyes although his face didn’t change. “She does.”

Kiri nodded. “Then I will. Opal is tough, but she’s still very … womanly. That’s how I want to be.” How she would be.

She could tell by Rak’s look that she’d said exactly the right thing. He nodded.

A strange metal statue stood in one corner, smooth cerametal face blank, long arms down. The body and limbs were covered with thick padded leather.

“What is that?” she asked, wrinkling her nose.

“Sparring robot. Mr. Stark likes to fight—good at it, too. You leave it alone. Thing’s dangerous if you don’t know what you’re doing.”

“No problem.”

Rak moved to the center of the room. “Now show me how they grabbed you last night.”

Kiri flushed, humiliated by how easy it had been. She’d thought herself tough and wary, but it hadn’t been hard for the smaller woman to grab her and shove her into that room. She kept her eyes open on the street, but in the club she’d foolishly thought herself safe.

Rak held up his hand. “Remember how you feel right now,” he told her. “You let me and Mr. Stark and Opal teach you, and you’ll never feel like that again, okay?”

Helpless, angry and unable to retaliate—she never, ever wanted to feel like this again. Kiri set her jaw, accepted the emotions roiling inside her, and nodded. “I’m ready.”

At the end of their session, Kiri was breathing hard, her side hurt and she was going to have bruises on her arms and legs. But she glowed with accomplishment. She’d learned to react instantaneously to an attack from behind or the side. “How’d I do?”

Rak set his hands on his lean hips. “You got a long ways to go, but you’re a scrapper. Time we get through with you, anyone who jumps you will be sorry.”

“Maybe I should carry a cutter.” She’d had one once, but broken it prying a coffee container open.

Rak shook his head. “Take too long for me to show you how to use one, and they can be turned on you in a heartbeat. Got another idea that might work.”

“Tomorrow?” she asked.

He shrugged. “Sure. We can have a session every morning. You want to go anywhere today?”

“Yes.” Kiri grinned at his look of resignation. “No more shopping, I promise. I need to open up my coffee stand today at the space port.”



***



Stark sent her a hololink as she was standing in the huge closet. A hot shower-dry and some of her new lotions and cosmetics had taken care of her remaining soreness from the workout.

She smiled, delighted at the sight of Stark, seated in a private hotel room with a bouquet of some exotic blooms behind his shoulder. He wore a silk robe, his hair damp, and a steaming mug sat on the table before him.

He smiled back at her, his gaze dropping over her, clad only in a towel. “Sleep late?”

She shook her head. “Just finished a session with Rak in your gym. He’s teaching me some self-defense moves.”

“Is that why you’ve a bruise on your arm?”

Kiri rubbed the spot with her other hand, self-conscious. No, that would be from the night before when that bitch had shoved her.

“It’s nothing.” She’d had worse in the public care dorms.

“Natan has therapeutic gesics there. Use them. Why the sudden interest in self-defense?”

She moved restively, standing with one foot on top of the other. “I’m sure you’ve already had a report from Rak, so why ask me?”

He took a drink of coffee, watching her over the rim, making her wait. “I’d like your version of events.”

“Just an old acquaintance who didn’t realize I’m with someone else,” she said. She moved over the rack of clothing, pushing one ensemble aside.

“Tal Darkrunner is an old acquaintance?”

Kiri stared at him over her shoulder, cold shivering down her spine. “You know him?”

He held her gaze with his. “I know of him. I make it my business to know a great many beings, especially those who may ... impact what is mine.”

Did he mean his businesses literally, or did he mean her? “He doesn’t. I told him I don’t want to see him anymore.”

“Good. I’m sure you won’t mind if I have a word with him myself.”

“No.” Her face heated as he gave her a look. “I mean, he’s not important enough for you to bother with.” Worse, God only knew what kind of outrageous things he’d say, just to piss Stark off. Probably tell him what they’d done and how many times.

Stark nodded, but she had the uneasy sense it didn’t mean he was agreeing to back off.

He took another drink of coffee. “Kitten, that towel is covering up parts of you I would very much like to admire. Take it off.”

Heat flushed over her skin. Now there was a change of subject. One she was only too relieved to accept. Still turned three quarters away from him, Kiri unfastened the towel and let it slip to the floor.

His gaze slid down over her bare body, lingering on her ass. He sipped his coffee. “Now turn around.”

Two could play at this game. Kiri cast him a sultry glance over her shoulder. “Sorry. I’m getting dressed, not putting on a sex show for you.”

She opened the drawer in front of her and grabbed a pair of spider lace panties. They were cream with black scallop trim. Her heart pounding, she stepped into them and pulled them up, rolling her hips to settle the panties.

She fumbled into the matching bra, feeling the heat of his gaze on her. When she had the undies on, she turned, cocking her hip saucily.

He had one hand on the table, playing with something that glinted in the lights of his stateroom. “You do know you’ll be punished for that.” His eyes held the hint of a smile.

Kiri eyed him suspiciously. “What do you have there?”

He lifted his hand, and a delicate gold chain dripped from his grasp. At the end was a pair of golden balls that rolled lightly over the table. Foreboding tightened in her middle.

“A little something I picked up here,” he said. “As promised. You’ll wear it for me. Won’t you, kitten?”

It was the toy he’d promised her—or threatened her with—the one designed to be worn inside her. Kiri had a sudden searing image of them seated at Jasmine, surrounded by other diners and waitstaff. All he’d have to do was tug gently on that chain, and those balls would move in her pussy. He’d probably tease her until she was mindless with lust. Quark, she was going to have to go and touch herself now. Otherwise she’d be twitchy for hours, just thinking about it.

She shrugged casually. “Guess it will give you something to dream about while you’re in a meeting.”

He chuckled, a dark and wicked sound. “Yes, it will.”

Oh, God, if she was there in that room with him, she’d climb onto his lap and ride him until the tight throbbing between her thighs was assuaged, and he forgot all about his dirty toys.

“There are a variety of toys in my bedside cabinet,” he suggested, his voice gentle. “You’re clearly aroused by the prospect of this device, so feel free to go and play. In fact, I’d like to watch.”

Kiri opened her mouth but no words came out. The man was incorrigible, and there was no way she’d admit the idea of him watching her aroused her so much she wanted to squirm.

Stark smiled at her, and she had to press her thighs together, standing there under his knowing gaze.

“Go on, get something and bring it back, kitten,” he advised gently.

She gazed back at him, heat racing through her, pulling her pussy in a nearly desperate ache. “I’ll be … right back,” she managed.

Kiri left her comlink sitting on a hovertray and padded into Stark’s bedroom. A single glowlamp came to life, the soft light swirling in the beautiful globe. The big bed waited, the broad expanse dark and inviting. Kiri looked around at the built-in cabinets of fine burlwood. A tall narrow one had been fitted into the space beside the far side of the bed.

Her hearting thudding with excitement, she walked around the bed and opened the door. The cupboard had a series of drawers. She chose one at random and frowned, bewildered. On a bed of charcoal velvet lay a group of balls of different sizes. They were translucent, and jostled by the opening of the drawer, they began to glow.

Kiri touched one hesitantly, and a warm current buzzed into her skin. She flinched. But the spark had not been truly painful, just startling. She touched another, smaller ball and received a lesser current. She pulled her hand away and eyed the larger balls with a mixture of fear and low, clenching excitement. Reminded her of drinking blue stars.

“You’ll enjoy those,” Stark said behind her.

Kiri whirled, feeling guilty as if she’d been caught in wrong-doing. “You followed me.”

The hovertray bearing her comlink floated a few feet away, and Stark smiled at her from the holovid, leaning back relaxed in his chair. “You disobeyed me. Since I’m not there to spank you, this is the next best thing. Now take off your bra.”

She glared at him for a moment, wanting to hurl the comlink across the room and see how he liked that. But his admiring gaze was like the current from the balls—it made her want to play, even through the sting of embarrassment.

“Do it, kitten.”

With him watching every move, Kiri unfastened her bra and let it slip from her arms. Under his gaze, her breasts tightened, her nipples peaking into hard points. Then she waited.

“Take the drawer out, and set it on the bed,” he ordered. “Then lie back on the bed. Legs open for me. Mm, that’s lovely. The panties are a tease.”

Kiri did as he instructed, and the hover table followed her, floating above her knees. She smoothed her hands nervously down her thighs. Her palms were damp, and her pussy was throbbing with need, her panties rasping against her labia like bonds.

“Now, take one of the smaller balls and slip it gently into your cunt.”

Her pussy spasmed. Her body was certain even if she wasn’t. She licked her lips. “Are you sure it won’t hurt?”

“It may sting just a little.” He pulled his robe open, and the holocam moved back so that she could see his cock, lying hard and flushed against his abdomen. “They’re electroplasm. Capable of conveying a current, but not enough to harm. Very pleasurable, I’m told. And it will please me very much to watch you.”

Other women had told him. How many other women had he watched do this, while he stroked himself with one hand as he was now, watching her with complete unselfconsciousness? Didn’t matter, she was here now. And she wanted him focused on her.

“Kiri.” His voice snapped her into action before thought. She leaned up on one elbow and reached into the drawer. Grasping one of the smallest balls, Kiri held it in her fingertips for a sec. The slight current and heat felt good. Her pussy clenched with excitement at the idea of feeling it inside her.

“Do you want to do it for me?” Stark asked, watching her face.

“Yes,” she admitted, heat flushing her cheeks and down across her chest.

“Yes,” he echoed, approval warming his eyes. “That’s my little cat.”

He watched as she reached down and stroked the ball inside her panties and down along her swollen, wet labia. It slipped inside with slick ease, and she pressed it deeper, thrusting her fingers inside herself. Inside her, the ball vibrated to life. Kiri moaned. “Logan, it’s m-moving.”

Heat, humming delicately inside her. She needed to come, needed to stroke herself.

“That’s just the current. Add another. The next larger one.”

Her hand shaking, Kiri selected the next larger ball and slipped it into her pussy with the other. More heat and more current. She whimpered, her eyes falling shut. It felt as if the balls were dancing slowly against each other. “Logan. They’re—they’re petting me.”

“Good. Would you like to come for me?”

Her eyes flew open. He was lying back in his chair, palming his cock languidly, a flush of color on his high cheekbones, his eyes hooded. He looked like a beautiful, decadent ruler, and she wished she were the one with her hands on his cock.

“Yes.” She wanted to come for him, wanted his eyes on her.

“Use your fingertips. Touch yourself very slowly.” Kiri did as he instructed. With her legs splayed open for him, she pulled the narrow band of the panties aside and stroked her fingertips into her wetness and up over her swollen clitoris. Pleasure gathered under her touch and inside her where the balls vibrated.

“Slowly,” he chided when her touch quickened.

“Oh, please,” Kiri choked, her voice husky in her dry throat. “I need to ... faster.”

“Hmm. Will you wear the belt for me? To a social function, I think.”

“Yes,” she whimpered. She’d promise him anything, if only he’d let her come now.

“Very well. Touch yourself more quickly. Open your eyes. Look at me while you come.”

Gazing into his gray eyes, Kiri stroked fast, her fingers jerking over her clitoris and her hips moving, her feet arching, toes curling tight as the pleasure tightened until it imploded inside her, her pussy spasming deliciously around the balls. She showed him every nuance of her joy. And part of it was surrendering to him.

She let her head drop back and a husky laugh bubbled up, catching in her throat. “That was so weird.” But delicious. Her body hummed with pleasure.

“Oh, you’re not finished, kitten.”

Kiri opened her eyes. He was still stroking himself, harder now, his cock glistening with ointment from the small bottle that stood on the table beside him.

“You’re going to come for me again,” he told her. “Take the largest ball. Now, Kiri.”

The ball sat in her hand, heat shimmering through her palm and up her arm. Whoa, this one was powerful and a little scary. Blue Stars.

“Put it in your panties.”

“That won’t fit inside me.” And she was not going to try. It would hurt, and she did not do pain. At least she was pretty sure she didn’t. “Can’t I just watch you now?”

“You’re not done. Lodge it against your clitoris. The panties will hold it there.”

Kiri slipped the ball into her panties, where it perched on her mons. She snickered. “It looks like I have a little penis in there.”

“Not from here,” he assured her, his voice rough. “You look like a lovely, sensual creature being fucked by light.”

The ball was glowing. Heat flowed from it, and it began to vibrate subtly, as if reacting to her skin. She moaned as the heat crackled softly against her swollen clitoris, and the smaller balls answered inside her.

“Beautiful,” he approved. “Intense, isn’t it?”

“Yes,” she gasped. “Oh! The current’s getting stronger. It stings. Logan, I need—” She didn’t know what she needed, only that she was going to come again, in spite of the sting, or maybe because of it. “You. I wish you were here with me.”

“Take the two medium balls,” he said, his voice hoarse. “I want you to stroke your nipples with them.”

“I need to come,” she groaned. And then she needed to get the balls away from her.

“You’ll come when I tell you. You’re mine, little cat.”

She looked into his eyes. “Yes.” In this moment she was, as surely as if he were in the room with her, holding her physically. She touched the two remaining balls to her nipples. The balls seemed to ignite each other. Sharp prickles of pain and pleasure arced through her, from her nipples, across her skin, and deep inside her pussy, and out along her clitoris. She whimpered, on the edge of orgasm, on the edge of bolting. “Logan!”

“Now,” Stark said. “Come for me, Kiri.” His voice was like a velvet whip, cracking through her. She came so hard a scream ripped from her throat.

At last the current died and let her fall back, spent.

She let the balls fall from her hands and cupped her breasts. They felt tender, almost bruised. Wincing, she pushed the ball away from her panties and then sat up. She wrinkled her nose. The other two were still inside her like a naughty secret, but at least they were quiet now

Stark lay back in his chair, his robe closed again, that warm light in his eyes, a smile on his mouth for her. “Thank you, kitten.”

She blushed, her face and chest burning. Then the absurdity of the situation struck her, and laughter bubbled up again. When his eyes twinkled, she laughed even harder. It felt good, a release of the tension of being coaxed into putting on his private sex show. He’d talked her into playing with toys that were as painful as they were pleasurable, and he wasn’t even here, not really.

“I wanted to watch you, too,” she complained, curling onto her side, hugging a pillow since she couldn’t hold him.

He smiled at her over his coffee mug. “I enjoyed myself. An unforgettable performance.”

A performance. That stung in a different way. Kiri wrapped her arms more tightly around the pillow, kicking the largest ball away as it rolled against her leg. “You are deleting this link, right?”

He took another drink of coffee. “If you were here, you wouldn’t have to worry about that, would you? Now, I’ve a meeting, and I find I need another shower-dry. Stay out of trouble for the rest of the day, hmm?”

“Stark! The link.” She would not be just another sex show for him.

He shook his head. “Stop worrying, kitten. What happens between us is private, unless we decide differently. Now, there’s another gift waiting for you. On your work station.”

Kiri eyed him suspiciously.

“An employment agency,” he told her with a smirk that told her he knew exactly what she’d been thinking. “They’re at your disposal. The employment rosters are easily accessible so you can find someone you like.”

“Thank you,” she managed. “I haven’t forgotten my promise.”

He nodded. “Good. Because I never forget any promise made to me.”

She believed him, and that he would use this to manipulate and manage his businesses and people. Stark reality.

“Call Natan for anything else you want. And don’t leave the penthouse without Rak, hmm?”

Kiri nodded. That was easy enough—she hated riding the airbuses. Being piloted in a fancy new slider was starry, and she liked Rak.

The holovid winked out, leaving her there alone in the quiet of his bedroom, surrounded by the detritus of sex play with Stark.

She slipped off the bed, unease prickling through her in a sting that echoed the balls. Logan Stark could talk her into nearly anything, it seemed. She needed to be very careful of that.





 19

Kiri’s new work station was small, sleek and fast. It answered even whispered voice commands and brought up flat or holovid images of clarity that made her laugh with delight.

She had several messages waiting in her virtual mailbox. She leaned her chin on her hand and scrolled through the hololinks. Most were sales, two were from casual friends who’d seen her on the news and wanted details, and two were important enough to answer immediately. She began with the link from her coffee supplier and friend, Illyria Tate.

A pretty blonde in a neat business suit appeared on the holovid, sitting in a small office, a steaming mug of coffee at her elbow. A window behind her revealed a large space that Kiri knew was her warehouse. A hoviecart zipped by, piled high with bags of beans.

“Kiri,” the woman said, her big brown eyes soft with concern. “Are you all right? Saw you on the news, and your stand was closed when I went by to check on you today.”

“Hi, Illyria. Things have been … a bit weird.” Kiri filled the woman in on the broad details of the murder, losing her apartment.

Illyria’s look of concern deepened. “Do you need credit? I could help you.”

Kiri shook her head. “Don’t wanna get you in trouble.”

Illyria flushed. “I have credit of my own. Father doesn’t control that.”

“Thanks, but I’m fine,” Kiri insisted. She explained about meeting Stark, and his rescue.

“Stark? Logan Stark?” The other woman leaned so far forward Kiri worried she would fall over her desk. “LodeStar Enterprises’ Logan Stark?”

Kiri nodded. Wow, Stark was famous in certain circles.

Illyria let out a shriek of delight, tossing back her blonde curls. “Oh, I can’t believe it. And he rescued you, you’re with him now, he’s—oh, I can’t believe it. This is so-oo moonbeamish! And you look starry, by the way. Love that little sweater, is that spider lace?”

Kiri could feel herself blushing, but she grinned. “Um, yeah.” She stroked her hand down over her clinging gold top and leggings. “So the good news is, I have credit to buy coffee.”

“Wonderful, although next time you tell me you don’t have the credit and we’ll work something out, understood?”

Kiri nodded, her heart swelling. “Understood.”

Illyria nodded. “So dish—what’s Stark like? Is he as, um, hot as he appears? I’ve seen him at city business functions.”

Kiri just smiled. She was not talking about Stark and sex in the same conversation.

But her expression was evidently enough. The blonde sighed, one hand to her bosom.

“Fabulous. So many men are all show and no substance. Like a decaffeinated bean, you know?” Her arching brows lowered, indicating she might be thinking of one man in particular.

Then she tossed her hair back again. “I suppose we’d better get back to business. How can I help you?”

With great satisfaction, Kiri placed an order for a supply of Pangaean coffee, both light and dark. Illyria nearly burbled with joy at Kiri’s interest in the more expensive products, and when she invoked Stark’s name for the bill, the woman promised a delivery that very afternoon of a better grade of beans, along with a top-grade variety Kiri simply had to try.

Kiri hesitated, and then interrupted the woman’s effusive plans. “Thanks, Illyria, but I don’t think it’d be very wise for me to go top grade. My customers can’t afford that.”

“Sweetie,” the other woman breathed. “With Stark behind you, you can afford to move. Rent space in the newest, best area of the space port. Give those MoonPenny bastards a run for their credit.”

Kiri raised her brows. The woman was practically bristling, her brown eyes as hot as the brew she sipped as she waited for Kiri to answer.

“I take it the owner wasn’t interested in your product,” Kiri guessed.

Illyria snorted, taking another drink of coffee. “Marc Moon? Smooth bastard. Not only did he refuse to talk business, he then proceeded to proposition me.”

“For sex?” He’d put the moves on during a sales call? No way.

“Whaddya think?”

“Wow. That’s low,” Kiri murmured. But also easy to believe. Illyria was very pretty, and she had a great figure, much more voluptuous than Kiri’s own. “So what did you say to him?”

The blonde’s eyes narrowed with satisfaction over her cup. “I shoved my large sample bag of top-grade fresh-roasted Pangaean dark coffee beans in his sculpted abs and told him to fuck that, because he’d never have me.”

“Oh, wow,” Kiri breathed. “Wish I could’ve seen that.”

“I was pretty good,” Illyria agreed. “But, I not only didn’t get the contract, I pissed off the owner of the largest chain of coffee stands in New Seattle, so all in all …” She waggled her hand as if balancing scales. “My father is not going to be happy.”

“Totally worth it,” Kiri assured her. “Your reply will reign in the annals of womankind forever.”

Illyria smiled crookedly. “Thanks. I needed that. And on the upside, when you open your huge chain of competing stands, you’ll buy all your beans from me, right?”

“Absolutely. Illyrian Bean is my supplier, no matter what.”

“Excellent. I’ll have your product to you in a few hours. Where shall I have them delivered?”

Kiri gave her Stark’s address. They said goodbye. Next, Kiri spent a little time perusing advertisements for several other upscale coffee purveyors, including the wildly successful MoonPenny chain.

Illyria was right, if she wanted to upgrade seriously, she’d have to move. She allowed herself to daydream a bit about keeping her small shop open for the discount travelers and those who needed an occasional free coffee, and opening a large, glossy, upscale stand in the newer section of space port near the LodeStar commercial docks.

Lot of wealthy travelers on and off Stark’s ships. Heck, maybe they could even subsidize a coffee and soup kitchen in the poor end of the port.

Her new comlink was programmed with Logan’s link as well as Jasmine, Maitresse, and a few others she didn’t recognize. Should have known—the man had a mind like a computer, ranging far and fast, taking care of things she hadn’t had time to realize she might want.

She took great pleasure in erasing the link to Maitresse. She wouldn’t be shopping at that spiteful bitch’s store any more.

Then she looked at the second link waiting in her virtual mail. She rose from her chair, and paced restlessly to the windows to look out at the dark, foggy day, leaning her forearms on the window glass. The cold seeped through the lace covering her arms. She’d need more credit for that one and she wasn’t sure how much Stark would let her borrow.

But Stark had family, brothers anyway. He’d understand why she needed the credit, wouldn’t he? She hated asking him for it. They’d agreed on the loan for her business, but this was another matter entirely. And if she waited until she had the credit herself, it might be too late.

It might already be too late, hissed an all too familiar voice inside her. She felt the brush of wings beginning to unfurl inside her, and shoved away from the window, turning to pace back and forth the length of the big room. Quark, if she were really the cat Stark liked to call her, she’d pounce on the fear and rip its head off with her teeth and claws.

She couldn’t do that, but she would not let fear win. Kai was out there, somewhere. And she was going to find him.

She flung herself back into her chair, and concentrated fiercely on the work at hand. This she could do right now, concrete and definite. She’d deal with the rest later.

Bringing up the holodisplay of the employment agency, she stared at the soothing, professional smiles of the reps. Logan Stark thought of everything. And he wanted to control everything. If she accepted an employee from the agency he’d directed her toward, how did she know that person wouldn’t really be working for Stark, instead of her? She didn’t.

She curled her legs up into the chair, and wrapped her arms around her knees. Logan Stark had powerful charisma, and he knew it. He’d compelled her from the sec she met him. She couldn’t walk away from him now—she craved him and his outrageous sexual play, even more than she wanted his credit.

But she had to keep her guard up. He knew too much about her as it was, even her association with Tal. Not that Kiri wanted to continue to associate with the ganger, especially after last night, but she chose her own friends.

Kiri scowled at the computer. It wasn’t that she didn’t trust Stark on a personal level, because she did. But give him a chance, and he’d take her over like a business, managing her life as was most convenient for him, until he tired of her. Stark reality—simply arrange everything the way he wanted it.

Who could she trust who was unconnected with him? She had friends, but they all worked, some of them off planet for much of the time. She could think of one person who was always around and who could use a comfortable post.

She made the call. Kiri smiled at the familiar face on her hololink. “Maury, I’ll be opening my stand this afternoon. Would you come and have a coffee with me?”



***



Rak picked her up in the slider. Kiri sat beside him, wondering if she’d have a chance for the newness of sliding about in a small private craft to wear off. She watched Rak manipulate the controls with calm expertise.

“I really would love to learn to fly one of these,” she commented.

He cornered them around an industrial block, following another craft, and avoiding an airbus lumbering along in the lane just below. “Have to talk to Mr. Stark about that.”

Kiri shrugged, accepting that. She was in Stark’s world, everything flowed through him.

It was fun now diving down to the private docks at the space port. Kiri watched the dock with the big star glimmering above it grow clearer through the dirty fog. “There’s Stark’s dock,” she realized. She’d been flown in and out of here before in his cruiser.

“Yup. LodeStar,” Rak said.

She watched with fascination as they hovered over the platform, and then landed lightly, and taxied in under the graceful awning. Rak stopped the slider right at the end of the podway, and the hatch slid open, revealing the walkway.

“Got something for you,” he said, reaching into a cubby on the dash.

Kiri took the small device. It looked like a silver-toned tube of lip gloss but heavier.

“What is it?”

“A shocker. Keep it with you at all times. Anyone gets too close that you don’t like the look of, you pretend you’re gonna pretty up. But for the Great God’s sake, don’t touch this round end to your own skin. You touch them with it, and I promise you, they’re going down.”

“Starry.” She examined it. “Press this part here?”

“No, twist it. That way it can’t be zapping you by accident in your pocket. You got pockets, don’t you?” He eyed her soft black knit leggings and gold fitted top with misgivings.

Kiri grinned. So much for sex appeal—he just wanted to know if she could hide weapons.

“I do.” She examined the shocker and then tucked it into the pocket hidden in the seam of her top.

“Okay. Let’s go,” he said. “I got your beans. I’ll bring them and then go take care of some other business. I won’t be too far away. You link me when you’re ready to go.”

Kiri walked onto the concourse with nerves pinging. Her lessons in self-defense and carrying the shocker reminded her sharply that danger could come from any direction.

She half expected to find news cameras or crowds dawdling. Instead, there were only the usual throngs of passengers passing to and fro. The bar across the way was open, although the gambling kiosk was still shuttered.

Rak stowed her bags of coffee beans and then stood by as she powered up her coffee machine. She ground some of her new coffee beans and poured them in to brew.

Illyria had included a gift of new disposable mugs with Illyrian Bean’s logo emblazoned on one side, Kiri’s Kaffe on the other. Kiri set them proudly in the racks, ready to grab when customers ordered.

Rak stood on the other side of her counter, legs spread, arms crossed as she worked.

“You don’t go anywhere else without me,” he reminded her gruffly.

“Hey, I’ve had this place for over a year. And today the area’s crawling with heroes.” Kiri waved her hand airily at the open bar across the concourse, where a trio of InterGalactic Space Forces pilots sat with mugs of ale. One of them smiled at Kiri, and his companions turned to look. She smiled back, because the pilots might come over and buy a coffee after they were finished drinking. She wished Rak would stop the lecturing. He was creeping her out, and she had a business to run.

Rak was not finished. “There are no nice areas on this damn planet, ‘specially not in this old area of the port. And with all the rioting, you never know. Slavers have been sniffing around, too.”

“I know they have, believe me. I’ll be fine here.” Kiri opened her refrigerator unit to check on her supply of soy creamer. Good, she had some vanilla, some sweetnut, and even gremel fruit. She didn’t understand how anyone could put fruit flavor in their coffee, but it sold, so she kept it on hand.

Straightening, Kiri waved a cheerful hand around her stand, showing that she had her coffee machine running, and she was ready to work. “You want a coffee?” she asked. “My new stuff is pretty good. Bet you like sweetnut creamer.”

“Drink my coffee black.”

“Got it.” She poured him a large cup, snapped cover on and handed it over.

“Thanks. How much?”

She gave him a look. “No charge for my fight instructor.”

He didn’t smile, but she was sure she saw a slight softening in his weathered face. “Thanks. Stay put.”

Coffee in hand, he stepped on a lift and zipped up to the hoverway. As soon as his gray-clad figure was out of sight, Kiri walked back out onto the concourse with her own coffee and stood out of the way of traffic, under the hoverway.

She sipped her coffee, which was very good, rich and dark, mellowed by the soy creamer. So good, in fact, that for a moment she worried Illyria had somehow mixed up her order and shipped top-grade beans. Then she shook her head. The supplier was too good a businesswoman to make that mistake.

She studied her kiosk, imagining the improvements she was going to make. Not too much, but definitely a new holovid sign, larger than the one she had now and with some rich, bright colors. And maybe a new rack for snacks and baked goods, so customers got an eyeful of irresistible confections.

To the left of her kiosk ran a solid wall, with port infrastructure behind it. On the right an empty shop, larger than hers, was closed and barred. If only the space had a business in it that would attract more customers to stop, shop and then have a coffee.

Perhaps if her upgrade was successful, another business would be attracted to the area. She caught a glimpse of movement in the shadowed depths of the space and paused to watch. Starry, maybe someone was looking it over now. Weird they didn’t have the lights on, though.

Maybe she should call the port police. Yeah, and wouldn’t they be glad to hear from her. Shuddering at the thought of having to deal again with a skeptical helmet, Kiri strode back into her shop and busied herself powering up her coffee machine and creating a new, just slightly higher price list.

Maury appeared with her cart just as Kiri was pouring herself a second cup of the new brew.

The older woman leaned one elbow on the counter and inhaled. “That smells good.”

Kiri grinned. “It should, it’s a better grade. What flavor will you have?”

“Sweetnut, please.” Maury folded up the handle of her cart and flipped up a seat. She perched on it with a sigh, tucking her wrap around her. “Ah, that feels good.”

Kiri handed her a steaming mug of coffee liberally laced with creamer. “How would you like a job that didn’t involve so much walking?”

Maury took a sip of hot coffee and hmmed with surprised pleasure. “My, that is tasty.” She regarded Kiri curiously over her cup. “What sort of position?”

“Running this place.”

The older woman’s lovely, tired eyes widened. “Oh, my.”

Within a short time, the two women had decided on a mutually satisfying trial business deal. Maury would learn the coffee business and, if after a few weeks both of them were happy, take over running the stand for Kiri at least part time, with the right to sell her curios on one small display rack. In return, Kiri would allow Maury to train her niece Fava to help in the stand.

If it worked out, they’d begin keeping the stand open continuously. Business was slower at night, but if they built a rep as always there for the weary traveler, it might pick up. Kiri didn’t share her dream that someday they’d even compete with MoonPenny. That was for later—much later.

Kiri would furnish Maury and Fava with new smocks. Since Stark was paying their wage, Kiri felt able to offer a good one. They would also talk to the bakery on the next concourse about stocking some of their less-expensive treats.

“My niece is very artistic,” Maury said. “Perhaps a new logo …?”

Kiri nodded. “She’s welcome to try.”

Maury toasted her with her cup. “Thank you, my dear. You’ve no idea what this means to me. My nephew is just out of trade school and unemployed. He can take over my cart business.”

“Thank Stark.” Kiri nodded wryly at the holovid unfolding over the center of the concourse, where Stark and his phalanx of pilots stood tall, conquerors of space. “I find myself doing that a lot lately.”

Maury twinkled. “I’ll bet you do.”

Kiri blushed.

Maury walked away with a determined set to her thin shoulders and a spring in her step. Kiri smiled to herself. She was not only getting an employee she could trust, but Stark’s credit would make Maury’s life easier.

Time to use his credit again. She activated her comlink. “Sam Finder,” she said.





 20

A man smiled into Kiri’s holocam. His clothing was neat but faded, his thinning hair a grayed blond.

The holovid came to life, with the same man facing her from a dark background shimmering with the glaring colors of a gambling den. He looked tired, rumpled, and somewhat irritated to be disturbed. “Ms. te Nawa? What is it?”

Kiri stared at him. “Mr. Finder? Where are you?”

He looked chagrined, then shook his head. “Ah, following up a lead for a client. My work takes me many places, you know that.”

She nodded. He’d shared with her over the years some of the unsavory places he’d been, chasing leads for her.

“What can I do for you, young lady? You know I can’t, ah, continue to work for you without more credit on your account. I’m sorry, but I have to make a living.”

Kiri waved her hands, brushing aside his concern. “I know, you kept working long after my credit was gone. But I have more, enough for you to travel to Serpentia. Remember you thought perhaps Kai had been taken there?”

He stared at her. “You do? I—I mean, yes, I did. And that’s great.” He glanced around surreptitiously and then got to his feet. “Let’s take this outside. I’ll link back soon.”

“Okay.”

Kiri blew out a frustrated breath. She understood he didn’t want to talk about a private case where others might hear, but after waiting this long, she wanted instant action.

As she waited, she watched the space port passengers traversing the concourse. A human family passed by, luggage cart close behind them. A father, mother and two children, each with their hands securely held by a parent. As they passed, the younger boy pulled on his mother’s hand, pointing at a bright holovid of toys further along. The mother held tightly to his hand, shaking her head. But the man said something that made both boys laugh.

Kiri watched them until they disappeared. Her hands hurt, and she looked down. She was gripping them together so hard they were bloodless and aching. With an exclamation that was nearly a sob, she uncurled them and flexed them, working out the soreness.

This time, she promised herself. This time, her search would get results. Sam Finder would live up to his name and find Kai. She refused to believe otherwise. And then they’d be a family again, at least the two of them.

“Ah, at last,” said a stout woman, stopping on the other side of Kiri’s counter. “Coffee—the largest one you have. I’ve been up for twenty hours and another flight to catch.”

“Right away,” said Kiri, already pulling the largest disposable cup and sliding it under the spout of her machine. “Flavor?”

“I’ll have that sweetnut. Mind you put plenty in. No skimping.” The woman paid her new price without batting an eye, and Kiri smiled at the two Barillians who stepped up as soon as the woman walked away. Caffeine was a universal need.

“Two large gremel crèmes.”

“Great choice,” she approved politely. “Enhances the flavor of the Pangaean light perfectly.”

She slid into her patter and for the next hour, served tired, grumpy customers coming off one of the big discount flights. Rak appeared, and she poured him another cup without being asked.

“Thanks.” He took an appreciative sip. “How much longer you gonna be?”

“Give me another half hour.” Nearly her usual closing time.

He nodded. “I’ll wait over there.” He indicated a bench under the hoverway near a cluster of faux plants

Finder linked back, and Kiri walked into the back corner of her stand to speak with him. She didn’t need passersby or Stark’s pilot hearing her private business.

The detective was in an old slider now. He looked even paler than usual, and though he smiled professionally, his eyes were tight as if he were in pain.

“Are you okay?” she asked.

“I’ll be fine. Just a bit of a dustup with the, uh, security at the club.”

“Did you call the police?” she asked. “They can’t treat citizens like that.”

“No, no,” he assured her bravely. “When I’m on a case, I have to be willing to take my hard knocks. Anything for my clients. Now, about your renewed credit.”

Kiri nodded. “I have plenty. And I want you to follow up that lead you told me about.”

His eyes widened. “You want me to go to Serpentia?”

She nodded again, triumphant at his look of respect. “I do.”

He nodded back eagerly. “That’s grand. I can, er, leave tomorrow, in fact. Best to leap on the tail of the comet, as it were.”

“Link me where to send the credit.”

“I will.” The investigator looked at her, his weary face softening. “You are a remarkable young woman, Ms. te Nawa. We’ll find him this time.”

“Okay.” As she broke the link, Kiri swallowed to tamp down the wild hope that flooded her. Too soon for that, much too soon. She’d done what she could, now she’d stay busy building up her business, so that she’d be ready.

And Stark would be home in—she consulted her link—four hours. She smiled to herself. Oh, yeah. That she was definitely ready for.



***



Back on the Arcturus, his business in New Asia concluded, Stark accepted a moon brandy from Opal and checked his comlink. There were several link requests waiting.

Stark linked Bronc Berenson first. The big man sat in a slider, a landing pad visible behind him.

“Bronc. What do you have for me?”

“Sir. Found out who owns the New Seattle club where the ex-soldiers were shanghaied. Place called The Flash.”

“I’ve heard of it. Who owns it?”

“Ganger who’s done real well for himself. Darkrunner, Tal Darkrunner.”

Stark set his glass down hard enough that the hovertray beside him wavered, the brandy sloshing in the glass. Anger and something else, a slick tendril of unease fought in his gut.

Berenson waited, his gaze not missing a thing.

“I want to talk to him, as soon as you can set it up.”

Berenson nodded. “Yes, sir.”

Stark held up one hand in a gesture to wait. He had nothing to gain by keeping secrets from his security chief. The man was like a cerametal safe—he would no more reveal confidential information than he would try to fly without a slider.

“Darkrunner and I have … a mutual acquaintance.” He related Kiri’s recent encounter with the ganger, and what he knew of her past history with the ganger.

The two men exchanged a long look.

“I need to know if he is involved in this,” Stark said. “If he’s profiting from slave running, I want him taken down, hard.” Slavers were among the most despicable creatures in the universe, and if he had the chance to put even one out of business, he’d celebrate. Thank God his people had saved at least a few beings from a hellish fate.

“You and me both, sir. Are you … concerned that she may be involved?”

“Not really,” Stark said, and meant it. “I believe I know her character. But I’d be a fool not to have you follow this connection.”

“I understand. I’ll be discreet.”

“I know you will. Get back to me as soon as you have anything.”

“You can count on it, sir.”

Stark broke the link. He reached for his brandy and drained it in one gulp. It burned down his throat and settled in his gut, warming his insides.

He shook his head at his own doubts. He was an excellent judge of character—hard won through years of reading business opponents and potential associates. Kiri was not Adora Crest, just a woman who’d had a series of hard knocks in her life and done the best she could. So she had one past lover who was unsavory—he did as well.

He answered the link from Haassea next. His mood already bleak, he was not pleased with what she had to say.

After soothing her ruffled scales, he linked Rak.

“Trouble?” Stark asked dryly. “Let me guess, Ms. te Nawa.”

“Not sure, sir,” Rak replied. “Just thought you’d want to know, she used some of your credit to pay a private investigator. Overhead her when I arrived at her coffee stand this evening.”

Stark scowled. He wanted to throw back his head and roar in sheer frustration. What would his unruly little cat want with an investigator? Was she trying to solve the Vulpean’s murder or some other reckless scheme? “Do you know why?”

“No, but she bought him a ticket on a flight to Serpentia. He flies out tomorrow morning.”

What the seven hells could Kiri want on Serpentia? Galactic flights were expensive, even on the discount lines. “Have our people get everything they can on him.”

“Figured you’d say that, sir. Already on it.”

“Thanks. Keep an eye on her.”

Rak nodded, shifting uncomfortably. “She’s a nice girl. Hard worker.”

The hardened warrior was not cut out to be a spy. Guardian, yes.

“This is for her protection,” Stark reminded Rak. “Trouble … has a way of finding her. The more I know about her activities, the better chance I have of keeping her safe.”

“I’m giving her self-defense lessons.”

“Excellent.” Or at least so Stark hoped. Perhaps everyone around her should now don high-tech armor. He was beginning to think she was a loose laser charge.

The pilot grimaced. “She asked if I’d teach her to fly the slider next.”

“I think not. Perhaps when we’re on a planet with less traffic.” Or when she settled down a great deal.

The pilot sighed with relief. “Yes, sir.”

Stark signed off and leaned back in his seat, rubbing the bridge of his nose with thumb and forefinger. At the moment he felt more like a warden than a man with a new mistress. This was one of the reasons why he let very, very few beings close. Business, he could control. People were much more difficult.

Beginning tonight, he was going to make very, very sure a certain little cat made all this trouble worth his while.





 21

Kiri showered and dressed with Chaz Jaguari singing and dancing on her holovid. She danced her way across the quiet of her bedroom and into the closet to choose an ensemble for the evening. She was tired, but she felt good. She’d opened her stand again, had the upgrade underway, and she’d renewed her contract with Finder.

She took a sip of the sparkling wine Natan had left for her, and set her glass on the hovertable at her elbow. She smiled at the small table and amused herself leading it around in a circle with her arm. She was getting spoiled.

Hmm, what to wear when a sexy man was going to be taking her clothing off or at least commanding her to do so for his pleasure. She pressed her thighs together and smoothed her hands over her bare breasts, anticipating his touch there. Her pussy felt swollen and wet already.

She selected a pair of delicate gold lace undies but left the matching bra in the drawer. She didn’t need one just for the evening, and the gold spider lace knit dress hugged her body with clever bands of knit that just covered her breasts and hips. She toed into the soft gold flats and admired herself in the mirror, running her finger through her hair and then shaking her head at herself. Her eyes were huge in her flushed face.

A chime sounded, and a soft voice announced, “Main door, opening. Stark arriving.”

Kiri hesitated, her toes curling in her slippers. Should she saunter out slowly? Oh, quark it.

She dashed out into the living area, where Stark was standing by a table, divesting himself of his suit jacket, his back to her. She watched his broad shoulders appear and then his long back, covered in a charcoal fitted shirt.

She could hear muffled noises from the galley. Natan preparing dinner.

“Hi,” she said, her voice cracking.

Stark turned, his eyes narrowing as he looked her over. Excitement bursting, Kiri ignored his bleak expression to launch herself across the room and into his arms. She threw her arms around his neck and hiked her legs up around his hips, planting a kiss on his smooth cheek.

He staggered with the impact, and then his arms closed around her, and he took her mouth with his, hard. His tongue thrust into her mouth. Well, she’d asked for it, hadn’t she? Kiri curled her tongue around his, drinking in the taste of Stark, moon brandy and need.

One arm around her waist, his other under her ass, he hauled her tight against him and turned, carrying her across the room. His cock hardened, riding the soft notch of her labia as he walked.

Kiri tightened her legs on him, whimpering as need furled out from that spot. She swung through the air, and the leather divan hit her in the ass.

Stark pulled away just enough to look her in the eye, his own hooded, his face taut. “Such an enthusiastic greeting. I believe you missed me.” There was an edge to his voice that both frightened and thrilled her. What had she unleashed?

Perched on the back of the divan, she wrapped one leg around the back of his thighs, stroking his neck above his collar in feminine placation. “I did miss you.”

“Then let’s fix that,” he said, reaching between them to work his trousers.

“Your bedroom,” she gulped. “Natan’s here—”

Stark kissed her to shut her up, and when his cock slapped against her inner thigh like a hot, silken brand her pussy clenched with excitement and shock. He was going to have her right here, where Natan might walk out at any time and see them. But as Stark’s fingers slid under the edge of her panties in a slick caress, she moaned.

Stark positioned the head of his cock between the outer lips of her pussy and then paused there, lifting his head enough to look at her. “Now?” he asked, his hand sliding up to cup her breast through the dress and fondle her, his thumb flicking her nipple.

Kiri nodded, tilting her hips to bring him into her. Her heart was pounding, and if she didn’t get that hot, beautiful cock of his inside her, she was going to melt with sheer frustration.

He pinched her nipple, hard. “I can’t hear you, kitten.”

“Now,” she pleaded, not caring that her voice was hoarse, or that she was moving helplessly against him, her heels digging into his ass, his cock caressing her just lightly. “Now, Logan.”

He grunted with approval and then slid his arm down to cup her ass in his hand and thrust into her in one long, hard stroke. Kiri whimpered. It hurt to take him so fast, her pussy stretched around him, but it was also an exquisite relief to have him inside her, filling her.

“That’s right,” he said, his voice deep and harsh in her ear. “I’ll take you whenever and wherever and however I want, kitten.”

He moved, pulling out and then thrusting back in, raking every inch of her clinging channel, possessing her. Kiri clung to him, shaking with the pleasure as he set a swift, steady rhythm, rocking her on her perch. She couldn’t move, could only hang onto him and take what he gave her.

“My luggage will be arriving in a moment,” he told her, nipping her ear. “We may be seen.”

His voice sent her over the edge. Pleasure imploded inside her, the succulent strokes of his cock the most perfect sensation she’d ever known. A high moan burst from her throat, and Kiri came, exquisite contractions clasping him in secret.

He fucked her through it, his hands clamped on her bare ass.

“We have to move,” she gasped, dragging open her eyes.

“Oh, no,” he said. “I haven’t come yet.”

He watched her as he continued to thrust inside her. “That’s right. We’re not done until I fill you with my cum, little cat. No matter what happens, no matter who walks through that door. Do you understand?”

His face was flushed, his breathing hard, his eyes glittering. He was the most beautiful man Kiri had ever seen, ever touched. And understanding blossomed—he was going to lead her along sensual paths she’d never imagined. And she’d follow him.

“Yes, Logan.”

“You like this, don’t you? It gets you off, knowing someone may find me having you.”

Yes, she did, and that meant she was twisty, but she’d worry about that later. She wanted the whole world to know she was his. “Yes, Logan.”

She kissed him, and he thrust so powerfully their flesh slapped together, and she started to come again as a chime sounded, and the soft voice announced. “Main door opening. Luggage.”

Kiri whimpered with shock and Stark groaned, stiffening in her arms. Kiri buried her face against his chest, shivering with pleasure and shame as he moved slowly inside her, and she came and came around him, even as footsteps and voices sounded in the foyer to her right.

Stark let out a long breath. “Next time perhaps I’ll arrange an audience ahead of time.”

Kiri let out a squeak of humiliation, and he laughed, a deep rumble under her ear. “Kiri, look.”

She shook her head and then jerked in shock as he smacked her bottom sharply. “Look.”

He turned her head with his fingers against her cheek. An elegant screen of carved wood panels shielded the entryway. Beyond it, Natan’s voice mingled with that of another man. Then footsteps sounded again, and the galley door closed.

“They—they didn’t see us?”

“Perhaps. Or perhaps only Natan saw that we needed privacy.” He pulled out of her and she had to bite back a moan of disappointment at losing him. Apparently she didn’t do a good enough job, because his eyes lit with amusement. She was too rattled by the whole encounter to waste time worrying about that.

“I have to go ... freshen up,” she muttered.

He patted her bottom as she slid from her perch, leaning against it for a moment to steady her trembling legs. She watched him fasten his trousers and straighten his shirt, and he leaned down to kiss her. “Yes, go on. Natan will be here in a moment with drinks. Unless you’d rather wear my cum?”

Not when she was going to be vertical for the rest of the evening. She grabbed her panties from the floor and escaped his teasing smile, hurrying into her lav to deal with the ravages of hot sex. Her panties were ruined, so she threw them in the recycler. After cleaning up, she slipped into a fresh pair.

Back in the sitting area, Stark stood by the window, a drink in his hand. Kiri walked to join him. She leaned against the window and smiled demurely.

“Hello, dear, how was your day?”

“It certainly has had moments.” He handed her a glass from the hovertray. She sniffed. A pear blossom. “You’ve been busy while I was gone.”

She wasn’t quite sure what to make of the look in his eye. “Yes. I hired someone to work my coffee.”

He raised his brows inquiringly.

“Maury,” she said. “You met her when—well, at the space port authority station.”

“Ah. You didn’t use the employment agency. Is your friend qualified?”

“She’ll do fine.”

The galley door chimed, and Kiri hid behind her drink as Natan appeared with the salad tray. She felt her cheeks heating and peeped at him quickly, then away. However, Stark’s butler smiled serenely as he set the small table for them with plates of bright salad and a basket of steaming rolls. “Welcome home, sir.”

“Thank you, Natan. Did the special package arrive with my luggage?” Stark held out his arm, indicating she should precede him, and Kiri walked to the table, clutching her drink like a talisman.

Natan bowed. “Yes, sir. Where would you like me to place it?”

“In my bedroom. Unpack it, please. We’ll want it later.”

“Very good, sir. Enjoy your salads.”

Kiri slipped into her chair and set her drink aside, looking at the carefully arranged spray of fresh greens and cured olives on her plate. She wasn’t sure she was going to be able to eat a bite, with the butterflies in her belly. Quarking weird having a servant around all the time.

“Eat,” Stark said mildly, and she picked up her fork, stabbing randomly. She put a plump green olive in her mouth and chewed. It was good, mellow and salty, with some piquant herb in the center. She tried a bite of lettuce, and that was good too. She attacked her salad with gusto.

“Was your trip a success?”

“It was.” He forked up some greens. “I’m selling off some of my holdings here.”

Finished with her salad, she set down her fork and picked up the warm, flaky roll he had given her. “Because of the rioting?” What if he moved away entirely, and she never saw him again? She set the bread down.

“Eat your roll. I’m simply consolidating. Part of business is knowing what to get rid of and what to keep.”

Natan appeared with soft red wine and plates of steaming pasta in red sauce. The pasta was plump with cheese and melted in her mouth. While they ate, Stark spoke idly of business, and asked her a few questions about what she planned for Kiri’s Kaffe. Cautiously at first, and then with growing enthusiasm, Kiri outlined her plans for upgrading the stand. He listened attentively and nodded.

“What, no advice from the business magnate?” she asked, leaning her chin on her palm.

“Not for your business,” he said. “It sounds as if you have sound ideas and a plan to carry them out.”

She frowned, uneasy. “Then what is it?” Something was wrong, she could tell.

He leaned back in his chair, turning his wine glass slowly, a remote look on his face.

“On a more personal level, you offended a very old friend, and I want to know why.”

She sat up straight, her shoulders tightening defensively. “What? Oh, you mean Haassea?”

He nodded imperiously.

Kiri growled under her breath, her hands fisting in her lap. “Your ‘old friend’ seems to be under the impression that—let me see, how did her lackey put it? I’m a little back-alley whore you picked up for a sex weekend, and they should dress me like one. Well, guess what? I’m not parading my ass around in see-through lace with glitter.”

“That was a mistake. The girl has been removed from staff.”

“Don’t care. Not going back there.”

Stark looked down at his wineglass. He lifted it and took a drink. Then he looked at her over his glass. “I am accustomed,” he said softly, “to having my instructions followed.”

Kiri bit her lip, the small pain distracting her from the chill in his voice. “So you’re allowed your pride but I’m not? Starry for you.” Her stomach knotted around her dinner.

“I think you’ll find your reception quite different this time, kitten. So sheathe your claws. My business means a great deal to Haassea. We’ll be socializing, and people will notice that you’re wearing her things.”

Kiri wanted to ask if the woman gave him a discount for having his whores advertise her clothing. But she swallowed the words along with the last of her wine, draining her glass and then saluting him with it. A mistake, as her stomach rebelled even further.

“Okay, you bet. Anything you say, boss.”

She was just another employee, after all. So she’d do what he ordered until her business took off. And then he could kiss her ass goodbye.

“You’ve an appointment tomorrow,” he said calmly. “And I expect you to behave as the lady I know you can be.”

“Oh, wow,” she breathed, shooting from her chair. “No more time to chat then. Gotta go watch an etiquette holovid.”

He held up his hand when she would have stormed away. “Kiri. Is there ... anything else you’d like to share with me?”

“Oh, quark no.” She batted her lashes at him, ignoring the odd, searching look in his eyes. “I wore some of my new pretty clothes and played with my little coffee stand.” And used his money to search for her heart’s desire, but damned if she’d share that with Mr. Galactic Mogul.

He shook his head, looking down at his drink. “I’ll see you later, then.”

Fine with her. Not like she wanted to sit around and gaze adoringly at him.



***



In the mistress room, the door shut behind her, Kiri let out a growl of irritation that echoed off the quiet walls and drapes. She wanted to smash something, preferably over his thick head. Arrogant man. And to think she’d been so happy to see him.

Too restless to sit with her angry thoughts, Kiri washed and donned a shell-pink nightgown and robe. She’d been after the least enticing set of nightwear, but there was no such thing in the collection of his mistresses’ leftovers, so she merely belted the robe tightly around her waist and stalked into the viewing room, where she brought up a holovid.

She was in the mood for something violent. Chaz Jaguari had a new action adventure out, in which he was trapped on Serpentia with a beautiful native girl, surrounded by space pirates. That would do nicely. Maybe the pirates would murder a business mogul or two.

She fell asleep at the end of the holovid, but woke when she was lifted from her nest and borne in strong arms into Stark’s bedroom. She hadn’t been carried in ... years. Then she remembered she was angry at him. When he set her on her feet by his bed, she scowled sleepily.

“Go take over an unsuspecting planet or something.” She batted at his hands as he deftly untied her robe.

“I have my hands on the only acquisition I want at the moment.” He tugged at her nightgown and she hunched her shoulders protectively.

“I’m tired.”

“You’re angry, which is entirely a different matter. Now give me the damn gown or I’ll rip it off.”

“Go ahead, it’s yours.”

“Yes, and so are you, but I don’t want to hurt you. This lii silk is soft, but strong. Rather like you.”

With a huff of disgust, Kiri lifted her arms and let him pull the gown over her head. He did so, slowly, and then cocked his head, considering her. “You know, I think you need a small reminder of who’s in charge here,” he mused.

He sank onto the edge of the bed, still clothed, and patted his thigh. “Lie down. Here.”

She glared at him, her hands clenching. “No.”

He grinned, his teeth flashing white as he grabbed her arm and gave her a sharp tug. It didn’t hurt, but with her muscles tense she fell over like a statue, landing face down over his hard thighs. She struggled, letting out a screech, and he smacked her bottom with his palm, hard. The sound was loud in the quiet room, and it stung.

“Ow.” Her breath caught in her throat. “Logan Stark, you are a quarking tyrant.”

“Yes,” he agreed. “I am. And you are a recalcitrant little wild cat and I did promise you this.” He spanked her again, hitting both bare cheeks with a stinging blow.

“You’ve caused me a great deal of trouble.” Smack. “And so I’m going to take it out of your delectable—” smack “—twitching tail.” Smack.

“Hurts.” She fought the hot swell of hurt and indignation behind her eyes. She’d never been spanked before in her life.

He smacked her once more, but then he stroked gently over the stinging places he’d left, his touch now tender and soothing.

“I believe I’ve made my point.”

“I don’t like you,” she said, her voice thick.

“Yes, you do. You’re angry and you wanted a fight. I want something different.” He pulled back the covers, depositing her in the bed. Then he stood and yanked off his clothes. He was fully aroused, she saw as she turned to glare at him over her shoulder.

He bared his teeth at her. “There’s only one way through this, kitten,” he told her, yanking open the cupboard beside the bed and reaching into one of the drawers.”We’re going to fuck our way out.” Gah, that sounded like a bad holovid line—he was teasing her.

“I should never let you touch me again.” She turned her back on him. The bed moved under her as he knelt behind her.

Then she flinched as she felt his warm lips against her shoulder. He pressed a trail of soft kisses across her back, and down. “But you will.”





 22

“Mmm,” Stark murmured, tugging the covers down as he kissed the swell of her hip, and then her ass. “Mmm, so pretty and flushed. I may have to spank you more often. Seems the perfect way to tame a naughty wildcat.”

“You won’t.” She hated that it felt so good to have him kiss her there, and even better to have his warm hand stroke down her bare leg and urge her onto her back. And better still to have his warm kisses trail across the flat plane of her belly and into the soft curls on her mons. But if he thought he was going to tease her, she’d knee him.

He didn’t. He attacked her clitoris with expert flicks of his tongue, a quiet growl of approval in his throat as she shivered in his hands. But when she lifted up to him, begging silently for more, he stopped. Moving up over her, he raked her with the length of his cock, hard and throbbing again.

“Put me inside you, little cat,” he said, biting at her lower lip. She smelled her own scent on him, and she wanted him more than her next breath.

“Just fucking?” she taunted. “Sure that’s twisty enough for you?”

“You’re right. What was I thinking? Give me your hands.”

“Busy.” She curled her hand around his heat, and guided him into her sleek opening.

He thrust deep inside and stilled, waiting. She gave a growl of frustration. She needed him to move. He waited. She sighed loudly.

Slowly, Kiri lifted her arms, laying them on the pillow over her head. Stark’s eyes warmed as he grasped both her wrists in one hand.

Then something closed around them, soft and resilient, yet too strong to fight. She tipped her head back. The quarker—he’d used soft restraints on her. They coiled around her wrists like metallic golden snakes against her pale skin. She eyed him warily to see what else he planned.

Stark leaned on his elbow and surveyed her. “Beautiful. Thank you for reminding me. I purchased them especially for you.”

He bent to kiss her breasts, each in turn. Kiri lay under him, open and pliant. Gah, why did she give in to him every time? Stark came down over her, but he startled her by sliding his arms under the crooks of her knees and then moving forward so that his forearms were planted on the bed, and he held her wide open to him. It was disconcerting and embarrassing.

“Just right,” he approved.

“Logan.” She started to lift her arms.

“Would you prefer to have your legs constrained as well?” he asked politely. “If you’ve a preference for that, I have more restraints.”

He kissed her, soft, sipping kisses that made her forget her irritation with him.

“No?” he murmured. “Very well then.” He thrust into her, very slowly, so she squirmed with frustration to get him deeper, where she needed him.

“Do you want me deeper?” he asked.

“Yes,” she groaned. “Logan, let me loose, I want to hold you.”

“But that’s the point, kitten. You can’t. I have the control. All you can do is tell me what you need. Now, deeper?”

“Yes, damn you. Deeper.”

He flexed his hips, seating his cock so deep inside her she gasped.

Stark paused and kissed her again. “Now what, kitten?”

“Again. Please.”

“Such a polite kitten,” he approved. “I am yours to command. Just indicate your pleasure.”

Fury and arousal battled inside her. “Again,” she growled.

He thrust once more, long and sweet, and then stopped, smirking down at her.

Kiri realized that he was going to make her verbalize every single move. She was going to kill him—strangle him with his own stupid, quarking restraints. But first, he was inside her, an instrument of exquisite pleasure waiting for her use, and she needed what he had to give.

“Again,” she demanded. “Again, again, again …” To her chanted, breathless rhythm, Stark began to fuck her in earnest, long, hard, swift strokes of his magnificent cock, until she forgot everything but how good it was.

When she came, pleasure imploding around him until she moaned his name, he bowed in her arms and gave a hoarse shout of pleasure. Heat flooded her, and he relaxed, weighing her into the bed. Their hearts pounded together for a long moment before he withdrew slowly, his cum a hot spill on her inner thighs.

He slipped the restraints off and pressed a kiss to each of her wrists. Then he rolled onto his side and pulled her close, pressing a kiss to the top of her head. “My sweet little cat. You please me very much.”

With the weight of his strong arm draped over her, his heart beating under her ear, she basked in his praise, pushing away the guilt at submitting to him so completely. So she was as twisty as he was—she’d worry about that tomorrow.



***



Kiri walked into the elegant pastel foyer of Maitresse the next day with her head high. A young Serpentian she’d never seen before bowed politely and led her back to the dressing rooms. There were other clients looking at clothing, women with the ageless beauty that wealth could buy, and several employees working, all clad in the fitted cream smocks with the signature ‘M’ on one shoulder. Taara was nowhere in sight. Perhaps she was in one of the dressing rooms.

Haassea herself was waiting for Kiri in the small sitting room. Once again a pot of tea and small tray of treats awaited, this time airy beige scrolls dusted with sugar. The Serpentian looked up as Kiri walked in, and although she smiled with perfect grace, for some reason the hair on the back of Kiri’s neck stood up. This might be a truce, but it was an armed truce.

Kiri sank onto the divan across from the Serpentian, crossed her legs, and waited. Quarked if she’d be rushed into some gauche utterance.

Haassea leaned forward to lift the tea pot and poured two cups. She handed one to Kiri, who took it, but shook her head at the graceful offer of the sweets. She took a careful sip of tea.

“Logan was so disappointed that you weren’t able to find anything you liked here,” the Serpentian said smoothly.

So they were going to play it that way. Kiri looked the other woman in the eye. “I was very disappointed in the selection I was offered.”

Haassea made a moue of regret. “That was unfortunate. I can assure you it won’t happen again.”

Kiri raised a brow. If she spoke, she’d just say something else to irritate Stark.

Haassea’s eyes twinkled with humor. Despite her anger, Kiri relaxed a little. The woman was certainly charming. No wonder Stark had sponsored her.

“I see from your ensemble today that you like things with a bit of dash.” Haassea tipped her head to one side, looking over Kiri’s slim leggings of deep chocolate, and matching high-neck sleeveless top. Her poppy throw lay across the divan behind her. On her feet were a pair of short chocolate boots with tassels. “I think we can find you several things you’ll like. And of course, a few gowns.”

“Gowns?” Kiri took a sip of hot tea, hoping the motion hid her shock. Stark wanted to dress her in evening wear?

Haassea’s arching brows lifted. “Of course. You do realize that Logan is a very wealthy man. He attends the finest functions here and on the other planets where he has homes.”

Of course he did. Quark, why couldn’t she have hooked up with a man who was a simple business owner like herself? Of course then they could have had a fine affair, but he wouldn’t have had the credit to invest in her business and hire Finder again without blinking an eye.

Kiri managed a smile. “He did mention we’d be traveling a great deal.” Not that she wanted to go, but she wasn’t going to admit that to this woman.

Haassea’s lashes veiled her eyes as she set her cup down. “Yes. Now, do come along and we’ll begin.”

Kiri rose. “I’m ready.” She didn’t like tea anyway.

She was disappointed to see that when they entered the large dressing room, already hung with garments, the attendant was a stranger.

“Sari will help you,” Haassea said, gesturing at the slender, dark young woman.

“Taara’s not here?” Kiri asked.

“Not today. I leave you in Sari’s hands. Do have her call me if there are any problems.”

She undulated from the room. Kiri thought back to the evening before. Taara hadn’t answered the comlink Kiri sent her, so Kiri had left a message. She hoped the bubbly blonde wasn’t ill.

Sari had all the personality of a droid, but she was very attentive.

Kiri loved clothing and shoes, and someday she’d like to have jewelry. She slipped into the ensembles Sari offered one after the other, taking several along with some black leggings and jacket to wear until her new smocks arrived. Stark had said he didn’t want her working, but their liaison wasn’t going to last forever. She had to be ready to slip back into her old life.

Then Sari swung out a new section of the floating racks. Kiri stared. Shimmering lengths of stardust and moonshine drifted in the breeze of movement.

Silently, hardly daring to touch it herself, Kiri allowed the attendant to wrap her in a slick column of gold fabric. The woman tugged at the fabric over Kiri’s hipbones and stepped away.

Kiri turned slowly, eyeing her reflection in the holovid mirrors. Her image moved with her, the fabric accentuating the curve of her breasts, nip of her waist and the swell of her ass, then clung to her legs. The neckline rested demurely just below her collarbone, but no one would label this garment modest. It left her arms and shoulders bare and hugged her graphically everywhere else, with diagonal slits in the fabric at the waist and above her breasts. She might as well be naked.

“Miss is lovely,” the attendant said, finally emerging from her shell enough to nod, her eyes gleaming.

Kiri glanced at her, her cheeks flushed. “You don’t think it’s too ...?”

“Oh, no. It is most alluring. Here are the shoes and the wrap.”

Kiri stepped into the metallic gold shoes, and admired her slender foot in the pointed toe. The shoes appeared to have been made of beaten gold, but they were soft on her bare feet.

The wrap was a float of diaphanous gold shimmering with tiny beads in a swirling pattern, like a nebula. “The fabric has insulative qualities,” Sari murmured. “Very warm.”

“Okay,” Kiri said, tearing her gaze from her reflection. “I’ll take this one. You can put the rest of those away.”

Sari’s dark, liquid eyes widened in distress. “Oh, no, miss. You are to select several gowns.”

Several of these lovely, frivolous garments? Stark must plan to spend nearly every night going from one fancy event to the next. She was so quarked.

At least she didn’t have to parade out of the store with her purchases. She was already embarrassed by the quantity of clothing she was amassing, like some mercenary creature who cared only for Stark’s credit. Sari assured her everything would be delivered to Stark’s penthouse, including the clothes she’d worn into the store. Kiri donned her new black jacket and leggings to spend the afternoon at Kiri’s Kaffe.

Haassea appeared to say goodbye as Kiri was leaving. The woman smiled, standing in the midst of the elegance that was Maitresse. “Thank you for coming, Kiri. I’ll look forward to seeing you one evening soon.”

“Thank you.” Kiri hugged her poppy wrap around her even though the climate in the store was warm.

“Stark will be so pleased,” Haassea purred.

Kiri’s hackles raised. She smiled back. “He certainly seems pleased ... so far. Goodbye.”

Haassea’s face tightened, her eyes narrowing. Kiri gave her look for look and then turned on her heel.

She strolled out of the store, head high. Inside she was simmering. Bitch, implying that of course she knew Stark better than Kiri. So what if they’d slept together in the past? He wanted Kiri now, didn’t he? At least she’d gotten in one good shot. The Serpentian had understood exactly what Stark was pleased about, and it had nothing to do with clothing.

A trio of exquisitely clad and coiffed women passed her on their way into the store from the podway. “I do hope Haassea is here today,” one of them said. “She knows just what flatters my coloring.”

“Unlimited credit is what flatters your coloring,” another retorted dryly.

“Girls, girls,” the third woman hushed them. “No arguing. You never know who may be tucked away in one of the waiting rooms.”

“Ooh, come to buy an ensemble and take home a husband,” the sarcastic one muttered.

Huh. Kiri grinned to herself as she stepped out into the podway. She wasn’t the only one here to please a man.





 23

Kiri spent a few hours at the coffee stand, working alongside Maury. The older woman looked well, her flyaway gray hair tucked into a neat chignon. She’d bathed too and smelled of herbal soap.

The new smocks arrived, and Maury donned hers, brushing away non-existent dust and straightening her shoulders. “What do you think?”

Kiri nodded. “Very professional. You’ll have all the males under one hundred and fifty flirting with you.”

Maury waved this away with pink cheeks. “Wait ‘til you see the new logo Fava created. That will bring in customers.”

While Maury served a trio of pilots, Kiri studied the logo idea. A mischievously smiling woman rode the tail of a comet, holding aloft a steaming mug. ‘Kiri’s Kaffe—you’ll soar,’ read the slogan.

“Hey, this looks like me.”

Maury finished wiping the counter. “Well, of course, dear. You’re a very attractive girl.”

Kiri laughed. “It’s fun. And it makes the point that our coffee will give you a lift. But how did Fava make her look so much like me?”

Maury winked. “Holovids can be tampered with, you know. My nephew did that part.”

“Scary,” Kiri said. “Hope he doesn’t take to a life of crime.”

“Not if I’ve anything to say about it. Keep watching. Fava designed a logo for the mugs and smocks, too.”

“Love it all,” Kiri pronounced. In the cartoons, Fava had emphasized the slant of her eyes, and the mischief in her grin, while exaggerating the size of the mug and the comet tail. “I’ll go ahead and order the new signage. Glad I got to your niece before she becomes famous and too expensive.”

Something thumped against the wall of the stand, and both women jumped. Kiri slipped off her stool, opened the counter and walked out onto the concourse, peering into the darkness of the empty space next door. She could see nothing behind the security grid however.

“Saw movement in there before,” she told Maury. “Normally I wouldn’t worry, but after the gambler was murdered in the back hallway ...”

Maury nodded. “Better call port security.”

Kiri grimaced. “I was afraid you were going to say that.”

“Or you could have your handsome pilot do so,” Maury said, gesturing at the hoverway. “Here he comes.”

Kiri was waiting for Rak with an expectant smile. He gave her a suspicious look, but she ignored it. “Just need you to call port authority. I want to know who’s in the empty shop next door with the lights off.”

Rak nodded, one hand on his utility belt, where his laser was holstered. “I’ll take care of it.”

He walked over to sit on the bench under the hoverway where he had a clear view of the empty shop and brought up a link.

Kiri’s link chimed. “That will be Stark, reminding me I have to get ready to go out this evening.”

“Really? Have a wonderful time wining and dining with that handsome man. And don’t worry about me, I remember how to close.”

“Well ... if you’re sure. Just don’t forget to power down the coffee maker before you lock up. And make sure all the old coffee goes into the recycler, or we’ll have to flush the system in the morning.”

Maury nodded patiently, and Kiri realized guiltily they’d already gone over this twice.

Rak came back. “Just workers getting a new business ready to open up,” he said.

“What sort of shop?” Kiri asked eagerly.

“Dunno. Didn’t ask.”

Kiri exchanged a look of feminine exasperation with Maury. How could anyone be so incurious? “I don’t suppose you could link back and ask?”

He frowned at her. “No. The helmets have better things to do.”

“Yeah, like a murder to solve.” Kiri shivered as she looked over his shoulder at the shuttered gambling kiosk. She’d sure feel a lot safer when they caught whoever had killed the gambler. She turned back to Maury. “Remember, don’t use the back passageway after you close. Going down the concourse takes longer, but you won’t be alone.”

“We gotta go,” Rak reminded her, opening the counter.

Kiri followed him obediently but turned back to Maury. “And link if you have any problems.”

Maury nodded solemnly, but her eyes were twinkling.

“The lady will be fine,” Rak said. “You’re new to bossing, a blind Bartian could see that. Gotta give your employees room to work.”

“Okay, okay.” Kiri followed him away along the concourse, struggling not to look back. Logically, she knew Maury would do well enough, but Kiri’s Kaffe was her business. It was the only thing that was all her own.



***



Back at Stark’s penthouse, Kiri shower-dried, applied cosmetics and fixed her hair for the evening with a mixture of trepidation and excitement. As she slipped carefully into the gold dress and smoothed it over her hips, she heard a noise behind her and turned.

Stark stood in the doorway of her dressing room. Instead of his signature charcoal, he wore a suit of dark brown, the same hue as his hair. Of some soft fabric, the vee of the snug collar was trimmed in satin, as was the front fastener. Freshly shaven, his hair damp, he was the picture of urbane sophistication. And dead sexy, too.

His gaze dropped over her in assessment.

“Do you like it?” she asked, nerves knotting her insides.

“Very much.” He twirled his fingers. “Turn.”

Kiri spun slowly on the slick soles of her beaten gold slippers and he nodded. Happiness fluttered, dispelling some of her nerves.

“However,” he said. “I do believe that dress calls for one or two more things.”

He held up a slim container and flicked it open. Kiri stared. A necklace that appeared to have been spun of filigreed stardust lay on a bed of midnight velvet. Stark lifted it out and stepped closer. He nudged her to face the mirrors, stood behind her to lift it over her head.

When he put it on her, she saw that it was made to fit high around her throat. He fastened it in the back, and cocked his head to look at her in the mirror.

Kiri touched the necklace, tracing the delicate links with her fingertips. “It’s beautiful. Looks like something a faery should wear.”

His eyes hooded with satisfaction, he pressed a possessive kiss to her bare shoulder, making her shiver with pleasure. “The necklace ... will do, for now.”

He set his hands on her upper arms, and met her eyes in the mirror. “Do you know what it means?”

His hands were warm, but premonition skated under his touch. “No.”

“It’s a collar. It means you’re mine. Everyone who sees you tonight will know you belong to me sexually.”

Kiri frowned at him, taken aback. “You mean, they’ll know—that you like to … tell me what to do in bed?”

He nodded. “And that you enjoy submitting to me.”

Oh, just quarking great, now she was going to be wondering what everyone was thinking when they looked at her. She scowled at him. “Afraid I can’t say no if someone else puts a move on me?”

He smiled slightly. “I move in a very ... sophisticated strata, kitten. Jaded may be a better term. Beings who are used to taking what they want, because they have wealth and power.” He stroked his thumb over the collar. “This says you aren’t available. And that if they try to touch you, they’ll answer to me.”

“Holy quark,” she muttered. “Sounds like you hang out with criminals like Tal.”

His grip tightened, almost painful. She looked at him uncertainly.

“Darkrunner is out of your life now, Kiri. But he does specialize in getting people what they want, so some of these people likely have an acquaintance with him, yes. Ah, one more thing.”

He looked down, and she watched curiously as he pulled another piece of jewelry around her waist. A gold chain with two shimmering balls and a ring hanging from it. Kiri’s tension ratcheted up to fever pitch. She shook her head, pressing back against him, her hands on his wrists. In his arms, she felt at once safe and on the edge of some precipice.

“Oh, no.” As she shook her head, her hair brushed his chin. “Oh, no you don’t.”

Laughter gleamed in his gaze. “You recognize it? I said you’d wear it for me.”

He fastened the fine chain around her waist. Kiri shook her head pleadingly. “Logan, no. I can’t wear that in public. I’m nervous enough as it is.”

“Shh, it’s all right,” he soothed. “It’s simply ornamentation for the gown, kitten.”

Watching over her shoulder, he lifted the ring and fastened it to a loop on the lower center of the collar, so one length of chain lay between her breasts. Then he found one of the slits at her waist, and dropped the two balls into it. They fell over the plane of her belly and dangled between her thighs, hidden by the dress.

“There, you see?” he chided, smoothing the fabric over her hips. “Just another piece of jewelry.

Kiri had to admit that while unusual, the chains made a pretty belt and the length down between her breasts lay in the folds of fabric, blending with the gown. She was so relieved he wasn’t going to make her wear the balls in her pussy she didn’t complain that they tickled her thighs.

“One more thing,” Stark whispered and kissed her ear, nibbling softly on the shell as he cupped her breasts in his big, warm hands and then pinched her nipples. Kiri gasped as they sprang to instant attention, and he made a low sound of approval as he worked them hard.

Then he let go, and smiled at her in the mirror. “There. You look supremely fuckable, kitten. Let me know if you get … bored this evening, and I’ll take care of you.”

Kiri didn’t answer. She was too busy staring at her nipples, poking through the thin fabric like little spears. The fabric abraded them, and she had the horrid suspicion they weren’t going to subside anytime soon—not with him touching her.

Stark tugged her away from the mirrors. “Come along, No more time to admire your pretty self.”

“I’m not admiring,” she sputtered. “I’m—I look almost naked.”

“Yes,” he agreed.”I certainly won’t be bored this evening.”

He gave her just time to grab the evening cloak and bag, and they were on their way out to the cruiser. Kiri wanted to dash back into the penthouse and hide in bed. The evening ahead made her night out at Le Tigre seem as tame as a ride on the spaceport hoverway.





 24

Kiri had seen the Grand Lava Hotel and Casino from outside—it was impossible to miss with the holovid volcano spewing lava and sparks night and day atop the skyscraper. Silly, because the only volcanoes on Earth II had been harnessed for energy production long ago.

She knew from history lessons that Old Seattle on Earth I had had volcanoes that blew centuries before and covered the city in mud and debris hundreds of feet thick. No picturesque lava involved.

However, this faux volcano was certainly spectacular. Gaping at the fiery display, she nearly tripped on the carpet laid out on the landing pad.

“Head down, kitten,” Stark murmured, smacking her on the bottom. “Or shall I carry you?”

Kiri gave him an indignant look. They were surrounded by other beings in lavish evening wear, and he’d spanked her?

He bowed to a Serpentian couple in brilliant evening wear. “Yes,” he murmured to her. “And I’ll do it again if needed, so behave.”

“Great,” she grumbled. “I can dress you up, but I can’t make you behave.”

He crooked his arm for her to take.”No, you can’t. Remember that.”

A wide awning had been set up to shield the roof-top arrivals from the rain. Kiri shuddered as the acid droplets pelted the clear sides of the enclosure. Beyond them, sky traffic zoomed and hovered, signal lights a blurred wash of color against the black night.

Kiri hung on to Stark’s arm as they paced along the walkway toward the open doors ahead, which resembled the opening of a plant-edged grotto opening into the mountain under the volcano. Holo-vines and holo-ferns swayed in an imaginary breeze.

The walkway was lined with huge Argonautians holding spears. At first startled glance Kiri thought they were naked, but then she saw they wore brief purple loincloths nearly the same hue as their skin.

Inside, lights flashed and glittered, red and golden ‘lava’ shooting up from a central holo-fountain to stream over the heads of the hundreds of guests mingling in the huge, sunken room. Huge ferns and vines, so lifelike Kiri wasn’t sure if they were real or not, walled the room, and every seat and table appeared to have been carved of some exotic wood.

Long bars were attended by beautiful women and men wearing brief, clinging garments, and overhead dancers writhed on long vines, twirling through the air.

Kiri had never seen anything like it, but the beings chatting and laughing, posturing in their gilded evening clothes seemed to find it nothing out of the ordinary.

She and Stark were the cynosure of avid gazes as he led her through the crowd. In the lovely gown and wrap, she nearly felt as if she could hold her own. Stark nodded to many men and women, but he didn’t pause until they’d reached one of the bars. Kiri was glad—most of the women seemed to be trying to use their heavily made-up eyes as lasers, on her at least.

“What will you drink?” he asked her.

Kiri eyed the variety behind the bar. “Something with fruit, please.”

“A tropical sun for the lady,” Stark told the bartender. “And a moon brandy for me.”

The bartender, her bare breasts painted with green and gold glitter, smiled at Stark, and Kiri gave her a warning glare.

“What do you think?” Stark asked her, turning his back on the bar to survey the room.

She looked around, letting her wrap slip down her arms to the crook of her elbows. Other women wore their wraps that way, as did a few men. “Your associates sure know how to party.”

His hand slipped from her waist to cup her ass. “Remember that. These are just people—with a bit more credit or influence. Some earned, some inherited, some stolen.”

She looked up at him. “You earned yours.”

He returned her look. “Not always in sunlight, kitten. Don’t romanticize me.”

Even though he was holding her, she felt as if he’d just pushed her firmly away. She was surprised by how much that stung. She forced a laugh and looked away. “So serious. I thought we were here to party. And if this is a casino, where’s the gambling?”

“I might have known you’d want to gamble. Through there.” He nodded toward one side of the ballroom, where lava poured through a rift in the rock and vines. “You’re welcome to it. I’ve set a credit limit for you.”

“Thank you. Don’t want to lose too much of your credit,” she said. “Rather spend it on my coffee stand.”

Stark bent to brush his nose and mouth along the curve of her bare neck. Kiri shivered with pleasure. “Don’t worry,” he murmured in her ear. “I’ll take it out of your sweet hide, little cat.”

Kiri accepted her drink, a tall flute of golden liquid topped with a creamy froth and a bright fuchsia bloom. She took a sip, avoiding looking at Stark. She believed him. And she was so bent that the mere thought of working off a gambling debt with sex made her pussy clench.

She peered down and saw that her nipples were hard again, or still. Every breath sent the fabric of her dress whispering over them.

Stark took a drink of his brandy and clinked his glass gently against hers, his gaze warm. “Supremely fuckable. Come along, I’ve people to talk with.”

The next hour was a blur of beings, from elegant to shocking, friendly to icy. They all had one thing in common: wealth dripped from their fingertips. Slowly Kiri realized this was just another decadent nightclub. The patrons were simply a bit older and more richly dressed than those at Le Tigre and Flash. There were heavy drinkers and even druggers in the crowd; she recognized the glassy stares and languid movements.

Stark introduced her to the mayor potentate, senators and commissioners of this and that. She liked the mayor potentate immediately. She was a tall, commanding woman with a sly twinkle in her eye, her stout figure encased in dark satin with the broad ribbon of her office draped from shoulder to hip. Her partner was a stunningly lovely Serpentian in emerald diamante.

“A collar,” the mayor approved, looking Kiri over with clear appreciation. “Very wise, Logan. I’d be inviting her to join a threesome myself.”

Kiri froze. Quark. These people knew what the collar meant? Stark had been serious.

He merely smiled lazily. “As a mere male, I thought it wise to forestall any such attempts.”

The other two women laughed, and Kiri looked up at him through her lashes. There was nothing ‘mere’ about Stark. He wore his air of command like an aura. She couldn’t believe that out of all the enhanced women in the huge room he wanted to be with her.

“Perhaps we’ll see you at one of the clubs?” the mayor suggested, lifting her brows at Stark.

He nodded. “Eventually.”

“Excellent.” The two women were smiling as Stark led Kiri away.

“You want to explain these clubs of yours?” she asked suspiciously.

Already greeting another couple, Stark ignored her question. She’d ask him later, that was certain. She wasn’t going to any twisty sex club where other women would want to touch him.

A loud gong sounded, ringing over the noise of conversation.

“Ah, dinner time.” Stark turned Kiri to the stream of people already moving toward one of the openings.

He led her to a table in the center of the dining room. The tables were decorated with centerpieces of lush greenery and the most beautiful flowers Kiri had ever seen, brilliant red, fuchsia and yellow. Their heavy blooms nodded, with long waxy stamens protruding from the centers. Kiri blinked as she sat in the chair Stark held for her. The flowers were almost sexual.

She wriggled in her chair, letting the chained balls fall between her thighs. She was looking forward to her dinner until she heard a smooth, familiar voice. “Logan, here you are.”

It was Haassea, in a sleek gown of cream diamante, long earrings dripping to her shoulders and an ornate stole hanging from her arms. Then Kiri looked at her escort and her eyes widened. Lithe, auburn haired, clearly Serpentian with his golden skin, tilted green eyes and high cheekbones, he was quite possibly the most beautiful man she’d ever seen. He wore a fitted suit of olive raw lii silk, and a heavy gold choker, visible through the vee of his high collar.

He gave Kiri a solemn wink, and she snapped out of her trance, her cheeks heating up. Quark, she’d been staring like a teenie meeting Chaz Jaguari.

“Haassea and her husband, Traay,” Stark said. She cast a guilty glance at him. He looked amused, as did the other couple. Well, okay. Guess she wasn’t the first to be dazzled.

The Serpentians sat on Stark’s other side, with Haassea between the two men. Kiri nodded politely at Haassea and looked away, her stomach clenching. Damn, she was going to have to spend the next hour or more listening to the Serpentian slithering all over Logan, verbally at least. And if the woman touched his hand again, Kiri was going to leap out of her chair and claw her sly eyes out.

Two couples sat on Kiri’s other side, a pair of Pangaeans, and a human-Serpentian couple. They all greeted Stark with obvious respect and admiration, and eyed Kiri with interest. The Serpentian whispered something in his companion’s ear that made her smile wickedly at Kiri. Kiri gave her a cool stare.

Stark alternated between visiting with them and Haassea and her husband. Kiri joined in at times, but mostly she listened.

They’d been seated for a while when another couple joined them. The woman had elaborately arranged hair and wore a tiny red dress. Kiri noticed her only peripherally. Her escort was broad and muscular, with harsh features, dark blond hair tied back and arresting light eyes. He wore a tailored gray suit shot with silver. His demeanor said what he wore didn’t matter, nor did his date, unless he chose to make them matter.

Kiri stiffened with instant dislike. She recognized his face, had seen it on the holovids and business sites. Marc Moon, owner and CEO of MoonPenny Coffee. The man who was trying to put all other coffee stands out of business, and the man who’d insulted her friend Illyria Tate.

The others at the table greeted him cordially. He didn’t bother to smile back except at Stark. His gaze landed on Kiri, with interest and then amusement. Stark’s hand tightened on the back of her neck. Only then did she realize she might possibly have a less than friendly look on her face.

She took a drink of the excellent white wine, figuring it was better to do that than throw it in the coffee mogul’s face.

Stark caressed the side of her neck with his thumb, tracing over her collar. He looked amused too.

“My evening has just been ruined,” she muttered.

“Then I’ll have to see what I can do to improve it,” he replied. She didn’t trust the gleam in his eyes. “I could tell him you’re in the same business, then you’d have something to chat about.”

“Thanks, but no thanks. Rather chat with a shark.”

He chuckled. “Perhaps one day you’ll be competition for him.”

“Now that, I would enjoy,” she said. “It’s not just the business, though. He insulted a friend of mine. Propositioned her during a sales call.”

“She must be very attractive.”

Kiri gave him a look. “That doesn’t make it all right, Logan.”

“He didn’t get where he is by not going after what he wants when he sees it,” he replied calmly. “Like me. I saw you, I wanted you, I asked.”

That was true. Kiri looked at Marc Moon again and wondered if Illyria was going to be able to hold out. The man did have a certain raw magnetism.

Marc Moon glanced at her and smiled. He had big white teeth, and his gaze held cool calculation, just like a shark. Illyria was in trouble.

They were served wines and salads and then some kind of strange vegetable in a delicious sauce over fresh pasta, and finally tiny elegant desserts, almost too pretty to eat.

Something odd happened then. Haassea’s assistant, Slidi, slithered up to their table arm in arm with an escort. Kiri stiffened. Would the parade of her least favorite beings never end? Maybe Tal was next.

The Serpentian, who wore a striking gown of silver, with iridium and diamonds flashing at her throat and wrists, smiled invitingly at Stark. She ignored Kiri, which was wise, because Kiri did not like the sheer lust in the other woman’s eyes when she looked at Logan. Like she wanted to wrap around him and strangle him in her coils.

Glaring, Kiri watched Slidi flick a glance at Haassea and her husband. Slidi smirked, then posed arrogantly as her escort greeted Marc Moon. Moon rose, shaking hands with the man and bowing politely to Slidi. They said a few words and then the two walked away. Or rather the man walked and she undulated.

Kiri looked at Stark to make sure he hadn’t been unduly impressed. He was looking at Haassea. The woman looked furious, her slanted eyes glittering, nostrils flared. Her husband was leaning over to speak to her urgently. Stark added something that Kiri couldn’t hear. At least Haassea was classy. She had that same Serpentian walk, but she made it elegant.

A waiter poured a thin stream of coffee into the cup at Kiri’s place. Across the table, Marc Moon watched smugly. No wonder, probably MoonPenny coffee. Kiri plucked the crisp chocolate wafer from the top of her dessert and snapped it in two with her teeth.

Stark put his hand on her leg.

“Who was that man who just spoke to Marc Moon?” Kiri asked.

“Head of his security, I believe. Why?”

“Just wondering who was stupid enough to date that snake,” Kiri said.

Stark shrugged, clearly not interested in Slidi, which made Kiri smile at him.

“Now come the boring speeches I warned you about,” he said.

Kiri spooned up a bite of creamy gremel mousse. “I’ll be fine.” She had Stark at her side and rich people to watch. They were no more virtuous than the people who traversed her end of the space port, but they were certainly shinier.

His eyes glittered in the dim light. “But I won’t. I want you to do something for me.”

The hair on the back of her neck rose. She swallowed another mouthful of mousse. “What?”

“Time to use your gift.”





 25

“Go into the ladies’ lav, and slip the balls into your cunt. Then come back here.”

Kiri stared at Stark in horror. He watched her, stroking her thigh calmly as if he hadn’t just announced he wanted to tease her in public.

She started to shake her head, but he nuzzled her ear, his warm breath tickling and arousing. “For me, kitten. You’ll enjoy it, I promise.”

No, she would not. She peered furtively at the other couples, but they were all looking toward the lighted stage, where a Pangaean in a suit studded with emeralds was strutting toward the podium, his hair curving up with pride.

Stark trailed his finger down her cheek. “Go. I’ll be waiting.”

And somehow Kiri found herself on her feet, making her way through the tables toward the discreetly lit ladies’ lav. She was full of turmoil. Not shame exactly, but definitely conflicted emotion.

Tonight Stark was treating her as his sexual plaything in public, and she was not sure she was ready to play this new game. The balls thumped gently against her thighs as she walked. Her pussy quaked at the thought of putting them inside herself so he could torment her.

At least these balls weren’t full of current, like the electroplasm balls. But that had been in the complete privacy of his bedroom. This was in the midst of a huge crowd of New Seattle’s elite. No, she’d use the lav and then go back. She wasn’t his public toy, and that was that.

The women’s lav had a lounge with divans and lighted holomirrors. Kiri met Slidi coming out. They exchanged a mutual glare, although Slidi’s ended in a little smirk as if she knew something Kiri did not.

Inside, women primped before the mirrors, conversation humming. It died as Kiri walked in. She smiled, but it was not returned. Huh. She recognized a few of these women—they’d ignored their partners to preen when Stark greeted them.

She lifted a haughty brow and stalked through the lounge.

Then one of them spoke just behind her.

“Poor Stark, reduced to searching the slums for a thrill.” Another laughed snidely.

Kiri stopped in her tracks, anger burning in her middle. Bitchiness knew no credit limit, apparently.

Thrown into the rough and tumble of the girls dormitories in the state-run school, she learned that anyone who didn’t stand up to a bully was in for unending trouble. She’d been tripped, shoved and even had food stolen off her tray until she’d lost her temper and gone after the leader of the bullies.

She knew damned well she didn’t look like a slummer in this gown, with her hair and makeup done. Someone had been spreading rumors. Slidi, at a guess.

Setting her hands on her hips, she turned with a swish of her skirt. The speaker was readily apparent, a dark beauty with enhanced breasts bursting out of an ornate gown, her puffy lips smirking while the other women around her watched.

Kiri looked the woman up and down, and smiled back, showing her teeth.

“Yes, Stark told me he’d tried the pussy here,” she drawled. “But he found all the enhancement much too artificial for his tastes.”

Turning, she sauntered into the lav, hearing a gasp of outrage behind her.

Jealous bitches. He might have been with every woman in the room, but they weren’t with him now. She was the woman he wanted, and she was not afraid to do what he asked of her. He might have some twisty ideas, but so far all of them had been for her pleasure as well as his.

As long as she remembered it was just sex, she’d be fine. She could play his games with him and come out—or just come—smiling.

In one of the private stalls, she used the lav and then dealt with the dangling balls. Being so small, they were easy to insert. When she straightened and let her skirts fall, she could feel the chain riding across her mons.

Her head high, she walked out of the stall, cleansed her hands in the wash-dry basin, and stopped to check that her gold skirts fell straight before walking out of the lav. The balls rolled against each other inside her as she walked. It was strange, and arousing, but they were so small that she was more attuned to the chain stroking her labia. On every other step, it rubbed her clitoris. Wow.

Thus preoccupied, she barely noticed the stares of the other women in the lounge, until she met Haassea in the doorway. The other woman gave her a searching look. “Kiri. Enjoying yourself?”

“Oh, yes,” Kiri returned just as sweetly, brushing past her. “Logan is so … attentive.”

She turned to walk back to their table when she saw a woman rushing toward her, holding her long gown up, blonde curls bouncing. It was Illyria Tate.

They met in the middle of the open space and Illyria’s arms closed around Kiri in a warm hug scented with expensive perfume. “Kiri. How delightful to see you here—in person, for once.”

“Same.” Kiri returned the hug. Illyria’s father kept her so busy she rarely got out of their warehouse offices. “Love your gown.” The blonde wore a black halter completely spangled with tiny beads, the top deeply cut. Jet earrings hung from beneath blonde curls, brushing her plump, pale shoulders.

“Thank you.” The other woman dimpled. “It’s Maitresse, like yours.” She stepped back far enough to eye Kiri’s gown. “I’m so jealous of your figure.”

Kiri grinned. “Yeah, right. Most of the women here paid huge credit to get breasts like yours, which are real.”

Illyria dimpled again. “Well, my date certainly seems to like them.” Her gaze sharpened. “Are you here with Stark?”

“I am.”

“Oh, good. He’ll take care of you. I always make sure to attend these things with a reliable escort. They can get pretty wild. Anyone fun at your table?”

Kiri wrinkled her nose. “No, no. Just some boring business people.”

“Why, Ms. te Nawa, I’m hurt,” drawled a deep voice behind her. “Especially since we have an acquaintance in common.”

Kiri stiffened. Illyria aimed a glare over her shoulder that was so hot Kiri was surprised she couldn’t see a laser charge.

“Mr. Moon,” Illyria said through her teeth. “The difference is, Kiri is my friend and you are not.”

Marc Moon chuckled. “That’s all right. Friends are not what I want to be with you, Illyria.”

Kiri sidled from between the two, looking from one to the other.

The two were staring at each other as if they’d forgotten Kiri was even there. The air was between them was full of heat, but it wasn’t just anger. And Illyria might be petite and round and feminine, but her militant stance said she was a match for the coffee magnate.

Still. “You behave,” Kiri said to Marc Moon. “I’ll be watching you.”

He didn’t even look at her. “Now I’m scared.”

Kiri opened her mouth to invoke the power of Stark, but Illyria smiled without looking away from Moon. Her white teeth held a flash of ferocity as well. “I’ll be fine, Kiri. The day I can’t handle an arrogant, conceited fool like this is the day I give up my Maitresse account.”

Moon’s eyes narrowed. “You won’t miss it, baby. I keep an account there, and I’ll buy you anything you want.”

Illyria let out a hiss of outrage and Kiri winced. If the man was wise, he’d quit before he dug himself in deeper.

“Link you tomorrow,” Kiri murmured to her friend and walked away. She was looking forward to hearing who came out on top in this battle of the sexes.

The mayor potentate was speaking, her enhanced voice filling the room. Kiri had to search for Stark in the dark room. She finally spotted him and made her way carefully through the tables. She was almost to her seat when she felt a rush of sensation in her pussy.

She stumbled into her seat, staring accusingly at Stark, who sat relaxed, one of his legs crossed over the other, his arm over the back of her chair. He bent his head to her ear, and she felt his lips curve against her skin. “What’s wrong, kitten?”

Kiri sat back very carefully. “They’re—growing,” she hissed. “This is not good.”

He smiled, a rakish flash of white in the lights from the stage. “It’s all right, little cat. They simply adjust to your cunt. They won’t hurt you.”

She whimpered and then pressed her hand to her lips, afraid someone had heard her. But everyone was laughing at a quip from the MP. Stark laid his hand over hers. His other arm encircled her, his hand on her waist.

And then he twisted his fingertips in the chain and tugged gently. Kiri gasped as the balls caressed a magical spot inside her, suffusing her with pleasure.

“Is it good?” he asked gently, as the MP began to speak again.

Since he was tugging again, sending the balls slipping back and forth against the walls of her pussy, Kiri could only lean her forehead against his chin. This was decadence beyond her experience. He was playing her here in the middle of a social event. Anyone who looked at her closely would see that she was aroused and guess that he was doing something to her.

Stark rimmed the shell of her ear with his tongue in the darkness and worked the chain. “Tell me, little cat.” His warm breath tickled her ear.

“Yes. And I hate you.”

He changed the angle of his tugs, and the chain worked her clitoris. Kiri bit back a moan of need as her pussy clenched on the balls, her need so intense she shook.

“No one can see what I’m doing,” he told her, his voice dark velvet in her ear. “They don’t know how aroused you are, little cat.”

His free hand stroked down her thigh. She clasped his hand in both of hers, holding on for dear life as he continued his slow, secret torture. The chain slid over her swollen clitoris, and the balls teased and tormented, rolling against her G-spot.

“They’ll know. All they have to do is look at me.”

“Mm. Does that excite you?”

Kiri shook her head. He nipped her ear. “Truth, kitten.”

She nodded helplessly. If he continued, she was going to come right here in public, surrounded by his wealthy friends and associates. And she didn’t care who watched because it was Stark caressing her.

“Eyes open.” He began to tug the chain harder, faster. “Now, kitten.”

Across the table, Marc Moon slid into his seat. His date glared at him and turned away with a flounce. He ignored her.

Over Stark’s shoulder, Haassea’s husband turned his head and looked at her. His eyes narrowed, and he smiled at her. He knew. Somehow he knew. He bent his head and whispered in his wife’s ear, and she turned her head sharply, her gaze cutting toward Kiri. The woman sat perfectly still, her head close to her husband’s, his hand playing on her bare arm, even leaned against him. But Kiri felt strong emotion emanating from her. Envy? Anger?

Then the balls moved again, and the sensual torment sent Kiri over the edge. She was the woman in Stark’s arms, the one he’d fuck later. She turned her face into Stark’s throat and came, riding the balls with jerky little movements, pleasure imploding through her.

“That’s my wildcat,” he approved in her ear.

Around them the crowd broke into thunderous applause.

For one delirious moment Kiri thought they were applauding her, but she forced her eyes open and realized that the MP was bowing, her face wreathed in smiles.

“Now for the dancing,” the woman said with a roguish wink. “And have we got a surprise for you. The Seven Hells Riders!”

The applause applauded again, louder this time. Kiri sank back against Stark’s arm and clamped her hand over his on the chain, imploring him silently to stop. He lifted her chin with his hand and kissed her.

“Now,” he said, “We’ll dance.”

Kiri groaned, and he chuckled.

He pulled her to her feet. She was glad of his strong arm around her, because she wasn’t sure she could have walked alone. The tables were moving back, the center of the floor clearing. A long saxophone note wailed, and the crowd roared as a new stage appeared, holding a group of musicians and their instruments. The musicians were all dressed in red leather, and their instruments appeared to be on fire, holo-flames burning as they played.

Kiri ducked as a gleaming black hoviecycle zoomed over their head, out around the ballroom and back toward the stage. The rider’s head was a grinning skull, engulfed in flames.

“Greetings, my lovelies,” he said in a deep, smoky voice. “Welcome to hell. Tonight we ride!”

The crowd roared. Stark swung Kiri into his arms, and she sank against his powerful torso, wondering how long she was going to last without coming again. She certainly felt as if the devil himself had claimed her.

Stark was a very good dancer, moving smoothly with the music and leading Kiri among the other dancers. He was also adamant in his diabolical assault. As they danced, he twisted his fingers through the chain at the back of her waist and tugged it at random intervals. Despite her orgasm, Kiri felt need build again.

She clung to him, nearly oblivious to the other dancers swirling around them. Her legs trembling, knees weak, she dug her hand into his back, and shook her head.

Stark kissed her ear. “Ready to come again, kitten?”

Kiri nodded. Anything to get him to stop this sensual torment.

“Hmm. Would you like another partner? I could show him how to tug the chain.”

Kiri clutched him, shaking her head. “Logan. You wouldn’t—would you?

The bastard chuckled. “Not if you’re very obedient.”

He danced her backward through the crowd, and around a large clump of ferns, into a dark grotto. Just outside, the music thundered, lights flashed and people passed by. Inside, it was only the two of them.

Stark backed her up against one of the walls. Kiri grasped the faux rock on either side of her hips as he kissed her, his mouth taking hers deeply. In the dark, she could only feel—his mouth hot and masterful on hers, his hands cupping her breasts, pulling at her nipples until she moaned. He shoved his knee between hers, claiming the space between her thighs.

He broke the kiss, his mouth moving to her ear, one hand moving down to cup her mons through the thin silk of the gown. “You are like a golden Tyger pussy in this gown. Every man here wants you, and half the women.”

“You won’t share me with anyone.” She cupped his hard jaw in her hand pleadingly.





 26

“No, kitten. Tonight, you’re mine.”

Stark’s hand cupped her from without, the balls from within. Kiri gave a sob of sheer surrender. She was tired of fighting to keep her distance. “Yes, Logan, I’m yours.”

“Lift your skirts.” He opened his mouth on the side of her neck and sucked, bringing every nerve there to life. Her head fell back against the wall, and she arched into his mouth.

“Logan.”

He smacked her thigh, a little sting of reminder. She fumbled for her skirts, and worked them up her thighs, until they were gathered up around her hips, and she could feel the air on her hot skin, his pant legs brushing the inside of her thighs. What was he going to do?

To her utter shock, he dropped to one knee between her thighs. She looked down at him. He was a broad-shouldered silhouette against the flashing lights, his sleek head poised level with her mons. He placed his hands over hers, guiding her to pull her skirts higher. His warm hands spread over her thighs, caressing her soft skin. Then he hooked his thumbs in the fragile lace of her panties, and tugged.

Her panties tore away, and she was bare before him, only the fine gold chain hanging over her mons. He followed it with his touch, and she whimpered as she felt her arousal flow over his fingertips.

She was bare before him, in public, only a screen of faux plants separating her from the crowd outside. And he was clearly intent on playing her more, in some new torment he’d devised. She was panting, her whole body flushed with anticipation and dread. All any of the dancers had to do was stop before their grotto and peer inside, and they would see him kneeling before her, see her open to him.

Then he bent his head to her and pressed a warm kiss on her bare thigh, and she understood. Clutching her skirt with one hand, Kiri put one hand on his cheek. In a flash of red light from outside, he looked up at her, a smile as devilish as any given by the lord of the seven hells limning his face.

And then he put his mouth on her and Kiri moaned with shock, with pleasure. He’d done this before, in the privacy of his bedroom. But now he knelt before her nearly in public, his breath hot on her mons, bared except for the neatly trimmed triangle of curls, his mouth opening on her. His deep hum of approval vibrated through her pussy as he inhaled, taking in her scent.

Then he used his tongue on her, licking up through her swollen labia and Kiri moaned louder as the silken caress of his tongue joined the abrasion of the chain on her clitoris. Her fingers speared into his short hair, pulling him closer. Her eyes nearly closed, she gazed at the red and gold lights sweeping the ballroom. The rider was aloft again, crooning a deep love song, his voice searing, mocking, a perfect counterpoint to the pleasure spiraling tighter and tighter inside her.

Stark drove his thumbs into her labia, and pulled her open, spearing his tongue inside her. He tugged the chain again, and she whimpered, arching against him.

His kiss was utterly delicious, like being whipped with velvet. Pleasure built so fast she shook and trembled with it. She would have done anything, dared anything to keep his mouth on her.

And then she did, because at that moment the rider cruised by again, and stopped, hovering just outside, he and his cycle blocking the entrance of the alcove.

“Take what I give you and ride with me,” he crooned in his deep, rough voice. His head turned toward Kiri, the glow of his flames illumining her and the man kneeling before her. He was watching Stark pleasure her. No one else could see them, but he could.

Pinned by the singer’s fiery gaze, she came so hard she bucked in Stark’s hands, jerking against his tongue in a dance of sensual ecstasy.

“Take what I give you and come for me. Oh, yeah!” The rider threw back his head and laughed, and then shot away, leaving Kiri gasping for breath, her body shaking with the aftershocks of pleasure as Logan rose to his feet, a dark bulwark between her and the lights outside.

The song ended on a long chord.

“Oh, my God. Logan, he saw us,” Kiri panted.

Stark kissed her. “He saw a beautiful little cat in the throes of pleasure. Now I’m going to fuck you.”

Kiri kissed him back, loving her scent and taste on his mouth, mingled with his.

“This is so twisty,” she muttered. Then she moaned as he pulled the balls out of her, letting them dangle. They shrank immediately, tiny metal balls flickering against her bare thigh.

“I did warn you I’d expect things of you.” Stark moved against her, his cock like a hot brand on her bare belly. “Do you want me inside you, kitten?”

More than her next breath. “Yes, Logan.”

He kissed her again. “Then guide me into your cunt, and I’ll give us what we both want.”

She grasped his hot, silken length, and lifted one leg to wrap it around his ass, opening herself so she could place the broad, smooth head of his cock in her wet opening. He thrust inside tissues sensitized by the balls, lodging himself so deep his pants rubbed against her labia.

Kiri hung on, loving the feel of his much larger, more powerful body in her arms, and how he filled her, stretched her. He slid his hands under the back of her thighs, and lifted her higher into her perch, so that she was completely open to him, impaled on him.

Outside, beyond the screen of ferns and rock, the dancers blurred into a shimmer of light and movement as another song began. Stark began to move, taking her hard and fast, in a driving sexual dance of their own. Kiri’s eyes slid closed as the sheer pleasure of having him took over.

“Logan. Don’t want anyone—to see us,” she managed. “Not like this.”

“No. This is just for us, kitten. Just for you and me.” He was thrusting into her so hard they were both jolting against the rock, but his arm protected her from the worst of it. “Although if they could see, every one of them would envy me.”

No, they would envy her. Because she was with the most exciting man in the entire casino. And right now, he owned every part of her, not just her pussy, but all of her. With a high moan, Kiri convulsed around him. “Logan.”

Stark slammed into her one last time, his face pressed into her hair, a deep groan of completion rumbling in his chest. She felt his heat flood her. All she could do was cling to him, shattered.



***



Kiri woke to Stark brushing a kiss on her bare shoulder. “Time for you to wake up,” he said.

She smiled without opening her eyes. “Go away, Mr. Energy. Some of us need to sleep.”

He slid his hand under the covers to caress her bare ass. “Some of us are space slugs.”

She rolled onto her back to look up at him. He was flushed from exercise and damp from his shower, a towel wrapped around his hips. “Have you been fighting with your ugly robot friend?” she asked, stretching luxuriously.

He smiled at her. “He does look like the back end of an old craft, doesn’t he? Puts up a good fight, though. I’ll continue your defense training, if you like.”

“Okay,” she decided. “If you go easy on me. Everything you’ve got is bigger than mine.”

He lifted his brows. “Very true. And last night you certainly seemed to enjoy that.”

Kiri froze, staring up at him. Last night. Oh, God, the banquet, the speeches and then the alcove at the ball. A stranger watching. She put her hands over her face, hiding from him.

“Oh, my God,” she mumbled against her palms. “I can’t believe I let you talk me into that.”

Stark chuckled. “I believe they heard you scream my name over the music.” He grasped her ankle under the coverlet in his warm hand. “Perhaps you need a reminder of how much you enjoyed it.”

Nowhere to hide, so she’d brazen her way through this. She lowered her hands to bat her lashes at him. “Well, since you woke me ...”

He shook his head, although he did lean down to stroke one hand over her bare breasts. “I’ve business waiting.” But he didn’t move away. Instead something in his face changed.

“What?”

“I’ve made a decision,” he said. “You’re staying with me. For as long as this works.”

“Ah … I am?”

“Yes.” He planted his hands on the bed on either side of her and surveyed her with sensual threat. “For now, you’re mine. And I have a great deal to teach you.”

Kiri gazed up at him. Even though she was lying flat on the bed, she had the sensation she was falling into his gaze.

She was his? She should be arguing with that, but her mind was full of some strange drum beat, like the music last night. Her blood, pounding in her ears. He wanted her with him.

Maybe she really could do it all—be with him, run her business and make a home so that it would be ready when she found Kai.

When she didn’t argue, his face relaxed. “And at the end of the week you’re coming to Frontiera with me. You’ll enjoy that.”

“I will?”

He grinned, his face creasing with amusement. “You know, I believe I’ll surprise you more often. Makes you malleable.” He bent and grasped her chin firmly in his fingers and held her there for a kiss, his mouth warm and fresh.

Lifting his head, he released her. “I’ll see you later then.”

Kiri watched him saunter away and then slid out of bed. She did a dizzy little dance on the carpet, grinning so hard her face hurt. He wanted her with him all the time. She was going to travel with him. Except … that meant spending days on a space ship. In deep space.

She tripped on the trailing comforter and landed on the bed with a thump. She ran her fingers through her hair and clutched her head with both hands. Deep space—no light outside her window except the stars, no Earth II under her feet. Depending utterly on a fragile ship and its crew to stay on course for a destination days away, past meteorites, space pirates and other dangers she didn’t even want to think about.

She was so quarked.



***



Kiri couldn’t swallow a bite of breakfast. Not until she was ensconced at work did her nerves settle. Clad in new smocks and with better coffee for sale, she and Maury took turns carrying samples out on the concourse to the other businesses nearby and to travelers. Kiri’s Kaffe turned the biggest profit in its short history.

That afternoon, Illyria finally returned Kiri’s link. She was clearly on edge.

“So, Marc Moon …” Kiri urged, glad to be distracted from her own worries.

Illyria gave a ladylike snort. “That man is impossible. I don’t care if he does kiss like a god, I never want to see him again.”

Kiri grinned. “He kissed you?”

“Yes,” the blonde blurted. “Against the wall, with his hands all over my—well, you know.”

“And then?”

“And then nothing. He informed me that he’d be glad to make me the happiest woman in New Seattle if I would ditch my escort.”

“Ow. That’s a bit crass.” Kiri decided not to mention the man had had a date himself.

Illyria nodded, but then her gaze skated sideways. “Then he sent me this.”

She held up an electronic tablet. “It’s a contract to supply his New Seattle shops with coffee—if I have a late supper at his penthouse.”

A chime sounded and she looked away. “Oops, must go. That’s my dad. Talk to you soon.”

“I want details,” Kiri called.

As the link winked out, she revised her opinion. She wasn’t sure Illyria was going to be able to hold out against the coffee magnate. This might be good if Marc Moon applied that steely determination to pleasing his partner.

Kiri grinned to herself. She was happy. She wanted everyone else to be happy too.





 27

She and Stark had dinner together by the windows. It was a rare evening, the lights of the city below visible through big breaks in the clouds. She told Stark about her day and asked him about his.

Then he took her to bed, where he introduced her to the unique pleasure of being blindfolded and toyed with, first with the electroplasm balls and then with his hands and mouth. After she’d come twice, he untied the silk scarf and showed her how to please him with the balls. Then he had her ride him and touch herself until she came again. Finally he flipped her onto her back and took her hard and fast until he shuddered in her arms. That might have been her favorite part. Hard to choose from so many options.

Afterward, he held her, lying on his back with her draped across his side, her head on his shoulder. She lay there, drifting in a haze of contentment.

“May I ask you something?” he asked quietly, his fingers moving slowly on her back.

“Sure.” She tipped her face up toward his, admiring the line of his jaw in the soft lamplight.

“Why are you funneling credit to a private investigator?”

Kiri froze. Then she lifted her head and pushed away. He let her go, merely crooking one arm behind his head to watch her.

“How do you know that?”

“I make it my business to know what’s going on around me, kitten. If you want to use my credit for something, I will know why.”

She leaned on her elbows, focusing on the swirl of dark hair in his armpit. Even that was sexy. Of course the pose also made his biceps bulge and revealed the tender skin on his inner arm.

Kiri shot him a wary look. She opened her mouth and closed it again, biting her lips to steady them. “I’ll tell you. I—I wasn’t trying to keep it a secret, honestly. Just hard to talk about.”

“What or who are you looking for?”

“Who.” Her voice cracked. “For Kai.”

“Who is he?” Stark’s voice was cool and smooth as the glass in his big windows.

Kiri looked at him, but he blurred in a wash of liquid. She blinked hard, scowling as her tears ran down her cheeks.

“My little brother. At—at least he’s not little now, but …”

Stark’s face changed, softened. He moved then, sliding his arm around her waist and pulling her against him once more. “Come here. You said your parents are gone.”

“Yes. Murdered.”

“Ah, kitten. Tell me.” He used his thumbs to swipe the tears from her cheeks.

She nestled into the heat of his body, leaning her chin on her hand, on his chest. He was so warm and she was suddenly cold, a chill that emanated from deep inside.

“I was thirteen. Kai was eight. We lived in an apartment over my parents’ shop. The neighborhood had been going downhill, and my parents were talking about getting out but they didn’t have enough credit yet.

“For my birthday the week before, they’d fixed a private sleep cubby for me in a storage area under the stairs. My airbed and my things—games, a holovid reader. It was night. I woke because I heard my father calling to Kai to hurry, to come and hide with me. But then—”

Stark’s hand cupped over the back of her head, his other arm around her. His heart beat beneath her palm, strong and steady.

“—then other voices, rough and ugly. Strangers. My—my mother screamed. I didn’t—I didn’t know what to do. Whether I should climb out and look for Kai, or stay hidden.”

She closed her eyes tightly. “Then something—someone hit the outside of my cubby and slid down. Blood leaked under my door. The pool grew and grew. I thought … it would swallow my bed.”

Stark cupped the side of her face, wiping her tears away again. “Finish it, Kiri. Then you can rest.”

“I don’t know much more. I passed out, or something. The next thing I remember was the police station.”

She took a deep breath. “They told me later my mother died on the stairs, my father outside my cubby. They—they said if he hadn’t, the slavers would have found me too. His blood sprayed—”

“Enough.” Stark turned, and pulled her into the hollow of his body, her legs between his, her face in his throat, his arms tight around her. “Enough, kitten.”

“But Logan, listen. I have to keep looking for Kai. You see that, don’t you? He’s out there somewhere, I know he is. They took him, but he’s alive somewhere and I have to find him, have to bring him home. He needs to be home, with me.”

He spoke against her hair, his hand stroking warm up and down her back. “Yes, I see that. And we’ll find him. At least… we’ll search. You do realize, kitten, that he may be…dead.”

“I know,” she whispered. “But I … I think I would feel it if he was really gone. Will you—will you help me?”

“I’ll help you.” He stroked her back again. “There’s something else,” he said. “What is it?”

Kiri nerved herself to confess the last piece of her torment. “I was a coward. I hid when I should have gone out. I could have hidden him with me. They wouldn’t have found him, and he’d be safe. With me.”

“No.” Stark’s voice was hard, implacable. “Kitten, they would only have taken you as well. You were a child. You’re not very big now; then, I’ll wager you were a skinny slip of a girl.”

He thrust his fingers under her chin and forced her head up, looking into her eyes. “No more guilt, kitten. None of what happened was your fault. It’s very common for survivors of an horrific event to experience, but you deserve none of it. It stops here, tonight.”

He waited, holding her gaze as she looked at him searchingly. He meant it. He didn’t think she was to blame for Kai’s kidnapping.

Slowly, Kiri nodded. She drew a sobbing breath of relief and relaxed against him.

Something unlocked around her heart, some hard band that kept it tightly locked away in cerametal, safe from breaking. Stark might lead her on strange new flight ways, might inveigle her into acts she’d never dreamed of, but he was beside her all the way, his arms around her, his deep voice in her ear, his will adamant. She could trust him.

At long last, she was not alone.



***



The next morning Stark woke Kiri with a kiss. She stirred and opened her eyes slowly to smile at him. With her looking at him like that from his pillow, he considered getting back in the bed with her. However, he was already dressed for his office, a full slate of meetings set.

“All right?” he asked her.

She nodded, looking shy. “I—I haven’t told anyone about my family—about what happened since I was sent to the orphanage. Thank you for listening.”

A strange, sweet pain swelled in his chest. He brushed his fingertips along her cheek. “Thank you, kitten. You honored me by sharing it. I’ll see you this evening. We’ll have dinner at Jasmine.”

She grinned crookedly. “Starry. This time I can dress appropriately.”

He chuckled. “Yes you can.”

When he walked into his New Seattle office, a slim, erect Indigon woman bowed politely from the desk outside his private office. “Sir.”

He smiled at her. He had a full day of meetings, but first he wanted Kiri’s affairs settled.

“Azura. Any information yet on the investigator, Finder?”

The Indigon nodded gravely. “Afraid so, sir. The man was once reputable, but no longer. He gambles.”

Stark bit back a curse. More gambling. Kiri te Nawa attracted trouble like a black hole attracted space matter. Lucky for him he had learned long ago how to tip the odds in his favor. “How bad?”

“It is apparently an addiction, sir. He had no credit left and was in debt to the Lucky Moon Casino in New Seattle until he received the credit from your account. However, instead of paying his debt, he bought a ticket on a galactic transport.”

“And he’s now on his way to ... where?” Stark asked.

“He is enroute to Frontiera, sir.”

Not Serpentia, as he’d promised his client. Frontiera, the wild planet with plenty of room for a man or woman to disappear.

“Would you like the authorities alerted to his arrival, sir?” she asked crisply.

Stark nodded. “Yes. I want to know if he’s actually gotten any information for Ms. te Nawa or if the entire search has been a fraud.”

Finder might have information to pass on, at least a starting point. Because Stark meant to involve the IBI, Intergalactic Bureau of Investigation, as well as a private investigator of his own who would work with them. If Kai te Nawa was alive and on one of the planets that registered citizens, they would find him.

If he was dead, or elsewhere, Stark would help Kai’s sister deal with that.

That evening, he took Kiri to dinner at Jasmine again. She was indeed appropriately dressed in a long wrap sweater and wide-legged slacks the color of a ripe orange. She wore his collar, as Stark had informed her he wanted it visible on her throat when they were out together, and a wide cuff bracelet of beaten gold that he gave her before they left their rooms.

Every time she moved her hand, to pick up her glass or take a bite, he watched her eyes slide to the cuff and pause.

“I take it you like the bracelet,” he said, amused.

She smiled. “I may never take it off.”

“Good. I’ll enjoy fucking you wearing only my gifts of jewelry.”

And he did.



***



The next day Kiri worked out with Rak, and then Natan gave her a cooking lesson. This started when she asked him how he got the scrambled eggs so fluffy. Upon learning she’d never scrambled an egg, his pale green hair nearly stood on end, and he whisked her into his galley.

Since Stark was gone for the day and Maury had insisted on opening Kiri’s Kaffe herself that morning, Kiri followed Natan. All she’d had room or equipment for in her tiny apartment was to heat packaged foods and cut up the occasional aqua-farmed fresh fruit or veg. Natan had every kind of cooking equipment she’d ever seen and many she hadn’t.

By the end of their session, she’d learned to make several simple recipes including Stark’s favorite cookies with bits of real dark chocolate. In return, she taught Natan a few things about choosing and grinding coffee beans for the most flavorful brew.

They then had a spirited discussion on creating the perfect latte. Natan was adamant that one must have real cream and Kiri was just as adamant that flavored soy creamer was the best. Their discussion was saved from degenerating into an actual argument only by Natan’s impeccable manners. Plus, she was so fascinated by the way his hair waved around his throat when he was agitated that she kept losing her train of thought.

Then Rak stuck his head in the galley, brows raised. “Those cookies I smell?”

Kiri waved her hand at the array of plump, crisp cookies on the trays. “Try one. My first batch.”

He picked one up, took a bit and nodded. “Almost as good as yours, Natan.”

Natan smiled smugly.

“I doubt they’ll ever match Natan’s,” Kiri admitted. “But my coffee’s better.”

The chef nodded graciously. “It is indeed.”

She grinned. Hard to stay mad at a Pangaean. They were too darn diplomatic.

“All right,” Rak swallowed his bite of cookie and grabbed another. “Time for your self-defense lesson.”

Kiri hurried to change and meet the pilot back in the small gym.

Soon Kiri was not only perspiring, she was rubbing a new bruise on her thigh.

“All right, let’s try that one again,” Rak said.

“I’ll need to go to the space port after lunch,” she said. She still had a business to run.

“You should stay put. Things are bad on the streets.” He frowned at her.

She frowned back. “Stark doesn’t stay home just because things are bad.”

“Y’know, he’s just looking after your personal safety.” He moved into a new attack pose, and Kiri watched him carefully.

“I know,” she said. “So sweet of him.”

Rak gave her a look that said he didn’t trust her compliance, but he merely showed her how to repel an attack from the rear. After the third time, Kiri succeeded in slipping free. She whooped in triumph.

“If I’d had a blade or a shocker, you’d be down and out,” he told her sourly.

She took a deep breath and faced him, ignoring the weariness tugging at her. “So show me how to avoid that next.”

“The most important thing is to always be aware. Who’s around. Some of the races are too big to fight, and some are too fast. A Serp can have you tied in a knot before you blink. Better have a laser ready for one o’ them. Now, that ganger that shoved you into the sex room? She was human and smaller than you, but she got the drop on you because you weren’t expecting trouble.”

“Next time I will be,” Kiri gritted. That bitch was going down if Kiri even saw her again.

“Uh-huh. Which brings me to the number one rule for personal safety. Stay out of areas where trouble lurks. And in this damn city, it’s everywhere. Slavers, druggers looking for their next fix, and all the rest of the port garbage.”

Kiri nodded respectfully. That was the truth. The concourse where she worked was safe during the busy hours, but the gambler had been murdered in the service passage behind his business. But she had the shocker now.

She showered and Rak flew her to the space port. Kiri looked around as the hoverway carried her through the space port. Her heart gave a thump of excitement as she spotted an empty kiosk on a busy corner with a neat holovid sign that read ‘For Lease’. She’d talk to Stark about that this evening.

She spent the afternoon working beside Maury and then turned the stand over to her niece for the evening. Rak picked her up and they flew to Stark’s penthouse.

He was in his office, the door closed, so she smiled at Natan who was bringing a tray with a carafe and single cup and a glass of blush wine from the galley. Stark, she had learned, could and did drink coffee at any hour of the day or evening. Natan smiled back, handed her the glass of wine and carried his tray into Stark’s office.

In her room, she found a set of beautiful luggage waiting, cream with silver fittings. There were two big cases and one smaller one, which she opened to find cosmetic and jewelry cases. She fingered them. Holy quark, she was really going to travel with Logan. Her hand shook and she took another hasty drink of wine before she spilled it. Her, in deep space? She wondered if ships doctors administered sedatives to travelers who were scared out of their wits?

She showered, changed into a poppy-red sweater and leggings, draining her wine as she applied light cosmetics, then hurried through the penthouse to Stark’s office. Natan had left the door cracked and she could hear Stark’s voice inside.

She peered through the crack in the door. He sat in his big office chair, his back to the door and two holovids open before him. She wouldn’t bother him if he was involved in business. Maybe she’d just go get another glass of wine to calm her nerves. But Stark’s tone held her there.

“I don’t care if they think I’m playing favorites,” he was saying, a bite in his voice. “Masterson understands family comes first, the rest of them will just have to fall in line. I’ll be on Frontiera in two weeks. We’ll discuss the deal in more detail when we tour the site.”

On the left, a lean, hawk-faced man with burnished blond hair sat somewhere with a bowl of blue behind him and bright light on his face. A clear sky and sunlight on snowcapped mountains. Frontiera, and these would be his brothers. That must be Creed, the precious metals miner.

In the other holovid, a man lounged against a backdrop of woven fabric. His long hair was the darkest auburn Kiri had ever seen. Joran’s eyes were Stark’s, his face similar enough to tell they were brothers, but subtly different. His skin was deeply tanned.

Kiri meant to announce her presence, but she was too fascinated with this glimpse into Stark’s two closest relationships.

Joran was grinning at Stark. “So you’re bringing your latest woman with you? This one must be special, if you think you can abide her company for nearly a month of traveling.”

The blond man cocked his head, looking cautiously hopeful. “Saw the two of you in the latest news from Earth II. She special?”

Kiri waited, biting back a smile of pure glee. Stark’s brothers were teasing him about her. She held her breath, waiting for his response.

What she heard pricked her buoyant mood like the slash of a cutter.

Stark shook his head, his voice calm, even cold. “She’s lovely, she doesn’t bore me and she’s half-Tygean, which I believe says it all, hmm?”

Kiri’s smile slipped away. She let out a huff of breath, pain striking her belly as if he’d punched her.

Joran laughed. “Purrs for you, does she?”

Creed frowned. “Thought maybe this one—”

Stark cut him off. “Creed. She’s no one special, so don’t start spinning moon dreams. You know my requirements in a woman are simple. A sweet cunt and not too much irritation.”

Joran shook his head, grinning. Stark grunted, clearly done. He asked his brother a question and Joran answered, but Kiri noticed only peripherally.

She stepped back very carefully from the doorway and then turned and walked back to her room. She sank onto the side of her bed. Her stomach knotted, and she felt chilled despite the warmth of the room.

‘A sweet cunt and not too much irritation’. That’s all she was to him? Last night, the way she’d shared with him … had his reassurance just been to calm her down so she’d relax and go to sleep?

Her bitter laugh broke on a sob. He’d warned her. He’d told her that very first time not to read anymore into this than sex play. But without even noticing, she’d done it anyway. Begun to think of herself as part of his life, as someone important to him.

God, she was so stupid. Like a stray cat, rubbing up against anyone who threw some good scraps her way, thinking that meant she belonged.

She didn’t … not here.





 28

Kiri’s comlink chimed, jerking her from her bitter reverie. She glared at the hovertray which waited at her side. She had to clench her fists to resist the urge to throw the whole thing against the wall. Unfortunately, the wine would stain the pretty walls, and comlinks were practically indestructible, so she ignored it, turning away to pace across the room, swallowing the tears of fury that wanted to erupt.

She was tougher than this. She was not some stupid little twit who’d sit around and whine over a man. So what if Stark was using her for sex? So, she’d use him too. For credit. As soon as she had enough she was out of here. And if that made her a whore, she guessed she’d learn to live with that. Couldn’t hurt anymore than his words.

She was alone again, all the warm certainty of the night before swept away with one careless wave of his hand. Stark reality—for her, that meant depending on no one else. Just like always.

The waiting link chimed again. She swept up her comlink, ready to throw it this time.

Tal smirked at her from the screen, a twilight figure with his black braids and bold tattoos. She hadn’t planned to have any more to do with the ganger. Stark certainly wouldn’t like it. Which was reason enough in itself. Her jaw set, she opened the link.

“Hey, star baby,” Tal said lazily. He was leaning against a dark wall, wind swirling around him. His braids and the skirt of his leather duster stirred. He was chewing something—licorice gum, probably.

“What do you want?”

His crystalline gaze slipped over her, and his eyes narrowed. “Drinking alone? I could fix that.”

“Maybe I like to drink alone.” She picked up the wine and took a long swallow. It tasted sour on her tongue, but she forced it down.

He continued to watch her with the alertness of a predator. “Shame, a starry babe like you drinking alone. Your man leave you home while he’s off cruising and bruising?”

She rolled her eyes. “That sounds like you, Tal Darkrunner. Stark is more likely to be flying and buying. Or soaring and whoring.” Actually he could do that right here—with her.

He chuckled, that whisper of sound characteristic of his dark humor. “How I keep my associates in line. Him, now—he should not be out whoring, not with you waiting alone at home.” Temper edged these last words.

Kiri took another drink of her wine, ignoring this hint that he would treat her differently. “And again, what do you want with me?”

“Told you I have something of yours.”

The hair on the back of her neck stood up. “Something of mine?” He couldn’t. The fire had completely destroyed her apartment.

He held up a small rectangular object, smirking at her.

“My box?” she breathed. She was shaking, her mind popping with fizzes like Stark’s sex balls. “You have my strongbox?” She’d been so sure it was destroyed in the explosion, she hadn’t even bothered to ask if anything had been found in the rubble.

He nodded once.

“How—how did you get it?”

He gave her a look. “Don’t ask. Plenty of looting went on before the fire. Point is, you want it back, come and get it.”

“Wait.” She raked her fingers through her short curls. “I can’t come to your place. Will you meet me somewhere? Like at a club? Please?”

“The Flash. Wear something sexy.”

She started to nod and then groaned. “Wait, wait. He’s here tonight. Can we meet tomorrow?”

He gave her a knowing smirk. “Gonna sneak around behind his back?”

She mimicked his smirk, narrowing her eyes at him. “Don’t worry about me.”

“Not tomorrow, I got a deal going down. Has to be tonight.” His smile disappeared, leaving behind a dangerous man. “You make me wait, gonna cost you more, baby.”

The link winked out, and Kiri blew out a shaky breath. By cost, she knew he didn’t mean credit.

Okay, she had to stay calm. She’d worry about his price later. Right now she had to figure out how to meet him. She was under no illusions as to what Stark would think of her meeting a ganger. Although she wasn’t sure why she cared what Stark thought anymore.

Her hand shaking, she drained her wineglass. If Tal had linked her even an hour ago, she would have asked for Stark’s protection, his help. Her face crumpled, and she dropped the empty wineglass, hands to her face.

His words echoed in her head. ‘She’s no one special … half-Tygean, that says it all.’ Because it amused him to make her purr for him?

Damn him to the seven hells. She’d rather choke than ask him for help. And she wouldn’t ask Rak to go with her, because he and Natan had been with Stark for a while. They probably saw her the way Stark did, just another throw-away sex-companion.

No, it would have to be someone outside his household. Illyria? No, Taara. She’d pretend she just wanted that girls’ night in.

That box was too important to lose. She’d do whatever it took to get it back, and Stark be damned. And if that was foolish pride, well, her pride was all that was holding her together. And it would have to keep her warm as well, for the foreseeable future.



***



Stark gave Kiri a quizzical look across the dinner table. “Nervous about our voyage?”

“Hmm? Why?” She looked up from her plate in polite inquiry.

He looked pointedly at the food she was pushing around. “You’ve drunk a glass of wine but scarcely touched your food.”

“Oh, yeah,” she said. “You’re right. I’m really nervous.”

“The Orion is state of the art,” he reminded her. “With the best captain and crew available. Should anything go wrong, there are other Alliance ships within com distance for the entire journey. But in five voyages, she’s had no trouble.”

She gave him a look. “No trouble? I watch the news holovids, Stark.” She wasn’t calling him Logan, ever again.

He shrugged. “Those incidents were all caused by a business rival attempting to sabotage my flagship. He is now dead, and his company under the close supervision of the IGSF.”

She managed a nod. Keep the conversation going, anything but him watching her in silence.

“It’s just … deep space, you know? So, I thought I’d drop by Taara’s and visit for an hour or so. Take my mind off the trip.”

She resisted the urge to fidget as he studied her. “All packed?”

“Yup. Got everything ready. Thank you for the luggage. It’s beautiful.” She’d thrown things into the cases willy-nilly, more for something to do while she waited to leave than anything else.

He nodded, continuing to watch her, a line between his brows. “You’re sure that’s all that’s bothering you? You can tell me if you’ve a problem, you know.”

Hurt roiled along with anger, a hot ball of pressure behind her eyes. Oh, quark, she was not going to cry over a few kind words from him. Not like he really meant them. She stared back at him, only her long years of practice keeping her expression stony.

“Yeah, thanks. That’s ... so sweet.”

The change in his expression was minute, but she smirked. “Not liking sweet? How about, ‘That’s very businesslike of you, Stark. Glad you’re looking out for your latest acquisition.’”

He put down his napkin. “Yes, I am. See to it that you do the same tonight. Stay at your friend’s place until Rak picks you up, hmm?”

She rose and he caught her with an arm around her waist, leaning down to brush a kiss on her temple. “I know you’re nervous, kitten,” he said. “It will be all right.”

For an instant, unable to resist his pull, Kiri leaned into him. His fingers under her chin, he tipped her head back, holding her there as he plundered her mouth with his. She clung to him, part of her wanting nothing more than to stay there. Instead she broke the kiss. It would never be all right again.

“See you later.”

“You could stay here,” he said, his eyes slumberous as he stroked her ass. “I’ve several new toys I haven’t shown you.”

She stiffened and he smiled wickedly.

“Yeah, I just bet you do,” she said, her voice cracking. “Um, maybe you could bring one or two on the ship. I’m gonna need distracting from all that deep space.” If she boarded the ship.

She pulled free of his arms. She could feel him watching her as she walked away. But now it felt as if he was viewing an acquisition, not a person he valued.

He’d soon find this acquisition had a mind of her own.





 29

Rak ferried her to the landing for Taara’s apartment building and walked her to the door. Kiri stiffened her spine against the guilt eating at her. She was lying not only to Stark but this man, who’d befriended her. If Rak found out, he’d be so disappointed in her.

If Stark found out … he’d throw her ass out on the street.

For her strongbox, she reminded herself. She couldn’t believe it still existed, wouldn’t believe it if Tal hadn’t shown it to her. And the memories it held were at least true, unlike the starry bubble in which she’d existed for the last weeks.

Taara opened her door with a wide smile, bouncing on her toes with excitement. “Hi,” she greeted Kiri. “Are you ready to party?”

“Right here, right now,” Kiri agreed, holding up the bottle of Cremarté Natan had given her. When she asked him for a bottle of something to give a friend, he’d assured her the sweet, powerful liqueur was a favorite of Serpentians.

“Perfect,” Taara squealed. “Come on in. Are you coming in, Rak?”

The pilot shook his head, already backing away. “Link me when you’re ready to go,” he told Kiri.

Taara gave Kiri a broad wink and whisked her into her apartment. “He didn’t suspect a thing,” she crowed, waving the bottle as she led the way into her tiny galley. “Come on, let’s have a drink to celebrate before we head out. This is gonna be so starry. And I promise I won’t take off with any guys tonight. I felt kinda bad about that last time.”

“No problem,” Kiri assured her. She took the tiny glass Taara offered her.

“Here’s to a starry night,” Taara said, and tipped back her glass, swallowing the creamy liqueur in one gulp.

Kiri followed suit. She swallowed and then gasped. The liqueur was liquid cinnamon fire, with only the cream to keep it from burning a hole in her insides.

“Sorry,” Taara was already pouring another glass for each of them. “Forgot to warn you. Serpentians are a little tougher when it comes to hot stuff.”

Kiri nodded, but she took the second drink. She needed some liquid courage for what lay ahead.

Taara cocked her head, a slight frown on her face. “Are you okay?” she asked. “We can just stay in, y’know. Talk.”

“I’m fine,” Kiri protested. “Just nervous about the flight. Let’s go.”

Taara nodded, accepting this explanation.

The two of them scurried down the back stairway and then took the elevator from two floors down, just in case Rak was watching the elevator on Taara’s floor. From the street, dark and wet and dirty, they climbed to the landing platform for the local airbus and rode it across the city.

Crowds of young people hung out on the street outside The Flash. On the short walk from the airbus landing, Taara and Kiri were importuned for credit, sex and the dubious shelter of a religious cult. Kiri paid the entrance fee for both of them and the huge bouncer let them in through the single front door.

“Is Tal Darkrunner here?” Kiri asked.

The Mau looked them over with insulting thoroughness and smirked at Kiri. “Tal’s table is in the back.”

Her stomach jumping, Kiri led the way into the club, which was filled with an eerie purple twilight and the sharp lance of laser flashes through the air above the crowd. Techno-barb music thumped and screeched from the band on the floating stage. Smaller cages swerved through the air, with nude dancers writhing inside. The air was full of smoke, sweat and perfume, the scent of sex in every dark corner.

“You’re meeting Tal?” Taara shrieked in Kiri’s ear, her eyes wide. “Why?”

Kiri nodded. “He has something I need.”

Taara recoiled. “Not drugs?”

Kiri shook her head vehemently. “No, I don’t do that crap. It’s a—a memento.”

“Ooh, a love token?”

“No,” Kiri said, although her cheeks burned. “More like something Tal stole. Or his gangers did.”

“But what about Stark?” her friend asked. “Won’t he be angry? Kiri, I think this is a bad idea.”

“What about him?” Kiri shot back. “This has nothing to do with Stark. Tal has something very important to me. Let’s leave it at that.”

Taara looked troubled, but she followed Kiri through the knots of people drinking and laughing, the laser flashes illuminating them in weird detail. A flash of orange hair, a face picked out in glitter, a smile rimmed with metal, and clothing from the bizarre to the barely there. A lower class of partier than Le Tigre, the laughter here tinged with despair and distorted by drugs.

There were small tables with people standing around them, but finally they reached the back, where larger tables were surrounded by chairs, all of them full.

Tal’s table was the farthest back, and he lounged with his back against the wall, a woman on either side of him. The rest of the table was full of his gang. Every man had a scantily clad woman on his lap. Kiri stopped on the far side of the table, Taara at her shoulder. Tal said something, and both his hangers-on pouted but rose from their chairs to move away.

Kiri expected Tal to beckon to her, but instead he rose, a lean dangerous figure in his black leathers. He prowled around the table to them. “You stay here,” he said to Taara. “Drinks on me.”

He slid his arm around Kiri, his hand on her hip. She wanted to slap it away, but that wouldn’t get her what she wanted.

“I’ll be right back,” she mouthed to Taara. Her friend’s eyes were big.

Kiri frowned up at Tal. “You tell one of your guys to look after her.”

He simply pointed at one of the younger men leaning against the wall. The blond man nodded and beckoned to Taara. He smiled at her as he motioned her to one of the empty chairs. Taara sat, but she didn’t smile back.

“She’ll be fine.” Tal propelled her through the crowd toward the shadows of the rear. The crowd parted for them, wary gazes on Tal.

Kiri avoided the curious gazes turned her way. She was the envy of many of these women, and some of the men, but her muscles were tight with dread. Tal was taking her somewhere, which probably meant he expected sex. She didn’t want him touching her. She didn’t want any man who wasn’t Stark touching her and that was just wrong because he didn’t really want her, just her body.

She shivered, chilled despite the heat of the room and the weight of Tal’s arm. The chill grew worse when the doors ahead groaned open, and Tal propelled her outside onto a landing pad. Rain was pelting down on the awning overhead. The air stank of old metal and pavement, and things she didn’t want to know about.

“Where’s my box?” she demanded, digging in her heels.

A slider whispered to a stop before them. Gleaming ebony with faint gold tracings. The near hatch hissed open, and Tal pushed her forward. “Get in.”

Inside, Kiri perched on the leather seat. There was no one else in the cab. She could see the driver in the cockpit. Tal slid in beside her, and the hatch closed. She felt the jolt as they glided forward. The slider smelled of the spicy cologne he wore, and of leather and the night.

Tal looked down at her in the soft gold light of the small, ornate glowlamps. His face gleamed like molded cerametal, his tattoos mysterious shadows with his light eyes glowing in their midst. He reached out and touched her face, tracing a finger down her cheek. “You are a starry one, Kiri te Nawa. A man would do a lot to have you for his own.”

“Cut it out, Tal. I just want my box.”

As if she hadn’t spoken, Tal rubbed the pad of his thumb over her lower lip, pressing it slightly inside. She could taste the salt on his skin. He inhaled and hooked his hand around the back of her neck, pulling her toward him. He was all bone and muscle and leather, hard and tensile against her.

“Come to me, Kiri,” he crooned, his breath warm and scented with licorice. “Be my lady. No one else can touch you. I’ll give you everything you ask for—everything you can dream of.”

Kiri pressed her hand against the smooth leather of his coat, trembling with the effort not to shove at him. “I told you, I’m with Stark now.” Not for much longer, but Tal needn’t know that.

His hands tightened. “He’s out whoring and you’ll stay with him anyway? I thought you had more spine than that?”

“I have plenty of spine,” she said coldly. “I don’t have to share my reasons with you, Tal.”

“He’s cheating on you. I wouldn’t,” he ground out, almost unwillingly.

She laughed, a cynical burst of humor. “Yes, you would, Tal. You’re just like him, on to the next woman that catches your eye, using your credit to get what you want. You’d be faithful for about five secs.”

For one terrified moment, she feared he was going to strike her or even strangle her. His crystal eyes blazed into hers. “I could make you beg.”

The slider swayed and turned under them. The glowlamps flickered across the hard plains of his face and on the ebony gloss of his braids, on the metal studs on his jacket.

Kiri forced her voice through dry lips, her heart pounding. “Yeah, but we both know you don’t need to. Women are all over you. Beautiful women.”

He glowered at her for a long moment. But then he laughed his strange, whispering laugh, and his grip relaxed. “You’re right, starry girl, on both counts. I can have as many as I want at one time. Hooray for me.”

He stroked her cheek again, something like regret in his gaze. “So, if you’re not gonna be my lady, gonna have to do something else with you. Not safe.”

Kiri jerked against his grip, terror slicing through her. “What are you talking about? Not safe? Tal, what have you done?”

His heavy brows drew together. “Somebody’s angry with you, girl. Angry enough to want you gone ... for good.”

“What? No,” she choked, fighting him now in earnest. He hadn’t brought her here to seduce her at all—like Stark, he’d only been toying with her.

She clawed at his face, struck warm skin and dug her nails in before he grabbed her wrist. With her other hand she scrabbled in her jacket pocket for the shocker, but as her fingers closed around it, something pricked the side of her throat. Ice spread, sheeting across her vision, so she was stared at him through it, unable to reach him, or move.

“I’m sorry, star baby.” Tal cradled her close. She guessed he couldn’t feel the chill. “So quarking sorry. You should’ve chosen me. I would’ve kept you safe.”

Then the ice thickened and locked out everything but the slow pounding of her heart, until even that faded into blackness.

Logan ...





 30

Stark stood before the windows in his penthouse, Rak’s holovid image hovered before him. Outside rain lashed against the windows, the lights of craft glimmering like koi darting through a murky pond. Stark ignored them, fury burning in his gut.

“What do you mean, she’s disappeared?” he demanded.

“I delivered Ms. te Nawa to her friend’s apartment,” Rak said, misery in every line of his stance. “She was supposed to stay there. But according to her friend, the two of them slipped out and took an airbus to that club, The Flash. Taara says Ms. te Nawa told her she had to meet someone there and get back something that belonged to her.”

“Meet who?” Stark had a blackish feeling he already knew. He’d known she was up to something, his sly little cat, but he’d told himself she was merely suffering an attack of nerves. Instead she’d gone off to meet a former lover, a ganger.

“Tal Darkrunner,” Rak confirmed heavily. “He led Ms. te Nawa off into the crowd and neither of them came back. Taara had a drink with his gang while she waited and then asked them to find Darkrunner for her, but they told her to go home.”

“Kiri went with him willingly?”

“Yes, sir. But Taara says she ‘just knows’ Ms. te Nawa wouldn’t take off and leave her like that, so she called the police.”

Stark wouldn’t have thought Kiri would sneak out to meet the ganger, either. Perhaps neither he nor this Taara knew her at all. This was beginning to feel like a hellish repeat of a very old nightmare. And perhaps it was. He remembered the way she’d pouted when she asked why he had to travel to Frontiera. At the time he’d put it down to nerves, but perhaps it was jealousy.

“And you’ve linked the police as well?” he asked automatically.

“Yes, sir. They don’t know anything yet. I’ve got our people on it, too.”

“Find Darkrunner,” Stark ordered. “He’s the key to this. I want everyone on it you can muster. If she’s with him of her own free will, then that’s an end to it.”

And an end to them. He let the rage inside him grow. It was better than the other emotion that waited to spring from the back of the night. Fear, because he knew as well as any being on this planet what waited for the unprotected down there in the dirty streets, the filthy back alleys.

“But if he took her ... I want him in front of me. I’ll beat it out of him if I have to. Set watch on every place known to belong to him and every place he goes. I want him, if it takes calling in every favor owed me.”

“Yes, sir. I’ll get back to you as soon as I hear anything.”

Stark broke the link and started to pace back and forth in his living room.

Stark saw instead a pair of golden eyes and heard Kiri’s husky laugh that always broke in the middle, heard her moan his name as he thrust into her. He knew her passion had been genuine—there was no mistaking the feel of a woman’s orgasm when his cock was buried deep inside her.

But had the shy admiration in her golden gaze, her pleasure in his company been real as well? Those could be faked and had been by women since time began. He’d taken a gamble hooking up with her. She was not a professional courtesan, who would please him and then slip discreetly away. She was not one from the wealthy strata in which he now moved. She was a wild card, and he knew very well she was a bit of a hustler, not averse to finding herself in the lap of luxury.

But at least he’d believed her different than Adora. Had he outsmarted himself with Kiri, thinking that because he knew her for a cat looking for a soft landing, he was immune to any plays she might make?

No, until he knew differently, he had to assume she’d been taken.

Fear slashed again, with talons long and sharp. His little cat was out there somewhere, perhaps taken for some unscrupulous purpose. He would find her. He had to. And then he’d collar her, with jewels and a leash if necessary.

And if Darkrunner had made off with her, the ganger would discover as others had that Stark had grown up in these mean streets of New Seattle. He’d killed before to protect what was his, and if necessary, he’d do it again.

But was she his, or was his credit worth so much to her that she’d prostituted herself to him for it, even though she wanted another man?

He stopped in the middle of the room, shaking off his bitter doubt. That made no sense. Darkrunner was a ganger lord—he was involved in all manner of illicit commerce and probably had access at times to as much credit as Stark himself. If Kiri wanted to go to him, why involve Stark first? Unless he’d simply found her in a vulnerable moment. Unless she’d had a taste of him and decided she wanted Darkrunner after all.

Stark rolled his shoulders in his suit. He wished Daron Navos was within range of a fast cruiser. He could use an Indigon’s intuitive skills right now. His admin assistant was part Indigon, but her intuition was limited to her family and an occasional sense about a business deal. He had good people on Earth II, he reminded himself, and they were searching for Kiri and for Darkrunner.

Meanwhile, he needed to pound something. Time for a workout with his sparring robot.



***



Haassea linked him as he was walking into his bathroom. He was breathing hard, perspiring, his muscles tired from a hard workout. Wiping sweat from his face with the towel around his neck, he nodded to her, although he was not in the mood for a conversation.

She wore lii silk nightwear, her hair tumbling about her shoulders, but her expression was somber.

“Logan,” she said. “Your people were just here, looking for Kiri—Ms. te Nawa. What’s happened?”

He took a deep breath and let it out. Her gaze traveled down over his bare torso to his brief shorts then returned to his face. “She’s missing.”

“Oh.” She looked away, her winged brows lowering. She fidgeted with a fold of her gown and then looked back up at him, distress clear in her gaze. “Logan, I received a very troubling comlink this evening. I don’t know what it means or why it was sent to me. But you need to see it.”

“About what?” Impatience simmered, and he wanted nothing more than to put her off and break the link. “If it’s business, I can’t—”

“It’s Kiri,” she cut in. “It’s not good, Logan. Link me back if you need to. I’ll be glad to come over, or—”

“Haassea,” he cut in sharply. “The link. At once, please.”

She nodded. The link winked out. Stark stood, his chest tight with foreboding.

The new link chimed. He opened it, and the floor fell away beneath him. The link was of Kiri, walking into a dark, crowded club, harsh music filling the dim air. She wore a fitted leather ensemble that nipped her small waist and cupped her rounded ass. Her short, sleek hair shone in the glowlamps.

The blonde Taara was at her side. She leaned close to Kiri, concern clear on her pretty face.

“What about Stark?” the blonde asked over the music.

“What about him?” Kiri repeated, her face hard in a way Stark had not seen since that first night.

He braced his hands on the desk in front of him. They tightened into fists, his arms shaking with the effort of not throwing the comlink against the wall. ‘What about him?’ Had he really heard her say those words, in that cold voice?

The scene changed, to Kiri walking down a hallway, threading her way through loiterers.

One of the doors lining the hallway opened just as the crowd shifted. Kiri disappeared through the door, and it closed. The link switched to inside the small room, mostly taken up by a plain leather divan.

Stark growled in sheer fury as he saw the lean man leaning on the end of the divan. Darkrunner.

Kiri turned away, and the ganger moved close behind her.

“I have something you want.”

She cocked her head, in flirtation or caution, Stark couldn’t tell. “Really?”

The man leaned closer, inhaling her scent, his braids brushing over her cheek. “Stay, and I’ll give it to you.”

Kiri closed her eyes. Stark froze as she shivered in a way he remembered all too well.

The link changed again, and the floor fell away beneath him. He reached out one hand and steadied himself against the wall. Kiri lay on the bed, nude. Even in the dim light he could see it was her. He’d know that lithe, curving body anywhere.

Even with another man moving over her, in the cradle of her thighs, ass pumping as he thrust inside her hard until both of them arched in completion.

Stark turned blindly back into the gym. Rage burned inside him, more than he could bear. With a growl that began low in his chest and built to a roar, he picked up one of the heavy weights waiting on a rack and heaved it across the gym. It slammed into a wall and thudded to the mats. He threw another and another and another, until the rack was empty and he was staggering in the aftermath of emotion, like a man buffeted by the wash of a craft taking off.

She’d snuck out of his home, out of his arms to go to that ganger.

And he’d stood in this place before. Only that time it had been in person. He’d walked into his own bedroom and found his woman—the woman on whom he’d hung all his youthful dreams—in the arms of another man. Never again. He would not go through this again, not for her or any woman. No matter how beguiling.

Kiri te Nawa was a cat all right—a clever, conniving, faithless little cat. And he was done with her. If Darkrunner was what she wanted, he was what she’d have.

He turned to find Natan standing silently in the doorway, his eyes wide, hair wrapped tightly about his neck.

“Make sure I’m packed,” Stark told him, his voice dull and hoarse. “I have a flight to catch.”





 31

Stark dined at the captain’s table on his flagship, Orion. He’d boarded that morning, greeted his captain and crew commanders, and gone about his usual routine of attending their first meeting, touring the ship, visiting with members of the crew and several passengers. And if those who knew him best, like Captain Steve Craig, watched him with dawning concern, he ignored this and expected them to keep it to themselves.

He enjoyed a vigorous workout with his Serpentian ship’s guard, stretched, showered and changed.

As he forked up fresh pasta, baby vegetables and Aquarian sole in a delicate cream sauce, Stark surveyed the large dining room of his flagship. All around him, beings relaxed in elegant surroundings during their galactic traverse. They ate and drank and chatted, enjoying the fresh gourmet cuisine, the best the galaxy had to offer.

There were wealthy tourists from several planets including humans, Serpentians, Pangaeans and even an Egglantian or two. Barillians trilled in harmonic conversation. Farther on, two tables of Tygers laughed and argued. With so many of the volatile shifters on board, the crew commanders were hoping none of the Tygeans would experience the pull of their mating moons. The Orion had been through that once before.

Beyond them several tables of sturdy, plainly clothed men, women and children ate and talked. By now the Frontiera-bound emigrants had gotten over most of their awe of the elegant ship but were still on their best behavior. From the rowdy look of some of them, Stark hoped that continued.

He wondered what their reaction would be if they knew the immaculate, urbane crew commanders seated with him around the captain’s table had all, at one time or another, engaged in violent battles aboard this very ship to save her from deadly saboteurs.

Captain Steve Craig was bent attentively toward his wife, Tessa. Lovely and very pregnant, she was also part-Serpentian and capable of killing with one blow of her slender legs or arms. She’d nearly died herself, fighting to stop two of her fellow ships guard bent on sabotage.

To her left sat an Indigon couple, with pale skin, black hair and compelling blue eyes. Commander Daron Navos, second in command and one of the coldest beings Stark had ever met, and his bride. It still amazed Stark that this bastion of intellect had unbent far enough to marry, apparently for love. The two were eating silently, but as Nelah suddenly smiled and cast a secret glance at her husband, Stark suspected they were having a very private conversation of their own. They’d used their intuitive skills to vanquish an enemy on board Orion as well.

As Navos arched a brow at his wife, Stark looked away. The last thing he’d ever desire was a woman who could see inside his very thoughts. In fact, from now on, he’d be sticking to women who asked nothing of him, other than perhaps some form of payment for their services.

He took a sip of his wine and considered the next couple at the table. Tryon and Calla Jag were both full-blood Tygeans. With the golden skin, hair and eyes of their people, they exuded sensuality. Jag was a big man, about Stark’s size, but Calla was much smaller. About Kiri’s size and weight. When she gave her husband a sultry glance from under her lashes, something clicked into place in his mind. She bore more resemblance to Kiri than size. It could only be hoped Calla did not share the same moral compass.

Jag narrowed his eyes at Stark. “I assume you’ve a good reason for staring at my wife.”

Calla gave her husband a look of reprimand and looked apologetically at Stark. Jag laid a long, heavy arm over the back of her chair.

Stark smiled briefly. “As a matter of fact, I recently met a ... woman and wonder if she might share some of your heritage. Calla reminds me of her. Although Calla is much more attractive.”

“What’s her name?” Calla asked.

“Kiri te Nawa.” And why in the name of the great God beyond had he brought her into the conversation? His gut knotted, and Stark pushed his plate away, revolted by the food remaining on it.

Both Tygeans shook their heads. “Te Nawa is not a Tygean name,” Jag said. “But Kiri could be.”

“I went to school with a Kiri,” Calla put in. “So yes. Where does she live?”

“Earth II,” Stark said. “Port of New Seattle. But she was only a ... passing acquaintance, really.” He caught an odd look from Captain Craig and glanced away. Of course Craig had seen her on holovid, so he may have gotten the wrong idea about Stark’s relationship with her. No matter.

The Pangaean waitstaff appeared to clear their plates and offer coffee with dessert, a narrow sliver of cheesecake drizzled with plumquot sauce on a dark chocolate crust. Stark refused the dessert but nodded his thanks as the waiter filled his cup with hot coffee. Then the fragrance reminded him of sitting at his breakfast table, a flirtatious smile beaming at him from over another cup. He reached for the wine instead.

“Hear the rioting’s worse there,” Craig said. “Are your holdings safe, Logan?”

The others listened as Stark answered. “As safe as anything in the area. I’ve armed guards and laser security.”

“I don’t know how you can bear to be so close to fighting,” Commander Mra said. Her green hair curled tightly about her throat.

“Your own planet is one of the few that manages to remain peaceful,” he told her. “Pangaeans could teach the rest of us about negotiation as opposed to fighting.”

And he had no intention of giving up all his holdings on Earth II. There was savage satisfaction in each and every flight over the dirty, dangerous city in one of his sleek, high-tech craft. Too much triumph every time he took over a business thriving on forced labor and turned it into a viable piece of LodeStar Enterprises, with the former slaves now free employees, and the dark alleys in the area cleaned and well-lighted.

Yes, he would always maintain a presence there, even if he was uncertain he wanted to set foot back on the planet for a very long time

“I regret your complimentary words about my race are not always true,” Mra said, darting a look at the Tygeans. A Pangaean with a bio-bomb had attempted to thwart the Orion’s maiden voyage. Jag was forced to pilot the huge ship through the deadly Cattarus meteor ring without her sophisticated nav system.

The Tyger smiled lazily at her. “A few bad gremels in every crop, eh, Commander?”

“The work you and your interpreters do,” Stark told Mra, with a bow to Calla, who had worked for her until the birth of her first child, “has saved LodeStar from many a difficult situation.”

Although Galactic was spoken as a universal language, and translators were implanted in the comlinks most sentient beings wore, the interpreters’ work was still crucial, as it involved steering Orion’s staff through the nuances of dealing with other races and their differing protocol.

Mra nodded primly, but Stark noticed her hair relaxed. He turned to the Serpentian on his right. Raile was a lean, intense Serpentian who had been promoted to acting commander of the guard.

“Any news from the Dragolins?” Stark asked.

Raile set his coffee cup down. “As a matter of fact, the royals do have an announcement they said I could pass on.” His handsome, golden skinned face lit with sly amusement as everyone turned to him.

“And?” Tessa Craig demanded eagerly. She narrowed her eyes dangerously as Raile grinned at her. “Tell or I’ll link her myself.”

“The prince has done his duty,” he told them all with mock solemnity. “And the princess has been impregnated.”

A collective sigh emanated from the women at the table. Stark caught Steven Craig’s eye and they both raised their brows. Craig grinned. The legendary seductress, pregnant? Nearly as hard to believe as the fact that she was mated for life. But Stark had no doubt that her huge, smoky-voiced husband would keep her close and probably pregnant as often as possible. One way to keep a woman from straying, he supposed.

For himself, he had no such plans. And if he suddenly pictured a slim, dark-haired beauty swollen with his child, all the more reason to reach for the wine decanter again, and wash the vision away. In fact, he needed something stronger.

“Speaking of babies,” Calla said with a reluctant sigh. “Ours will be waking soon. I’d better get back to the stateroom.”

“And this one seems to be doing training moves,” Tessa Craig said, wincing as she pressed a hand to her swollen belly. “So I believe I’ll walk for a while.”

Her husband helped her from her chair and patted her back. He watched her walk away with Calla Jag.

Jag chuckled. “Captain, you look as smug as a Tyger after his mating moon. Enjoy it, because in a few weeks your wife will barely remember your name. It will be all ‘the baby this’ and ‘the baby that’.”

Craig gave him a wry look. “Yes, you’re clearly suffering greatly, Jag.”

Jag smirked, his golden eyes gleaming. “I manage to get my wife’s attention now and then.”

Craig turned to Navos and his wife. “Watch out, Daron. You’ll no doubt be next.”

Nelah’s pale cheeks flushed a pale lavender, but Navos merely raised his brows. “Should that eventuality occur, I assure you we will not present it for dinner table amusement until it is absolutely necessary.”

Craig chuckled. “A wise choice, my friend.”

Stark refilled his wine glass. He needed something stronger, like moon brandy. Of course he wished all his crew commanders well with their progeny, et cetera, but as he had no intention of following suit, the talk was beginning to bore him.

“Did the two ex-soldiers get home all right?” he asked.

“They did,” Craig said. “Both seem to be doing well, no ill effects. I don’t think they’ll be drinking with strangers anytime soon.”

Stark nodded, already moving on. “How’s the new autonav?” he asked Jag. “Working well?”

Jag nodded. “It is. Thanks for installing the new multi-level sequestered type. Much more secure.”

Stark nodded. “And with fail-safes built in, should they be needed.”

“A fail-safe is a wise choice in any situation,” Navos said.

“Unfortunate that beings don’t come equipped with them,” Raile said. As if on cue, his comlink chimed, and he rose, bowing politely to Mra and Nelah. “Excuse me, I believe I’m needed in the lido lounge.”

Stark watched the guard captain glide away through the tables, a striking figure in the golden uniform of LodeStar ships guard. After sparring with the Serpentians, he knew the power and explosive speed coiled in that lean, lithe body.

Raile had taken him down with skill and precision and then shown Stark how he’d done it, while informing him regretfully he’d never be fast enough to take on an opponent other than human. Stark had assured him in that case, he’d keep his laser weapon handy. Eyes twinkling, Raile had agreed that was best.

Stark didn’t mind being chivvied a bit by his employees. They were the elite, and they knew it. Only the best for LodeStar.

Speaking of which, he’d noticed a particularly attractive young woman in the ranks of the Serpentian guard during their sparring session. And there she was, just rising from her table, tossing her long blonde hair over one shoulder and smoothing her sleek gown over her very fine ass. She’d provide an excellent diversion and drive away all thoughts of other women, at least for the moment.

“Excuse me,” he said to the others and rose, following her from the dining room with purpose in his stride.

He caught her just at the doors and smiled down at her. “Raava, isn’t it? Have a drink with me.”



Steve Craig watched his employer with a frown creasing his handsome face.

“What is it?” Navos asked quietly.

Craig shook his head. “None of my business, I suppose.”

But later in the spacious captain’s quarters he shared with his bride, he adjusted the body pillow under her knees for her in their big bed, and then lay back beside her.

Tessa snuggled into her nest of pillows, and sighed. “What’s wrong, Captain? You’ve something on your mind, I can tell.”

“This is just between you and me, baby.” He told her about the holovid meeting with Stark, and the lovely woman who had appeared.

“I could have sworn he was bowled over by her. The guy is an ice man, business all the way, but you should’ve seen the look in his eyes.”

She smiled. “Oh, you mean the way you look at me?”

He smiled back. “Yeah.” But then he frowned. “And she was on this ship’s roster, too. Supposed to fly out with us. But she didn’t show. And somehow I don’t think he’ll be sleeping alone tonight.”

“Let me guess,” she said dryly. “One of my fellow guard?”

He nodded. “Raava.”

Tessa yawned, her eyes drooping shut. “Too bad,” she said sleepily. “Stark should be happy, like us.”

Craig turned onto his side, and laid a protective hand on the swell of her belly, smiling as his son moved under his touch.

“Yeah,” he murmured contentedly, gazing at her lovely face. “Like us.”





 32

Stark stiffened over the blonde in his stateroom bed, shuddering with completion.

When he opened his eyes, his body replete, she smiled languorously. “The great Logan Stark lives up to his legend.”

He smiled back. “You may be a legend in your own right one of these days. Thank you.”

He moved off of her and she stretched. “Would you like me to stay?” she invited.

“No, thank you. I sleep better alone. And after the workout your guard put me through today, twice is my sexual limit, I believe.”

She sat up and gave him one last admiring look before sliding off the bed. “Well, they were two very fine efforts.”

Stark watched her slip into her gown and out of his room. She’d been an agile and inventive lover, and he’d come twice, she many more times. But instead of his usual mental glow of pleasure, he felt like something that had been used up and should go into the recycler. He wasn’t sure why—wasn’t as if he was cheating on a faithful lover.

He lay back in the bed and stared at the Serpentian fireglass sculpture in the niche across the room. The glass captured the lamplight in myriad shades of golden brown.

He looked away, his jaw tightening. He’d have someone remove the sculpture in the morning. He couldn’t stand to look at that color. Reminded him of a pair of laughing eyes. Even in the midst of the mess her life had been in, she’d laughed with him. And at him, a time or two. Such as when he’d warned her not to fall for him. Not much chance there’d been of that, with Darkrunner in her other hand.

With a muffled curse, he swept the covers back and vaulted out of bed. Stalking across the room, he grabbed the sculpture from the niche and held it over the recycler opening in the wall. He’d purchased the piece himself only the year before. What the hell had he seen in it?

He tossed the priceless piece down the chute and turned away. Crossing to the minibar, he splashed a generous amount of moon brandy into a glass, and took a long drink. He pulled on his lii silk robe and belted it.

He was relaxed, sexually sated, his life and his business on track. He would enjoy a drink in the privacy of his luxurious stateroom, followed by a night’s well-earned rest.

He wished a certain faithless little hellcat a night of peaceful rest herself. She did sleep well after a good fucking, that was certain.

Stark refilled his glass and then took the bottle with him to his chair.



He dreamed of her. He walked down a dark, dirty street, with threatening creatures lurking in the shadows. He was young again, vulnerable, and yet in charge of the safety of the only other beings who mattered to him.

But instead of his two younger brothers, when he turned it was Kiri at his elbow, her golden eyes haunted with fear.

When he turned on her, she looked up at him. Then her face changed, and she shook her head, smirking at him.

“I don’t need you, Logan,” she said. “I never did. You needed to save me, to feel strong and successful.”

The last sight he had of her, she was running away, toward someone waiting in the black at the end of the street.



He woke panting for breath, his face wet with perspiration and something else he refused to acknowledge. He swiped the back of his hand over his eyes and turned onto his stomach, burying his face in the clean, soft pillows.

She was just a woman, easily replaceable. He’d been more than kind to her and had nothing to regret. Anyway, he was not a man to keep a woman around too long, and certainly not the kind to believe in the heart-rending emotion wept over in love songs and romantic holovids.

No, he’d wanted to possess her, that was all. Just another acquisition, another sign that he was a wealthy, successful man. Light years from the frightened boy who’d run those streets, his wits and fists the only balance between survival and a descent into degradation and death.

He owned the bed in which he lay, the ship that surrounded him, and land and businesses on three planets. He was content.

It was only then that he realized he’d just echoed her dream words.



***



He had the limber Raava the next two nights and then lost interest. None of the other lovely women on the ship roused his desire, either. He slept restlessly. When he realized he was turning too often to the moon brandy, he ordered a sleep gesic from Dr. Tentaclar, the ship physician.

He spent the fourth evening out on holovid with his brothers, each in turn.

Creed was hard at work on his mining claim, supervising the crew of laborers and mining droids working the titanium.

“Logan,” he said, nodding. He sat alone on a verandah hewn of rock and wood, a wild mountain range in the distance. “How’s the voyage?”

“Fine.” Creed was alone too much. Stark could still see the solemn, wide-eyed little boy he’d been, hanging close by his older brothers’ sides, always hungry as his thin body fought to grow into the tall, lean man he’d become.

“Is your new, ah, lady with you?” Creed asked.

“No,” Stark said shortly. “That didn’t work out.”

Creed frowned. “What happened to her?”

“She left. Saved me the expense of a parting gift, so I’m counting my blessings. What about you? Been to the settlements lately?”

Creed didn’t answer for a moment, watching his older brother. But finally he shrugged, letting Stark change the subject. “You know I don’t frequent the settlements much. I’m busy here.”

“You’re alone too much,” Stark said. “How are you ever going to meet a woman to share that huge house you’ve built, if you don’t go anywhere?”

Creed gave him a look. “I’ll order one in with the next shipment of supplies,” he said dryly.

Stark grinned as he was meant to, but the idea had a grain of truth to it. Perhaps that’s what it would take, was presenting his youngest brother with a woman. One so enticing he couldn’t resist her.

They talked about the new mining droids that were scheduled to arrive soon, and Stark signed off.

Joran he found lounging in his tent, playing holodice with two of his band of nomads. A sloe-eyed temptress hung on his shoulder.

“No woman with you,” he said to Stark, cocking his head with interest. “She turn out to be more interested in your credit than you?”

“No, in another man,” Stark said. “Did you get the new tech I sent you?”

“I did, thanks. It’ll come in very handy when we’re hunting … wild game.”

Stark nodded. Joran couldn’t speak of the intended use of the tech in front of the woman, or perhaps the men. He let very few into his confidence.

When he was alone again, Stark kept his thoughts focused on his brothers. They were both nearing thirty years of age. The time in a man’s life when he should be settling down, starting a family. He meant to see to that for both of them.

Creed first, as he was completely alone. Might take a bit of manipulation behind his back. Getting past his formidable personal barriers was the problem. His youngest brother might be a deadly fighting machine with the eerie calm of the monk he’d trained to be for a time, but he was lonely. And Stark would fix that, one way or the other.

Joran, on the other hand, spread his favors freely among the women of his band and those he met in gambling tents and brothels. The trick would be convincing him to choose a woman of quality, with whom he would want to raise a family.

The fifth evening, Stark spent playing holodice with Navos and Craig and drinking the ale Craig favored. Stark was in no hurry for his bed. The gesics turned out to be a questionable aid—he slept, but now he was unable to wake from the bad dream that continued to plague him.

The sixth evening he wandered the paths of Orion’s arboretum. Somewhere a waterfall splashed softly into a pond. Overhead, birds warbled and tweeted in the luxuriant tropical trees and vines, and outside the huge windows lay the panoply of space.

The three moons of Frontiera shone white in the distance, and the planet herself lay like a blue and green ball, with a crescent of darkness on one side, and the golden glaze of daylight on the other. The planet was a place of new beginnings for many of the beings on this very ship. They’d fled the stress and clamor of their overcrowded homes to begin new lives. Staking claims for themselves and their families.

He stared at the approaching world for a time and then continued restlessly along the path through the shrubbery. A large gemcock strutted onto the path ahead of him, iridescent purple tail feathers trailing. Stretching its neck, the bird cocked its gold-crowned head and goggled at Stark. Deciding he was harmless, it preceded him like a feathered herald.

He smiled humorlessly to himself. Yes, he was the ruler of all he surveyed, and captain of his fate, whatever the seven hells that might be. But he couldn’t seem to get one small, calculating cat out of his mind and his dreams. He was as alone as the gemcock, his fine feathers availing him no mate, either.

Anger firing the impulse, he cued his comlink.

“Raava. Care to join me in my stateroom for a drink?”

He could use the comfort of a warm, soft body.





 33

Cold. So cold, shivering so violently her teeth chattered together and her body vibrated against the hard surface underneath her. Kiri reached for a blanket, but found only a thin insulating wrap that rustled in her grasp.

Moaning at the pain lancing through her head, she forced her eyes open. A small rectangular shape sat directly in her line of sight, on the edge of a drab metal platform. She knew that shape. Memories chased through her foggy mind. She winced, clutching her head as the pain grew worse. She’d think later.

She drifted back into an uneasy sleep. This time she dreamed.

She lay in the cubby, huddled under her comforter. Outside lights flashed, and screams echoed, followed by a heavy thump against her door. She stared at the floor, waiting for the crimson pool she knew would spread under the door, as it always did.

But instead, the door flew open, and a shadow fell across her bed. She clenched her chattering teeth. This time they’d kill her, too. But it was Tal gazing down at her, a threatening scowl on his handsome face.

“Get up,” he said in a strange, grating voice. “You’re not riding for free.”

The metal cot jolted with the force of a heavy kick. “Get up,” repeated the voice in Galactic, the universal language. “Or I’ll drag you out myself, and you won’t like it.”

Kiri jerked awake. She squinted painfully at the squat figure standing over her. He or she resembled nothing so much as an evil space pirate in an adventure holovid.

Mauritian; a humanoid with a strange purple-blue cast to skin and hair. As Kiri gaped, the being smiled, not a pleasant sight. Yellow eyes flared, crooked teeth gleaming among straggling braids.

“Guess I get to help you up.”

Kiri jolted upright, the pain in her head nearly sending her flat again. She bent over, clutching her head. “I’m up. But, where am I? Who are you?”

“Why, you’re on a top-line cruise ship, your majesty,” cooed the Mauritian in a falsetto. “Allow me to escort you to your throne.”

Nausea hit, and Kiri retched. She clapped a hand over her mouth, in the imminent knowledge that she was going to be very sick.

“Gah—in here,” the Mauritian commanded, recoiling to slap open a narrow hatch.

Kiri bolted into a tiny lav and vomited until her gut was empty and she was shaking with revulsion at the bitter taste. She staggered to the basin and drank water from her cupped hands, then splashed some on her face. Now her throat hurt to match her head.

She stared at her pale reflection into the tiny, fogged mirror. Tiny, battered and stinking, the lav said clearly this was not a good place. And the last thing she remembered was getting into Tal’s slider and hearing his soft, deep voice.

He’d sold her out. Maybe literally.

“If you’re emptied out, you got work to do,” the Mauritian barked.

Kiri staggered back out of the lav, one hand on the wall for balance. The room was a sleep cubby, she saw now, with drab, scarred walls and no ornamentation of any kind. The narrow, hard cot held only the thin blanket and a familiar cerametal box.

Tal had sent her strong box with her. Was this his idea of a cruel joke? Give her what she’d asked for and take away everything else?

“Where am I?” Was she in some back-alley den near the dock?

“Come on.” The Mauritian shoved open the narrow hatch, and led the way along a narrow passageway lined with similar hatches, some open. Kiri glimpsed other sleep cubbies, full of the clutter of occupancy. There were others here. Was that a good sign, or a bad one?

They passed into an open area, full of noise and bustle the smell of food, and her hope fled.

Past the dozen tables full of raucous beings of every race, and the smells of food and drink and clatter of food service on a large scale, the room was lined with portholes.

Beyond them all gleamed the star-filled, midnight reaches of deep space.

Kiri’s knees buckled, and she fell against the nearest bulkhead, only a railing holding her up. Her head buzzed with shock.

She was in deep space. And not on one of Stark’s beautiful ships with his ex-Space Forces pilot and crew. But on a bucket of rust probably cobbled together with no more finesse than the old airbuses she rode on Earth II.

She was going to die. Probably from horrible suffocation when an airlock broke, or something like that.

“Ho, Gravia, what you bring us?” called a deep voice. “Something shiny?”

“Nothing for you, space scum,” Kiri’s captor called back. “Anyway, I’m the beauty, not her.”

Laughter rolled, but it echoed from far away as Kiri stared at the nearest porthole. Space ... she was in space, shanghaied and bound for who knew what horrible fate.

“Come on, immi,” the Mauritian said. She grabbed Kiri’s arm in bruising grip and hustled her across the big room, through a gauntlet of predatory gazes. Kiri sank into herself, assuming the mantle of her youth, returning the looks with her own blank stare. Never let anyone see the fear.

She was intensely relieved to reach the din of the galley at the other side.

The Mau shoved Kiri onto a stool and stabbed one clawed hand at a large, shiny machine standing on the counter. “Now, you show me how to work this.”

Kiri blinked, unable to believe her eyes. She turned to the Mauritian, ignoring the two Pangaeans and human who paused in their chores to watch curiously.

“You ... you brought me here to run a coffee machine?”

The human, a stout, freckled man, snickered, and the two Pangaeans’ hair wriggled around their throats, their eyes dancing. The Mauritian bared her teeth at Kiri, her yellow eyes full of menace.

“No, I brought you here to show me how to run it,” she snarled. “Then I don’t need you no more, and you’ll earn your keep another way. We need another ship’s whore, the others are gettin’ worn out, the boys use them so hard.”

“‘ere now,” Freckles protested, shifting uneasily. “No call to be so—”

“Shut your maw,” the Mauritian snarled at him, and he subsided, although with a disapproving air.

Her past wrapped its slimy tentacles around Kiri. Death seemed less imminent, but now rape and injury yawned like a slavering mouth.

She stared out at the dining hall full of men and women, many of whom were still watching her through the open service counter, laughing as they talked among themselves. One huge tattooed man grinned and then wiggled his long tongue suggestively. Kiri rolled her eyes, revulsion tightening her face. He and his cronies roared with laughter.

She’d been slammed back into her past as if she’d never left the government-funded school, among the roughest street youths, all jockeying for position and status.

Well, hells. She knew how to do this. She’d just never thought she’d have to again.

The Mauritian moved closer to Kiri, her claws digging into Kiri’s shoulder through her leather vest. “Get busy,” she said. “Or you’re theirs.”

Kiri narrowed her eyes and glared back, refusing to show pain. “I get it. Enough with the grabbing.”

She turned to the coffee machine. It sat in gleaming splendor. Quark, it was the newest version of the brand she used in her stand. This had cost a starry sum.

“Okay, I know how to use this.” She could control one facet of this hellish situation.

She glanced down at herself. She was surprised they hadn’t stolen her clothing. She’d chosen her leather pants, vest, and high boots to wear to the club. Looked like it was going to have to last her for a while. The spider lace top was fragile and wouldn’t hold up, but the leather was top grade.

She looked the Mauritian in the eye. “I need an apron. A clean one.”

Freckles hurried to get an apron from the back of the galley, and Kiri tied it over her clothes. It was stained, but didn’t smell any worse than the rest of the place.

As she opened a package of Pangaean dark, her mind was racing. She didn’t know why she was here, or even what ship she was on.

The Mau had threatened her with prostitution. And she was not going there, not with a bunch of filthy space transport mechanics. She had to show these freighters that if they wanted good coffee, they needed her. Then she’d figure out the rest—like why she was here, and where Stark was when she really needed him.

She flipped switches and poured in coffee beans with quick flourishes. The machine rumbled to life, grinding the beans, funneling them into the filter, and then adding boiling water. Soon the air was steaming with the scent of fresh coffee. At least they’d purchased—or stolen—top-grade beans. Now for some sleight of hand. If it didn’t work, she was quarked—or fucked by some stinking crewman, which would be light years worse.

Ignoring the Mauritian, who hovered at her elbow, Kiri flipped more switches. She took a deep breath, and set two carafes under the spigots, and filled them both. Then she picked up two fairly clean mugs in one hand and the carafes in the other.

“Where’s the captain? First cup for him.”

The Mauritian scowled, but Freckles pointed across the dining hall. “He’s there. Red cap. Captain Argo.”

Kiri walked out into the dining hall and strode through the tables with her burden, chin up, her narrowed eyes daring anyone to stop her. She expected the Mauritian to follow and was relieved when she did not.

Captain Argo was a grizzled human, with weathered skin and gray hair, and the tough demeanor of a man accustomed to being obeyed. His long hair was clubbed back, and he wore a leather utility vest over his flight suit. He sat back in his chair, eyeing Kiri as she approached his table. He looked like a surly version of Rak, so he didn’t scare her. Right. Good thing she’d just used the lav, or she’d be wetting her pants.

The others at the captain’s table stopped talking as she set the two carafes down.

“First cup from your new coffee maker, Captain, sir,” she said. Her voice only wobbled a little. Demurely, she poured a steaming cup of dark brew and handed it to him.

The captain took the cup and saluted her with it before drinking. Then his face twisted in revulsion, and he spat the mouthful of steaming coffee out, missing the cup with part of it. It splattered on the table and his empty plate.

“What the seven hells?” he growled. “That’s the foulest brew I ever tasted, and that’s saying a pile, considering the old wreck of a machine we been using.” His voice rose, his cheeks reddening as he yelled. “This new brew is s’posed to taste better. An’ you’re s’posed ta know how to run it.”

His crew commanders moved restively, scowling at Kiri.

She stiffened her knees and poured a second cup. She set it before the captain, whisking away the first cup.

“That’s what java tastes like when you don’t know how to use the new machine,” she told him. “Here’s what it tastes like when you do.”

The captain eyed the new cup of coffee, still scowling dangerously. Then he shrugged and took a small sip. A look of pleased surprise crossed his face, and he took another drink. Then he nodded wryly. “That’s more like it.”

His crew commanders relaxed. “I’ll have a cup of that,” a lanky Indigon said.

“So will I. Serve it up, girl.” A Mau pounded his fist on the table.

Kiri kept her gaze on the captain. “Sir, I am a trained barista. Had a shop of my own in the space port, until I somehow ended up on your ship. You keep me in charge of the machine, and I’ll serve up the best java you and your crew ever drank.”

“And I suppose we let someone else touch it, and we get more of that swill,” he said dryly.

Kiri shrugged, her heart pounding, her face cool.

The captain laughed, a raspy chuckle that creased his cheeks and set his eyes twinkling. He toasted Kiri with his mug. “I like you, girlie. Darkrunner was right—you got solid fuel. All right, looks like we got us a barista.”

He surged out of his chair, and the dining hall quieted. “This here,” he said to his crew, “is our new coffee girl. What’s your name?”

“Kiri,” she managed. “Wait a sec. Darkrunner made a deal with you?”

“Kiri,” the captain repeated, ignoring her question. His gaze turned crafty. “What else you willing to do to earn your keep?”

It was a challenge, and she knew it. “I’ll cook, I’ll serve. I won’t do sex work of any kind.” Tal had sent her on this ship, had made some kind of a deal with this rough captain. Maybe this was even one of Tal’s ships.

The captain nodded and looked around the room. Heads nodded, although some of them with clear reluctance. A few of the crew merely stared. The captain sat down, satisfied. “Bring my commanders some coffee. The good stuff, mind you.”

“Yes, sir.” And then she’d ask again, until he told her why Darkrunner had shanghaied her. She wanted to know before she shocked the tattooed bastard in the balls.





 34

Kiri walked back to the kitchen, skirting the table where two Serpentians, a man and a woman, sat watching her. They were among those who had refused to nod.

Her skin crawled. She’d likely have to deal with one or both of them soon. Another Serp woman sat at the table with them, slim and pretty, but with body language that said she could take care of herself. She jerked her chin in a nod as Kiri passed.

Kiri nodded back, shaking off her fear. She had coffee to make. In the galley, she quickly disposed of the bad batch of coffee in the recycler. Then she poured four mugs of coffee and handed the first one to Gravia with a nod of respect. She was going to be working with this kitchen crew, and she wanted them on her side. Gravia scowled but took it. Kiri handed the other mugs to the Pangaeans and Freckles, who winked at her.

She hurried back to the captain’s table, but he was gone. His commanders accepted their coffee without thanks, although one of them, a lean man with a long dark braid, winked at her. The next hour was a blur of work and activity as Kiri brewed more huge carafes of coffee and set them out along with a phalanx of mugs. The ship’s supplies evidently didn’t run to creamer and flavorings, which considering the plain protein and veg the cooks were serving up, didn’t surprise Kiri. Dessert seemed to be huge trays of strange red pastries that smelled of spoiled berries.

As the dining hall emptied out, she sank onto a stool with a mug of coffee for herself.

“Here.” Freckles shoved a napkin into her hand. It held a plump wrap, exuding flavorful steam. “You look like you’re ‘bout to hit the floor.”

Kiri took a bite, and nearly moaned at the burst of rich protein and spice on her palate. “Mm, good.”

“Gravia’s specialty,” one of the Pangaeans said with a sly twinkle. “Mauritian rat.”

Kiri jerked the wrap away from her mouth and then watched as the other cooks all sniggered. She saluted Gravia with the wrap and took another big bite.

“Best rat I ever ate.” The texture was too soft to be any kind of meat, but the Mauritian was clearly enjoying her momentary discomfiture, and Kiri knew Gravia needed some kind of victory to even the score.

As she served coffee, most of the crew left her alone, although she was stripped by more than one gaze. After a time, though, two Serpentian women flounced up to the counter. They were both attractive in a hard way, with flowing hair and tight, bright clothing.

The one with turquoise stripes in her blonde hair set her hands on her hips and glared at Kiri. “You better not be slithering in on our business, bitch.”

“Or we’ll cut you a new one,” the redhead added, smirking. She had very sharp teeth, as if they’d been filed. Kiri wondered if she nibbled her customers with them.

She held out two mugs of fresh coffee. “I won’t be. Anyone tries to make me, I’ll cut him a new one. How’s that?”

They looked at each other and then back at her. The redhead took a cup and nodded. “We’ll be watching.”

“Course they’re not gonna look at you, anyway,” the blonde said complacently, taking the other cup and trailing her free hand over her own deep cleavage. “No tits.”

Kiri certainly couldn’t hope to compete with the impossibly round breasts both of them sported.

“You’re right,” she said, trying to look put out. “With you two around no one will notice me.”

“And don’t think you’ll be getting any of my trade either,” added a new voice. A slim Pangaean joined them, his green hair waving about his throat in agitation. “Just because you’re built like a boy.”

Kiri held out another cup of coffee. “Got it.”

The three slithered away with their coffees, a wave of turning heads marking their progress. Kiri sent a silent prayer of thanks that they were on board and hoped that there weren’t too many crew who’d rather have an unwilling partner.

She closed her fingers over the small cylinder in her pocket. She wasn’t sure why they’d overlooked her shocker, but she was grateful to the point of tears. Guess whoever had searched her wasn’t partial to lip gloss.

Kiri followed Gravia’s orders to help clean up from the meal. The dishes all went in the huge washers, and they set droids running on the floors and countertops. The Pangaeans set about wiping down the dining tables.

As she cleaned the coffee machine and set a fresh batch to brew, Kiri had time to think. And her thoughts were black holish.

“What ship is this?” she asked Freckles, whose name was Gim. “Who owns her?”

“The SixPac. Owned by the captain. We’re a freighter, carrying tech goods and other stores for the shops.”

“Shops where?”

“Headed for Frontiera,” he told her, his gaze curious. “Be there in a week, give or take meteor showers in the Cattarus system.”

Kiri was glad she was sitting down. “Frontiera?”

Gim nodded, his gaze faraway. “Yup. She’s a beauty, I hear. Lot of ships headed there carrying immis.”

Kiri took another drink of hot coffee. “I hear wild tribes and pirates roam the place.”

He shrugged, polishing a huge kettle. “I hear the air’s clear, the rain don’t ruin your clothing, and you can walk in the sunlight without getting eaten up with cancers.”

She took another drink, only then noticing her cup was empty. She rose to pour herself another cup. “I hear the wild beasts will eat you first.”

“Skrog,” he said, nodding. “And catamounts the size of sliders.” He widened his eyes at Kiri in mock ferocity and she shuddered.

He chuckled. “You don’t have to get off the ship.”

Kiri didn’t bother to answer. She was getting off this ship, all right, if it was the last thing she did. Then she’d work until she had enough credit to get back to Earth II and her shop. Stark might not know or care where she was, but she was a survivor. She’d get through this.

She looked around nervously. The Pangaeans had gone, and Gravia was mixing something in a huge bowl across the galley. “What do you do between meals?”

“Sleep. Play games. Always a game of holodice going on somewhere. Watch a holovid if you’re lucky enough to have a comlink that works.”

He eyed her. “I was you, though, I’d stay close between here and your sleep cubby. Some rough ones in this crew, and you’re a starry little thing. There’s those that’ll haul you into a dark corner and enjoy it even more ‘cause you didn’t want it.”

Just like on the streets around the New Seattle port. “I noticed. Would you mind walking me to my cubby?”

She was exhausted. She didn’t know what time it was by New Seattle time ... not that that mattered.

Gim shrugged. “Sure.”

They walked down the passageway. As eyes turned her way from the denizens of the sleep cubbies along the way, Kiri was glad the burly cook was with her.

But as they walked, a loud siren sounded, and all other sound rumbled to a halt. The ship shuddered and went silent. The lights went out, to be replaced by the harsh glare of tiny emergency flares. The only sound was Kiri’s panicked breath.

“What is it?” She grabbed the rail and Gim’s sleeve. “What’s happening?”

He sighed and slumped against the side of the passageway. “Engine trouble again. Just sit tight. Yer hatch won’t work without power anyways.”

“Are we—are we going to die now?”

He gave a snort of laughter and shook his head. “Naw. Haven’t the six other times the engines quit on this voyage. Prob’ly not this time either, little Earther.”

Kiri huddled beside him, fighting to concentrate on breathing in and out.

The lights and power came back on with a dull rumble, and she jumped.

Gim straightened, towing her on down the passageway.

“Set your link for star rise,” he told her. “We serve another meal then, and they’ll be wanting coffee.”

“Uh—don’t have a link” she remembered. “Stolen.”

He shook his head. “I’ll bang on your hatch.”

“Okay. Um—thanks.” Kiri forced herself to let go of his sleeve, step into her cubby, and slide the hatch shut. She fumbled with the hatch, making sure it was locked before she sank down on her hard cot. Very slowly, she curled over onto her side and pulled her strongbox against her chest. She was both glad to be alone and sorry, for it left her with her thoughts

What was Stark doing now? Sleeping in his big bed, or working out in his gym, or eating a meal? No, they’d been scheduled to take off for Frontiera today on one of his ships. He’d wanted her to travel with him.

But maybe that was days ago. She didn’t even know how long she’d been out.

She let the tears come. Logan would know by now that she was gone. Did he care? Was he worried about her, or relieved that she was gone. ‘She’s no one important. Pretty and good in bed, that’s all.’ That’s how he’d described her to his own brothers.

What about his tenderness, the way he smiled at her and laughed at her jokes, the way he made love to her, ensuring she found pleasure every time—did that all mean nothing to him?

She couldn’t think about that now.

What about Rak? And Taara, was she all right? She’d have told Rak about Tal taking Kiri out of the club. And Rak would’ve told Logan immediately. Did they think it was her own fault, for trusting Tal?

Maybe they even thought she’d gone with him voluntarily. That she’d chosen him over Logan. Logan. She wanted his arms around her. Wanted his deep voice assuring her he had her, and she was safe on solid ground, not on an old scow somewhere in deep space, where God only knew the perils that awaited.

The slow tears leaking, she lay there, staring into the darkness. Damn Tal Darkrunner to the seven hells.

He’d given her back a piece of her past, but he’d stolen her present and possibly her future.



***



Kiri worked through another long day of serving coffee and food, cleaning and serving more coffee and food.

The sirens went off again as they were preparing supper. Gravia peered out a porthole and grunted, “Asteroids.”

Kiri fought the instinct to dive under the nearest counter. “Will we collide with them?”

Gravia smiled cruelly, her jagged yellow teeth gleaming. “Yeah. And they’ll rip big holes in the side, and you’ll fly out and explode—”

“Enough!” Gim bellowed. Gravia jumped, and so did the other workers, gaping at the stout cook. He shook a dripping spoon at the Mau. “You want java? Then shut up.”

To Kiri’s surprise, the threat worked. The Mau closed her mouth and returned to her duties. Gim winked at Kiri and went back to stirring his vat of stew.

“We ain’t collided with any space rocks yet. Reckon Captain knows what he’s doin’,” he said placidly.

Peering out a porthole as jagged, gleaming asteroids sailed by, each one appearing more deadly than the last, Kiri prayed Gim was right. But then they were through the belt, and the ship’s engines still throbbed. So she guessed they were okay—until the next thing happened.

By the end of the meal, Kiri was grubby, sweaty and tired enough to sleep sitting up. But she ate the food Gim gave her and then headed for her cubby. She needed a shower-dry, but she’d settle for washing off with cold water and rinsing out her undies before she collapsed on the hard cot.

A knot of crewmen were hanging about in the corridor. A couple of them eyed her as she passed and the hair stood up on the back of her neck. She cast a hunted look back at them, and that’s when the attack came. Rough hands grabbed her and yanked her into a sleep cubby. She was slammed against the wall and released.

She whirled, ready to fight. Oh, quark. Her usual luck lately. She’d been grabbed by Serpentians, male and female, watching her with feral smiles. How had Rak phrased it? ‘Too fast for you, so stay away from them.’

The male flicked his long, forked tongue at her and smiled. “Hello, pretty. We want to play.”





 35

Like hell the Serpentians wanted to ‘play’. Cold sweat broke out in Kiri’s armpits, and trickled down between her breasts. She knew what that meant, and it was no game.

The only things she had going for her were her experience growing up in the rough and tumble of the state dorms, and her tiny gift from Rak.

“Oh, yeah?” She sneered back. “Captain says I don’t have to play. He says leave me alone.”

The female tossed her auburn-braided hair, taunting Kiri with a smile. “Well, then, little Earthling, we’ll make a deal. Just you give me those fine leathers of yours. Look much better on me.”

Kiri slid her hand into her pocket. “Come and get them.”

“Drop the pants first,” the male said, his hands on the fastener of his own pants. “Ain’t making no deal.”

The woman shoved between him and Kiri. “I want her clothes in good condition. You’ll rip them.”

Fear and rage spilling adrenaline through her in a flood, Kiri waited until the woman was close to twist the tube in her pocket. Between their bodies, Kiri jammed the tube against the woman’s ribs.

“A-aah!” The Serpentian arched back, her eyes rolling back, body rigid, quivering like a laser beam. A strangled hiss of agony emerged from her throat. Kiri shoved her, hard.

The woman toppled to the floor, gasping for breath, and Kiri dodged toward the door.

“What’d you do to her?” the male demanded, his face contorted with rage. He strode toward Kiri, his pants gaping obscenely. “You bitch, now I’m gonna hurt you.”

Kiri opened her mouth and screamed like a banshee. “Help! Rape.”

The Serpentian sprang at her, and she braced her back against a cupboard and kicked her legs at him, hard. He fell back and she grappled for the hatch. “Help me!”

He sprang again, on her in a flash, his hand closing around her throat in a painful vise. Kiri shoved the shocker against him, but although he let out a hiss of pain, he struck downward, knocking her arms down so hard they went numb. The shocker clattered to the floor and rolled away.

He grinned ferociously, flicking his leathery tongue out to lick her cheek. “Now you’re mine.” His musky scent overwhelmed her and she turned her face away, grimacing as she struggled.

The hatch slid open behind Kiri. “What the seven hells is going on in here?” a woman demanded.

“Get out.” The Serp grabbed Kiri by the arms, jamming his cock against her belly. “This one’s mine.”

“Let her go, you stupid snake.” It was the dark-haired Serpentian woman. Her face was tight with disgust—she clearly wasn’t in on the attack.

Kiri dug her nails into the man’s ribs as hard as she could, choking on the pain in her throat and his fetid breath. She jammed her knee up between his legs, and he grunted in pain as her knee struck his balls.

Kiri’s rescuer whirled so fast she was a blur, kicking her tormentor once and again. His eyes bulged and he wavered, his grip loosening.

Kiri shoved at him with desperate strength, and this time he stumbled backward. The woman kicked him again, laying him out on the floor with a thud. He fell over his partner, who groaned.

“Next time I’ll kill you both,” Kiri’s savior hissed. “I don’t hold with rape.”

She turned to Kiri, who leaned against the wall, shaking, her limbs like water in the aftermath of adrenaline. Her throat hurt with every breath, her arms ached from being grabbed and her head and back where she’d been jammed against the wall.

“Thanks,” she croaked through her sore throat. “They were going to—”

“Rape you and steal your leather,” the woman finished, with a curl of her lip. “I know—or I can guess. Come on, let’s get out of here.”

Kiri leaned over and picked up the shocker. The Serpentian led the way out of the room and glared at the crew members still skulking, now silent. “So this is how you welcome new crew?” She bared her teeth at them. “Captain will hear about this.”

Kiri stepped up beside her, one hand on her throat. “Wouldn’t drink any coffee for a few days,” she said hoarsely. “Never know what little surprises I may have for you.”

She set her jaw against the urge to crumple now that the danger was over. She would show no further weakness before these men.

“Skrog crap,” groaned one stocky man with a greasy cap. “Knew those two was gonna get us in a black hole.”

The Serpentian woman shook her head. “No more than you deserve. Space scum.”

A new pair of women came down the passageway. They paused when they saw Kiri panting in the open hatchway and the crewmen facing her.

“What’s going on here, Scala?” the older woman asked. She was a hard-faced human with gray hair.

“Those two in there need to go to the brig,” the Serpentian told them. “Tried to molest our barista.”

The other woman, younger but equally tough, peered into the Serpentian’s cubby. She let out a low whistle. “You’re still in one piece? Must be tougher than you look,” she said to Kiri. She grinned and held out her hand. “I’m Lottie.”

Kiri shook her hand. “Kiri te Nawa.”

“I’m Neda,” the older woman said. “You’re gonna have a nice shiner.” She clapped Kiri on the shoulder, right where the man had grabbed her. Kiri sucked in a breath at the pain. “Nice work, girlie. Those two just signed on. Didn’t like ‘em, but we were short handed after Captain kicked off three crew for fighting.”

“They can sit in the brig til we drop them off on our next landfall,” Lottie said with disgust.

“Said they was just gonna take her clothes,” a lanky youth whined.

“Never said nothin’ about no sexing,” another man put in.

“You fools really believe that?” Neda demanded. “She’s an immi, doesn’t take an Oculan to see that. Should’ve been looking after her, not treating her like a peep show.”

Kiri listened gratefully as the woman promised to laser their balls if they didn’t look after Kiri for the rest of the voyage. Neda was clearly a respected crew leader.

“Come on,” Scala said quietly. “You look pale as a moonhen.”

The thought of going back to her cubby alone made Kiri shudder, so she followed the Serpentian along the passageway and into a larger cubby cluttered colorfully with clothing, cushions and other items. Scala waved Kiri to one of the two bunks and shut the hatch behind them.

Opening a trunk, she took out a bottle and two glasses, and poured two small glasses of Cremarté. Kiri took one and sipped gratefully. It burned her throat, but soothed her nerves.

“I’m Scala,” the Serpentian said, sitting back on her cot with her long legs crossed.

She was very attractive, with sloe eyes and a sensual grace to her movements. Her gaze was guarded, as if she were accustomed to judging others’ potential danger at all times.

“Kiri te Nawa.” Kiri sighed as the Cremarté burned down her throat and then soothed it.

Scala leaned forward, bottle in her hand. Kiri held out her glass for a refill.

“So tell me, Kiri te Nawa, how’d you end up on this space scow?”

Kiri huffed a bitter laugh, and leaned her head back against the wall. “Shanghaied by a ganger lord on Earth II. Last thing he said before he iced me was that someone wanted me to disappear.”

Scala’s winged brows flew up. “Really? Do tell.”

Kiri thought back over the last weeks of her life. “It all started with a wager.”

She started to talk, and before she knew it, she’d told her hostess about Stark and her meeting with Tal, to get her strongbox.

“So who do you think wanted you to disappear?” the other woman asked.

Kiri opened her mouth, and then shook her head.

“Wild guess.”

“Sounds so ridiculous, but ... there’s one person.” Kiri told Scala about Haassea and her possessive attitude around Stark.

Scala shrugged. “Rich people get the idea they can do anything. And we Serps can be vengeful.”

“That’s what another Serpentian told me,” Kiri said. “All I know is, when I get off this ship, I’m going to get a job of some kind. Then I’m going to get enough credit to go back there, and I’m going to kill Tal Darkrunner, if it’s the last thing I do.”

Scala laughed, shaking her head as if Kiri were naive. “You’re going back to that dirty planet to mess with a ganger? Girl, cut your losses and consider your luck starry that you ended up on this ship. There’s a lot worse rides you could have landed on.”

“Like what?” Kiri looked around at the scarred walls of the tiny room.

“Slave ships.” Scala gazed at something only she could see, her nostrils flared. “I’ve seen them unloading their sorry cargo in some of the toughest space ports in the galaxy. Pretty young things, boys and girls, herded like filthy, whipped beasts.”

Kiri swallowed hard, as dark memories swamped her.

Sibilant voices outside her sleep cubby. Murmuring in oily Galactic. “Here’s a fine one ... bring a good price ... take him and go.” Lying frozen in the light of the glowlamp, eerily cheerful in contrast to the red pool spreading under the door. A whimper, cut off sharply and then only receding footsteps ... and silence.

Her empty glass hit the floor and rolled with a small clatter. “No.”

She clamped her hands to her head, slammed backward in time as if in a time warp. She squeezed her eyes shut, shaking her head. Which was real, that world or this?

“Hey.” A warm hand smoothed her back. Opening her eyes, Kiri came back to the present with a gasp. Scala knelt beside her, frowning at Kiri in concern. “Hey, where’d you go, little Earther?”

“Slavers,” Kiri choked. “They took ... someone. My brother.”

“Quark, you and yours have blackish luck, eh?”

Kiri tried to laugh. “Yeah, guess so.” And now she understood a little of how Kai must’ve felt when he was taken, as if he’d been ripped from his world and dragged into the void, possibly to be devoured.

Scala squeezed her hands, and then let go. “Well, enough of that skrog crap. You’ll be okay. We’ll get you to Frontiera, good place for the law-abiding. They got a sat-com system now that spots strange ships as soon as they come in range, I hear.”

“Are you staying there?” It would be good to have a friend while she sorted out what to do.

Scala smiled, although it didn’t reach her eyes. “No. Let’s just say I’m one of the ones the sat-com system is supposed to keep out.”

“I’d vouch for you,” Kiri said. “In case anyone wants to listen to a barista.”

Scala gave her an odd look. “You’ve more pull than that, starry girl. Logan Stark is known throughout the galaxy. His ships are famous. Flew on one myself for a few months.”

Bitterness twisted her mouth, but then she moved her slender shoulders as if shaking off a bad memory. “Anyway, you see him again, you tell him Scala helped you out. Maybe that’ll even the score a little.”

Kiri wanted desperately to ask what the woman had done to anger Stark, but it was none of her business. The Serpentian had saved her when the loutish crewmen wouldn’t, so the least she could do was leave her privacy intact. She nodded.

“I will.” If she ever saw him again. If he wanted anything to do with her.

“Tell you what,” Scala offered. “Why don’t you bunk here with me for the rest of the voyage?”

Kiri looked at her in surprise. “You wouldn’t mind?”

Scala shrugged, a sly twinkle in her eyes. “You liven things up, you know?”

“Oh, great,” Kiri muttered.

Scala chuckled and Kiri found herself laughing with her. It hurt her throat, but it felt good. Really good.



***



Kiri confronted Captain Argo the next morning, bringing him a carafe of coffee flavored just the way he liked it, along with some bakery treats she’d found in a freezer and heated.

“I can get off on Frontiera, right?”

He gave her an innocent look that didn’t sit well on his rogue’s face. “Of course you can. Didja think you were a prisoner or somethin’ like that?”

She sighed, weary and bruised and unwilling to pretend with him. “I know Darkrunner paid you to take me,” she told him. “I just don’t know why.”

He frowned at her over his coffee mug. “Why, to keep you safe,” he said as if she were the stupidest crewman aboard. “From that old flame who was threatening to off you.”

So that was what Tal had told him. “Yeah, sure am glad to be safe from him.” She looked around at the cockpit of the ship. “Listen, say we actually make it to Frontiera, I want to know about another ship that will be landing, the Orion.”

He raised his grizzled brows. “Oh, wanting to ride high on the comet tail, are we? That’s one o’ them ships the rich ones ride, girlie. Not the likes o’ us.”

She managed a tight smile. “Yeah, I’m aware. Just need to know if she’ll be docking anywhere near us.”

“Frontiera City, that’s where all the big ships put in.” He gestured to a holovid. Kiri recognized the blue, green and white ball—it was Frontiera. A red laser dot blinked near the coast of the biggest continent. “Right here’s the port. And here’s us.” A yellow dot hung in space near the planet. “We land in four days. They land about … say five hours after us, not ‘cause we’re faster, but because they gotta stop on Cirrius and Indigo.”

He took a big bite of one of the pastries and sighed happily. “Oh, forgot. Darkrunner said to give you this.” He pawed through a pile of items on a desk, and handed her a small object.

“My comlink,” she said, holding it in her palm. Her heart lifted. She could link Stark and Taara and Rak—everyone. Let them know she was safe and well. And ask for their help getting home

“Thank you,” she said. Smiling at the captain, she pressed an impulsive kiss to his leathery cheek and then dashed away for the privacy of Scala’s cubby.

Her elation didn’t last long. Her comlink had been erased of all links, except one. When she tried to open the galactic directory, a tattooed face appeared on her screen.

Kiri closed the link and dropped the com in her lap, clenching her fists to her forehead. Her one remaining link was to the one being in the universe with whom she least wished to speak.





 36

Finally Kiri peered at the com again, to find the icon indicating a recorded message. Reluctantly, she opened it.

Tal gazed at her. “You got this, star baby, you know I erased your com. Before you link anyone, be sure you want to involve them. This is bad shit goin’ on. Get yourself where you’re goin’ and then link me. We’ll talk.”

Scala walked into the cubby as he was speaking. She stopped dead, staring at the image of the man hovering in the air. “Who in the seven hells is that?”

“The man who shanghaied me,” Kiri said bitterly. “Tal Darkrunner. Ganger lord and all-round black hole of male-dom.”

Scala sank onto the edge of her bed, running her tongue over her lower lip as if to capture the last taste of something sweet. “Huh. You forgot to mention how meteor-hot he is.”

Kiri glared at her.

The other woman spread her hands. “What? It’s the truth.” She disposed herself comfortably in her pillows. “Okay. Tell me what’s new.”

“My com,” Kiri held up the gleaming little unit. “Empty of all the links. And here’s what he has to say about that.”

She played the message again. Scala watched raptly. When the message was done, Kiri waited. When the Serp said nothing, Kiri tossed a pillow at her. “A little help here, please.”

“Huh? Oh, yeah. You’re not gonna like this, but I think you should do what he says.”

“I was afraid of that,” Kiri said gloomily. “It’s so damn frustrating. I don’t know what he’s talking about. I don’t even know if I believe him!”

“Can’t see any reason why he’d make a move this drastic if he didn’t want to keep you safe,” Scala said. “He offered to take care of you at his place and you refused, right?”

Kiri gave her look for look. “Hey, you’ve met Stark,” she protested. “No contest, far as I’m concerned.”

“Yeah, and it’s a good thing I like you, or otherwise I’d be kicking your coffee-brewing ass out of here. Two of the hottest males in the galaxy after you.”

Kiri’s face heated. “So, you don’t think I should link any of my friends either?”

Scala shook her head. “We’re only five, no four days out. You hang on, wait til we get to Frontiera, then link your friends.”

She played with the tattered trim on one of the cushions. “You could probably link Stark now, if you want. Use my link to access the directory.”

“No.” Kiri was as surprised as Scala by her own outburst. She bit her lip, but shook her head stubbornly. “No. I … I can’t. Not yet. Need to sleep on that.” Maybe then she could face him without his callous words hanging between them.

Scala sighed deeply. “Males. Universe might be a much more pleasant place without them.”

At the moment, Kiri couldn’t see a single flaw in that logic.



***



Kiri was treated with new respect by the crew after the fight. It seemed no one, even the burliest men on board the SixPac, wanted to mess with Scala, and after hearing the damage Kiri had inflicted on her attackers, even Gravia eyed her with reluctant respect.

It helped that she kept them all supplied with strong, hot java.

Even so, the SixPac was an old scow held together with ingenuity and constant welding, and each day/night cycle seemed to hold a new kind of terror—on their fourth day out pirates were sighted, and all crew members were assigned lasers and flash grenades. Scala showed Kiri how to use both.

“If they can get past the laser cannons, they lock on with a flex-hatch,” Scala said as they crouched in the passageway with other crew. “Then they grind a hole through the hull, and throw in a stun grenade. If that happens, grab the nearest air-mask, and stay with me. I can keep you alive, anyway.”

Kiri nodded, but she could imagine all too well the things they’d have to do to say alive. She didn’t suppose pirates had much respect for baristas, even if she did make great coffee.

But the suspicious ship sailed past, and it was back to hard work and not enough sleep, of feeling increasingly grimier despite washing her body, underthings and top every night with tepid water and cleansing wipes.

Having survived yet another crisis, Kiri’s confidence grew. Maybe just from utter terror to damn scared, but still an improvement.

And despite Rak’s lessons and her years on her own, she hadn’t done any of it on her own. She’d had help, from Gim, from Scala, and from Lottie and Neda. They’d each stepped up to look after her, with no reward but friendship.

Even the first mate, Petr, a lean human with a long braid and an obvious penchant for Scala, smiled whenever he saw her. He’d showed up at Scala’s cubby, looking startled but then pleased to find Kiri there as well. Scala shook her head and told him to forget whatever he was thinking. He shrugged, eyes twinkling, as if she couldn’t blame him for hoping.

Trying unsuccessfully to cover her laughter, Kiri left them alone, going to have another cup of coffee in the common room. She ended up playing holodice with Gim and the Pangaean prostitute, whose name was Latal. He pouted when he lost and then winked at Kiri as he offered to pay Gim, the winner, in services. Gim turned a dull red and looked everywhere but at Latal. Kiri started to rise, but Latal stopped her with a sly grin and Kiri realized he’d only been teasing the shy cook.

Scala and Petr strolled in looking pleased with themselves and joined the game. Petr staked Kiri a small sum and they played for credit. By the end of the game, she had enough to repay Petr and buy everyone a salty snack from the vending kiosk.

“That was … fun,” Kiri said to Scala as they walked back to their cubby together.

Scala gave her a crooked smile. “Was, wasn’t it? There’re good beings out here, mixed with the bad. Sometimes you have to find your people where you can—when you can’t be with your own, I mean.”

Kiri looked at her with new respect. “That’s what you’ve done, isn’t it?”

Scala raised her dark brows. “Well, haven’t you? You don’t have any family in your city, but you must have friends.”

Kiri opened her mouth to disagree, and then stopped. “I do,” she whispered. “I have Maury, and Illyria, and now Taara.” Although their friendship had barely had a chance to begin.

Her dawning smile slipped as she remembered that she’d nearly begun to consider Logan and Rak and even Natan ‘her people’.

“And you’ll have more,” Scala said, opening the hatch to her cubby. “Wherever you decide to land. You’re that kind of person, Kiri te Nawa. You gather people around you. Hells, Gim would do anything for you—even stand up to that bitch Gravia, and she ruled the galley with an iron claw before you came aboard. Lottie and Neda like you.” She smiled wickedly. “And Petr too. He’d like a threesome.”

Kiri wrinkled her nose. “Um … no. Not my thing.”

Scala began to undress. “No matter. Anyway, I hope you find that brother of yours. But if you never do, you don’t have to be alone.”

Kiri lay back in her own bunk. Scala dimmed the glowlamps, but Kiri lay awake, staring into the darkness. Would she have to start all over again, on a new planet? And if she did, was Scala right, that she had everything she needed within her to make her own happiness?



***



Even with these new revelations about her own strengths, Kiri could not wait to get the seven hells off of the SixPac.

When she wasn’t busy with her coffee machine, she helped Gim. She drank coffee almost constantly herself—it was the only way to get through the long days stuck in the metal prison of the old ship.

The rumble of the engines—or lack of them—the thunk of the old ventilation system and clamor of all the beings on board was constant, and so were the smells—of sour sweat, stale food, and lavs that worked, but couldn’t manage to vac odors.

But although the days were hard and long, the nights were harder, and longer. Her new female friends did their best to help.

Scala gave Kiri a pillow, an extra top and a few toiletries, and Neda and Lottie lent her a blanket and an old airgel mattress. After their shifts, the four of them watched holovids on Lottie’s little comlink. They talked, about men they’d known, about what they’d do if they were independently wealthy, about their favorite Chaz Jaguari videos.

As tired as she was, Kiri hated to let sleep take her, for that was when the nightmares returned.

She woke to find Scala shaking her one night, her face taut with concern. “Hey, little Earther. Bad dreams?”

Kiri huffed a laugh that became a sob. “Yeah, you could say that.”

“Sometimes it helps to talk.” Scala’s capable hand was warm on her shoulder.

“I thought Stark cared,” Kiri said brokenly. “I—I fell for him, even though he warned me not to. And I really thought—well, turned out I was wrong. I heard him talking to his brothers. Guy talk. He—he said I was just a ‘sweet cunt’. I hate that he said that about me.”

Scala let out a hiss of disgust. “Males. You know, they get together, they think they’re not allowed to show emotion. Like it would make them look weak. So they say skrog shit like that.”

Kiri shook her head doubtfully. “Logan is so strong. I don’t think he’d feel he had to do that.”

Scala gave her a look. “Girl, you’ve got it bad. He may be shiny, but he’s just a man. From what I hear, he came up from the worst part of that port city of yours. He’s probably got thicker shields than you can see.”

Kiri stared at her, fascinated by this glimpse into Stark’s past. He seemed so self-assured, so in control of his world and everything in it. Could it be that he armored himself against any vulnerability? That despite his careless words, he cared for her after all?

Scala yawned, rubbing one hand over her eyes.

“I’m sorry I woke you,” Kiri mumbled. “You want me to move back to my old cubby?”

“You kidding?” Scala teased. “This is the most fun I’ve had since I let a sand snake loose on board. Go back to sleep—only a few hours ‘til breakfast.”

Kiri nodded, but she lay awake until Gim banged on the hatch for her to get up.



***



Stark was sitting in his stateroom when his comlink signaled. Seeing Creed and Joran’s links, he opened them both.

Creed didn’t smile, but then he rarely did. Joran looked uncharacteristically grim.

“What’s wrong?” Stark set his glass on the hovertray.

“You start.” Joran nodded to Creed.

Creed jerked his chin in acknowledgment. “Logan, don’t know if this is important, but seeing how upset you are, all deep inside yourself lately, I think maybe it is. Anyway, I can’t get it out of my head, so I’m telling you. You decide.”

Stark’s scalp tightened. Anyone else speaking about his emotions he would have told to go fuck themselves, but because it was Creed, he nodded curtly.

Creed nodded back. “That day at your place in New Seattle, when I asked about your woman and you said she was no one important? Logan, she heard.”

With all his control, Stark refrained from telling his youngest brother to stay the quark out of his personal life, that Kiri had had other intentions, even another man.

“Not that it matters now, but how do you figure?”

“Saw her outside the door of your office. It was cracked open.”

Stark thought back and shook his head wearily. “No, that would’ve been Natan.”

Creed’s turn to shake his head. “Nope. Saw him too, he’s taller than her. She was there; took off and he came along and shut the door.”

Stark sighed heavily, lifting his hand to run it over his head. “Creed, she left me because she wanted to leave. That’s the end of her, as far as I’m concerned.”

Creed frowned, leaning forward, his blue eyes intense. “Logan. You’re not getting this. Now I’m not saying I know anything about women, but they’re human. Men don’t like overhearing they mean skrog shit to someone that matters to them, so I got to assume it’s the same for women.”

Joran snorted. “Well, I do know women, and let me tell you, it’s worse. Quantum leap worse, seeing’ as their emotions have them veering all over the place like a ricocheting laser charge.”

“Starry,” Stark snarled. “But as I apparently meant nothing more to her than walking credit, I fail to see how it applies.”

Creed gave him a look. “Logan, that’s skrog shit too. Don’t think you realize the effect you have on people, brother. Your people you got around you would follow you into Deep Six, you asked them to. So would Joran and I.”

Stark stared, taken aback by what was for Creed an outpouring of emotion.

“Great God beyond, Logan.” Joran’s lazy voice was exasperated. “Get your head out of your ass. You keep this woman close for weeks, have her in your bed, get her all soft and starry eyed, then she hears you slap her down and then she up and disappears? Nope. I don’t believe in coincidence. She ran. Or she was upset; she let herself get put in a vulnerable position.”

Vaguely, Stark heard his own voice, telling Kiri that none of her troubles were coincidence, that they were cause and effect.

“Logan?”

He picked up his glass and drained it. Then he picked up the decanter and poured himself another shot. “I need to think. Talk to you both later.”

He broke the link and slumped back in his chair and he thought, long and hard. His thoughts were not happy ones, nor were they self-congratulatory.

So, she might not have left him by choice. She’d still hustled off to meet with Darkrunner. She was still gone and he didn’t know where she was.

His comlink signaled a new link. He opened it immediately. His admin’s face appeared. “Sir, we’ve found Darkrunner. Would you like to link?”

How convenient.What Stark wanted was the man’s throat, bared to his hands. He nodded curtly.





 37

In a moment, Stark found himself staring into the face of Kiri’s old lover. The ganger sat, or rather lounged, in an opulently fitted cruiser. He wore leathers, his braided ebony hair bound back from his angular face. Stark eyed the elaborate tattoos. Women actually went for that skrog shit? Maybe it was those eerie eyes.

Darkrunner looked him over as if wondering the same thing. “The great Logan Stark,” he murmured. “To what do I owe this honor?”

“Cut the crap, Darkrunner,” Stark said coldly. “You’ve been avoiding my people for over a week. You know why I’m here. Where is she?”

The ganger’s eyes flashed. “Kiri? She’s safe.”

“Safe from whom? You’re the criminal.”

The ganger smirked. “Good at it, too. People don’t take care of their starry things, I do it for them.”

“Like Kiri.” If Stark could have reached through the link and gotten his hands around the other man’s neck, he would have strangled him.

Darkrunner’s eyes narrowed dangerously. “Yeah, I had her, should’ve kept her. Let her get away, that’s the only reason you ever got near. Then you weren’t taking care of her, so I had to.”

Stark forced his own rage down. He wanted information. Once he got that, he could decide how best to annihilate the ganger and his enterprises.

“What do you mean, I wasn’t taking care of her? The only time she was alone was when she met you.”

“No. You’re not getting it, Stark. You sent her into the snakepit and she would’ve got bitten. I sent her far away where they can’t reach her—not yet anyway.”

The snakepit? The only connection Stark could make was Maitresse—Haassea was Serpentian, as were two or more of her assistants. But that made no sense. Haassea had no reason to hurt Kiri. Was the ganger a drugger? Coupled with his lifestyle, one step ahead of the law, had he become paranoid, delusional?

“Where did you send her?” he repeated. “And I’ll warn you, Darkrunner, my people now have a lock on your location. Make them question you in person and they will not be friendly. If she’s with you of her own free will, that’s all I want to see. Then I’ll leave you alone.”

“Stark, you’re not the only one with ex-Space Forcers on the pay rosters. Let’s not waste our weaponry on each other when there are real slimers out there.”

Darkrunner shook his head, as if disgusted with the choice he must make. “She’s not with me. Hasn’t been since she took up with you. So, just do what you do out there on Frontiera. If Kiri wants to talk, you’ll hear from her soon enough. Who knows, big man, might be very soon. No accounting for a woman’s taste.”

She wasn’t with the ganger? She hadn’t trysted with him? Hadn’t been conspiring with him? Or was this all a ploy to get her back in Stark’s good graces? He’d have this holovid analyzed. Bronc and his people would parse out the tiniest hint that the ganger was lying.

Analyze the holovid. A horrible truth hit Stark in the gut, as if the ganger had struck him. He should’ve had the first holovid analyzed. Was it even real? They could be doctored. Damn it, he’d let old angers blind him.

He couldn’t think about that now. The other man still wanted Kiri—he was hardly going to want to chat about his sexual encounters with her.

Stark leaned forward. “Darkrunner. If I don’t hear from her by next starfall, you are a dead man. And I can make that happen, make no mistake.”

The ganger jerked his chin in wry acknowledgement. “In that case, let’s hope she wants to talk to you.”



***



The moment she set foot off the SixPac was one of the strangest of Kiri’s life.

The Frontiera City space port resembled New Seattle’s, except that it was much smaller, newer and quieter. And nearly as frightening as waking up aboard the ship.

She was on a new world, another planet. One with few beings and few settlements. Through open ports in the awning over the port, she could see pale blue sky. A welcome change from the black of space, but strange to one accustomed to clouds and fog.

She’d made it, survived deep space. Landed on her feet on solid ground.

Turning back to look up at the ship, Kiri froze. She’d flown across the galaxy in that beat-up old scow? She shuddered. Thank God she hadn’t been able to see much of it from the inside; she’d have died of fright.

Crewmembers streamed around her, intent on their layover freedom. Scala stood at the upper rail of the boarding platform, arms crossed on the rail, looking out at the port. Kiri’s heart pinched. She knew that bored look concealed the longing to follow them.

“I won’t forget to speak for you,” Kiri called.

Scala shook her head, but she smiled. “Good luck to you, Kiri. Better get going and find your man, since you’re not cut out to be space crew.”

Kiri laughed, surprising herself. “I mean it,” she said. “I will help you. I couldn’t have made it without you.”

And the others—Gim, Lottie, Neda and even the captain, who’d agreed to ferry her on his vessel to safety, from whatever chimera Darkrunner thought he’d saved her. They were a motley crew but good friends.

Scala leaned over the rail. “Listen—you’re good at what you do. Things don’t work out with Stark, you link me. I got credit saved up and nowhere to spend it. We could set you up in business here, too.”

Kiri stared, deeply touched by the impulsive offer. “Thanks. That … means a lot.”

“I know. Now go on. Safe journey to you. I’ve got your link, stay in touch.”

“I’ll be in touch. Safe journey to you, friend.”

Kiri walked through the port to the spotless, shaded splendor of the LodeStar docks, a bag containing her strongbox banging on her back. She searched the holodisplay for Orion’s ETA. Just as the captain said, the cruise ship had not yet landed.

She found a lav, used it, washed her hands and face, dabbed water in her unruly hair, grimacing at her pale, tired visage. Gah, she looked worse than the first time Stark had seen her.

Then she straightened her shoulders. She might look a bit rough, but inside she was better, stronger than the woman she’d been then. She’d learned not just to take help from someone stronger, like Stark, but to be part of a group. She hadn’t wanted to be aboard the SixPac, but she’d pitched in and done her best, helped those who helped her.

She’d even spent her last day aboard teaching Gravia all her secrets of making great coffee. Thanks to her, the SixPac had a permanent barista.

But Kiri had learned some things herself. She didn’t need to chase security. She had everything she needed within her. Scala was right; she could make her own family wherever she ended up. Like many of the immis streaming into this port would do. Some had brought their families or at least a mate, but as many were alone. Didn’t mean they had to stay that way.

Also didn’t mean they had to accept less than they deserved. Neither did she. She’d give Stark a chance to explain himself and then … then she’d decide. Her heart yearned to stay with him, but she was perilously close to giving him her heart along with her body. If he didn’t return her feelings, that way lay heartbreak and shame.

She smiled wryly at herself. Her voyage had shaken her out of her world, but maybe it had given her a bigger one.

Back on the concourse, she gaped at the cloudless sky overhead, and the green trees dancing in the warm breezes. It was like a giant travel holovid. It was late spring on this side of Frontiera, Gim had told her. It would be hot in a month but now it was warm and balmy.

Scala had given her a pair of sun goggles to protect her eyes, and warned her to be careful in the sun when it was directly overhead, until her skin was used to it. Kiri was glad of the eye protection. This sun was not just part of a holovid, it was real, warm and very bright.

She pushed the goggles up onto her head and wandered through the space port, smiling back at friendly faces and enjoying the unfettered openness of the huge airy dome, with openings at intervals to let fresh air and sunlight in. The dome made her feel protected, used as she was to the cloisters of life indoors. But it let her experience the outdoors, too.

She sat again, out of the way of the busy luggage porters with their hovies, and the beings waiting either to leave or for someone to arrive. Some of them were as scruffy as she felt. Most of the beings immigrating here were workers, like her, here for a better life.

If she were going to stay here, she would take Scala’s advice and open a coffee stand or two. Everybody needed java, especially tired space travelers. She could probably make a killing here, get in before MoonPenny or another big chain. She hadn’t seen one real coffee stand in the place, just a cheap dispenser in an open cafeteria. Probably made lousy coffee.

Then a huge ship sailed into view, hidden by the dome but visible on the holovid screens. Kiri forgot her musings, her stomach knotting. The Orion had arrived.

She was beautiful, a graceful silver shape towed in by port authority craft to her landing dock. Kiri’s heart began to pound a swift rhythm. This was Logan’s ship; one of his fleet.

He would walk off the ship any sec and see that she was alive. That she hadn’t left him, not willingly. Was Scala right, that he’d only been barricading his emotions behind disparaging words? Did he really care for her? Or had he said exactly what he meant? When he saw her, would he consider her a fool who’d gotten what she deserved?

Not that her future hung on this, or anything, she assured herself. She just wanted some closure, that was all. Before she got on with her life.

Once the huge ship docked, one section of the dome lifted, and the side of the ship was visible. Landing ports slid slowly open, and port authority officials bustled to work, roping off landing areas and readying their rosters to register the new arrivals.

Unable to sit any longer. Kiri eased closer to stand by the ropes designating a wide walk way for those disembarking.

Logan.



***



Steve Craig surveyed the holovid displays from the control room of his ship. He had a clear view of the departing passengers, the landing zones, and the port terminal. Everything routine, he noted with satisfaction. Even the Tygers were departing in an orderly fashion. Another successful voyage—and a peaceful one.

Idly, he scanned those waiting for departing passengers. Then his gaze stopped, caught by a slim form waiting at one of the gates.

“Close-up, gate three.” The holocams zoomed in on a woman peering between other travelers. He squinted then scowled. She looked familiar. Why? A passenger from a past voyage? She was very pretty but a bit bedraggled, her face dirty. No, by the seven hells, that was a faded bruise. A dockworker, perhaps?

But as he watched, the woman froze. Her lovely face paled, as if she’d seen a specter. She shook her head once in denial, and then turned and bolted away from the cameras, disappearing into the crowds.

Craig flicked an assessing glance over the disembarking passengers, enjoying his little mystery. What had she seen that so distressed her?

Then he saw it—or rather them. Logan Stark strolling off his flagship, a slight smile on his face as he looked down at the woman on his arm. A lovely, Serpentian blonde with a smug tilt to her head and satisfaction in every step.

“Quark it,” Captain Craig swore viciously, startling the crew members working in the control room. He knew now where he’d seen the woman.

He cued his comlink. “Mr. Stark,” he said crisply. “Return to the command center, please. Mr. Stark to the command center.”



***



Stark was not pleased to be summoned back onto his ship. He wanted away, where he could link with his people, find out if there’d been any new developments in the search for Kiri. Barring that, he was ready to battle wild beasts or something equally barbaric. That would certainly burn up some of the fire in his belly. This waiting was hell.

Kiri was supposed to have been at his side when he walked off the ship. He’d been looking forward to the expression on her face, to hearing that delighted chuckle when she saw new vistas, new creatures, and experienced the sheer freedom of being outdoors in the clean wild.

Now she was somewhere, God and Tal Darkrunner only knew where, and according to his Indigon security specialist, who had ascertained that Darkrunner had been telling the truth when he said he’d removed Kiri from danger in New Seattle, this whole mess was Stark’s own fault, for failing to keep Kiri safe.

“Please excuse me,” he murmured to Raava.

“Of course.”

Stark walked back onto the ship and took an elevator up to the top of the ship. He strode into the command center to find his friend and captain waiting for him, a peculiar look on his face.

“You need to see this,” Craig said without preamble.

Stark froze, staring at the holovid image of the woman waiting by the ropes, her eyes wide as she surveyed the landing ports. She was here. Right here—he needn’t search for her any more at all.

But great God, was that a bruise on her face? What level of hell had she been through, to look like a battered wraith of herself? She’d lost weight, her leathers hanging on her.

Forget killing a wild beast. He was going to kill Tal Darkrunner—with his bare hands. Slowly. The ganger had not taken good care of his little cat.

“Is that her?” Craig asked quietly.

Stark blinked. “What?”

“Is that the woman I saw you with on Earth II?”

“Yes. When was this made?” Stark demanded. “How long ago?” She might be gone already.

“Less than ten minutes.”

She was outside now. Stark turned sharply, but Craig stopped him, a hand on his arm. “Logan, watch the rest,” he counseled, a look of near pity in his blue eyes.

Quivering with impatience, Stark watched. His gut tightened as Kiri’s eager look changed to one of denial, then pain. She turned and disappeared into the crowd.

He froze, realizing what she’d seen even before the holovid changed—Raava sauntering off the ship clinging possessively to his arm, as he smiled down at her, apparently a man without a care in the world. With no sign of the anger and tension roiling inside him. Quark, maybe he’d gotten too good at maintaining a facade.

He scrubbed a hand over his face, but it did nothing to clear away his shock or the shame spreading sickly inside him. That look on her face ... undeserved. And his fault.

“I’ve got to find her.”

“Port authority’s already on it.” Craig’s comlink chimed, and he nodded. “In fact, that should be them now.”





 38

Kiri could not believe her quarking luck.

Had the entire universe turned against her? She’d finally made it off the ship from hell, onto a strange planet, just in time to see Logan cozying up to a leggy blonde. And now she was being detained by the Frontiera Port Authority.

“I haven’t done anything,” she insisted, dodging the helmets who were trying to herd her toward a door in the side of the concourse. “I was shanghaied, worked my way to your backward quarking planet, just got off the quarking ship and I haven’t done anything!”

She clenched her fists, glaring as passersby stared. Why did all her most embarrassing moments happen in space ports?

Fighting tears, she followed as she was hustled through the door and into a quiet room.

The door closed behind her, and the room was silent. Good, maybe they’d left her alone. Except that she could feel someone in the room with her. Fighting for calm, she turned, ready to give them a piece of her mind.

She froze and then stumbled backward, away from the man who stood, regarding her silently, face taut, gaze molten silver.

“No.” She shook her head in fierce denial, a perverse part of her reveling as Stark’s face paled and creases of strain bracketed his mouth.

“Stay away from me. You quarking liar.”

He said nothing, merely stared at her, as if he wasn’t sure she was real.

Fine, then. She had things to say, even if he didn’t. She paced, spearing her fingers through her hair as the story poured out of her in disjointed pieces.

“First Tal shanghaied me. I woke up on that stinking ship. You know how scared I was to fly? Well, their engines failed twice. I thought I was going to die out there.

“I had to work and fight—they tried to rape me, did you know that? Tried to force me and steal my leathers—that I’ve worked in and slept in for a week. Bet I don’t smell very sweet, huh, Stark? Better go back to your high-class whore, who gets to bathe every day and go to sleep without waking up at every quarking noise, wondering if they’re back to finish it.”

His eyes blazed. “Just tell me why. Why did you go to him, Kiri? Why did you leave Rak behind, when he was there to keep you safe?”

She shook her head in disgust. “Simple. So simple. Because Tal had my strongbox.” She hugged her rucksack, feeling the familiar shape inside.

“Why didn’t you ask me for help?” he demanded.

“Why?” She glared at him. “Because I heard you, that’s why. I heard you telling your brothers what you really think of me. You made me—I thought—no, never mind that. Guess my pride was all I had left, Stark. So I went by myself.

“He gave it to me all right. And then he drugged me. Said someone wanted me gone. Was it you? Was it?”

Stark shook his head sharply in pained negation then stepped closer, as if compelled. “Of course it wasn’t me, you little fool.”

She backed away. “I’m a fool all right. I cried for you.” Her voice was shaking now. “Wondered if you thought I was dead—and then ... then you walked off your ship with your fancy woman—you had her, didn’t you? While you were on that ship.”

The look in his eyes, the dull creep of red across his cheekbones said it all.

She leaned against a table, her legs almost too weak to hold her upright.

“Didn’t take you long. Did you even notice I was gone?”

“I noticed,” he said harshly.

She grabbed at the table for support. “Bet you didn’t. I was just ‘your current woman. A sweet c-cunt’.” She watched that strike home.

Striding to her, Stark swept her high in his arms and held her so tightly she couldn’t move.

“Kiri, I didn’t mean it—shouldn’t have said it. You’re more than that. I noticed you were gone, all right. And I’m not letting you go again.”

She should struggle, should insist he let her go her own way. But she was so tired of fighting.

As he strode out through the door onto the busy concourse, Kiri closed her eyes and turned her face into his neck, hiding from curious eyes. Hiding from reality.

Stark reality.



Opal was aboard the cruiser. She actually smiled at Kiri.

“Here, have a warm drink,” she coaxed. “It will calm you.”

Kiri shook her head.

“Just tea with honey,” the other woman said. “A little brandy. No drugs. I wouldn’t do that.”

Stark took the cup and held it to Kiri’s lips. “Drink it.”

The habit of her time in his arms kicked in. She did as he said. Her eyes widened at the burn of the drink—it held more than a little brandy.

Slowly the shivering locked in her muscles subsided, but she was wary of relaxing into the powerful arms that held her close, into the hand that stroked through her tousled hair.

“You can let me go,” she muttered.

Stark snorted. “Not a chance. Just be still.”

He was so warm. When she sank wearily against him, his heart beat a comforting rhythm beneath her ear. It lulled her, as did his scent, his breath stirring her hair.

Logan. Did she whisper it, or just think it? His arms tightened around her, pulling her head into the crook of his neck.

She woke a little as she was carried into a building, then slept again, this time deeply, in a bed soft as a cloud.

The next time she woke, she felt rested, but her stomach was growling, hollow. She squinted, turning her head to look around. She was in another strange place, but this was a room. In a building, not aboard a ship. The walls were a soft cream, with furniture of something that looked a lot like real wood she’d seen in museums and a patterned comforter on the bed in greens and yellows. When she sat up, she grimaced. She still wore her much-laundered lace undies and the top Scala had given her.

A strange light shone around the edges of the coverings on the big windows. She slid out of the bed and padded barefoot to the window. Pulling back the shade, she peered outside. She gasped in awe.

Outside the window lay nothing but green. A meadow. She’d seen them in the holovids. Grass waved gently in the wind, as did the trees and shrubs that edged the meadow. Many of the trees were as tall as a four-story building, with long heavy limbs, their needles a dark green. She’d known they grew to be so monolithic from the holovids, but see them in reality was amazing.

Over it all rose a vault of sky so pure and blue she could scarcely believe it was real.

A man and two children were walking across the meadow. They stopped to point every other step, and the smallest child bounced excitedly and then threw herself on the grass and rolled, while the boy and the man laughed. Cute kid. They must be immis, too.

“What do you think?”

Kiri froze. Stark’s deep voice was gentle, as if he didn’t want to alarm her. Well, so what?

She turned away without looking at him, anger a tight ball in her chest. “I need a shower-dry. And some clothes.”

He walked past her to open a closet. “Your things are here.”

Her things? She stared into the closet. There were her pretty gold sweater and leggings and her slippers on the rack. And an open drawer revealed undies.

“You brought my stuff?” Something like hope fluttered inside her.

He was silent for a moment. “Natan had your bags put in the Orion’s hold.”

Of course it hadn’t been Stark. He’d sailed off as if she didn’t matter at all. She walked into the closet and grabbed the gold ensemble, along with a pair of undies. Then she turned on her heel and walked into the lav, closing the door behind her with a thud.

It felt so good to be in a real shower-dry with unlimited hot water and scented soap, she stayed there until her fingers began to wrinkle. Then at last she dried off in the jets of air and stepped out. Her lotion sat on the counter and her cosmetics were in the mirrored cabinet.

She didn’t feel like bothering with that nonsense, so she slapped lotion on her skin and pulled her clothing on, finger combing her hair. Even clean, she looked like a ghost of herself—pale and tired, with dark shadows under her eyes. The bruise on her cheekbone from her fight with the Serps was an interesting but ugly shade of yellowish green.

Her stomach growled again as she emerged into the bedroom. As if summoned, Stark appeared in the long doors thrown open to the outside. He was a tall silhouette, burnished by the sunlight pouring around him. She looked away Hurt her eyes to look at him, in more ways than one.

“Come and eat,” he told her.

She stepped warily out onto a small verandah, set with a table and two chairs. It was set with covered serving dishes and two carafes, one of bright orange juice and one that steamed—coffee she supposed.

“It’s afternoon here, but I ordered breakfast,” Stark said, pulling out a chair for her. “Since you just woke.”

She sat down in the other chair, scooting it in herself. She wasn’t looking at him in his fitted brown knit shirt that matched his hair, the sleeves pulled up over his powerful forearms. He might look fine enough to be the captain of all he surveyed, but he wasn’t her captain, not any more.

“How long did I sleep?”

She poured herself a glass of juice and then looked at him inquiringly. He nodded, and she poured him a glass of juice as well. When she looked up, he was staring at the bruise on her cheek, murder in his eyes.

“Since yesterday. Twenty-four hours, give or take. Coffee?”

She nodded, and he filled her cup. Well, wasn’t this a cozy domestic scene? She drained her juice and sat the glass down.

He was already sliding back the covers on the serving dishes. Savory smells filled the air. She licked her lips, surveying the array of food. She’d eat, since he’d ordered all this food, and then she was out of here. Mmm, sausages, and eggs and gremel fruit, and muffins that appeared to be bursting with whole grains and dark bits of something.

“There’s a bakery here now,” Stark said, making conversation as she filled her plate. “Owned by an immigrant, Rose Masterson. She trained at a school on Earth II and then moved here to be with her brother. She’s quite good.”

Good at what? He’d probably fucked her too. Kiri bit viciously into the muffin. It was delicious, moist and tender. As she chewed, she discovered the dark bits were some kind of small berry bursting with flavor. Well, whatever, his floozy could bake. She forked up a bite of eggs and then paused as his words registered.

“Here? Where are we?” she asked suspiciously.

Stark continued to spread soft white cheese on his muffin. “We are in New Haven, at the Yolovana Inn.”

She was hungry, so she finished her muffin, even if panic was taking flight in her middle. She was somewhere new on this strange planet, away from where she’d landed. “How far from Frontiera City, and why?”

He gave her one of those looks that said he had a purpose, that he was manipulating events and people to suit him. “Just a few hours in a fast cruiser. Because this town is in a lovely area, and because I’ve friends here I’d like you to meet.”

Kiri set down her fork, and looked him in the eye. “I don’t want to meet your friends. I just need a ticket back home.” Although the thought of setting off again into deep space again made her shudder. So maybe she’d take Scala up on that loan to get her started here.

He handed her another muffin, and she bit into it without thinking. They were really good. “Why?” he asked.

“Why? Because I have a business to run.” And a home to make … somewhere. So when Kai was found, he’d have somewhere to live.

He smiled, wry amusement chasing the shadows for a moment. “I thought it might be that.”

“Ha, ha. Some of us only have one.” She picked up her fork again.

“Some of us need to broaden our horizons.”

“Mine have been broadened plenty of late.” She glared at him, but he was looking out at the sunny meadow. Kiri followed his gaze. Wonder edged out the strain of being so near him. She was actually on another planet—a verdant, clean and beautiful one. That’s if she didn’t step off this verandah and discover it was all a giant holovid. After the week she’d endured, she wouldn’t be surprised.

“This is a beautiful planet,” he said persuasively. “And a wild one. Since you’re here, you might as well see some of it. I’ll be here on business for two weeks, plenty of time to tour a bit.”

“I don’t exactly have time to take a vacation,” she pointed out. “Gotta get back.”

He set his cup down. “I spoke with Darkrunner,” he said. “He told me he sent you away from Earth II because you were in danger. I don’t trust the man, or understand his reasoning, but until I understand the situation, I don’t want you going back there.”

She stared at him. “He’s the one who put me in danger.”

“Yes, his rescue was dubious at best, and he’ll answer to me for that. But he does believe you were in danger. I want you here where it’s safe.”

She opened her mouth. He held up his hand. “I know, I know. You can link Maury every five secs if you wish. Hell, I’ll hire three more employees to run your stand, if that’s what it takes. But you’re here, and you’re staying. Are. We. Clear?”

“Crystal.” He cared this much about her safety? Why? For that matter, why had he brought her here?

“Excellent.” He relaxed visibly. “I mentioned friends. Rose and Stone Masterson live north of here, in Adamant. Rose would very much enjoy meeting you.”

So the baker wasn’t one of his women. Well, neither was she, not anymore. She looked at him over her coffee cup. Why was he smiling like that at her now, a kind of bittersweet look?

“Just so you know,” she said brutally. “We’re not … fucking anymore.”





 39

Stark’s eyes narrowed, a dangerous look in them, before his lashes shielded them as he looked down at the cup in his hand. “Just so you know, I received a holovid the day we were to fly out,” he said. “Of you and Darkrunner, in an extremely passionate encounter.”

She slammed her cup down so fast the hot liquid sloshed out onto the table, stinging her thumb. She wiped it on her napkin, scowling at Stark. “What? I haven’t been with him since—well. That one time nearly a year ago.”

His gaze pinned her. “Really? You were wearing the leather outfit. When you were clothed, that is.”

Her face burned, but she held his gaze. “Yeah, I went to meet him, so what? I told you, he had something of mine. The ... sex had to be from that other time.” She gave a disgusted hiss. “Should have known he’d think it was hot to vid it.”

Stark nodded. “I know now that someone doctored the holovid. It was sent to me through a friend. Whoever it was wanted me to think you were with him voluntarily. At the time … it worked. I was too angry to consider that it might have been faked. I still don’t know who did it—Darkrunner perhaps. He’s not a gracious loser.”

He’d been upset by the video? Enough to lose his cool? Kiri felt a surge of mean satisfaction, as Stark steepled his fingers and pressed them against his mouth.

When he spoke, it was if the words were being dragged out of him.

“I thought ... that you’d decided I wasn’t what or who you wanted. That’s why ... the woman on the ship. She meant nothing, just a casual encounter.”

Kiri shook her head, forcing that out of her mind. She’d deal with that later, she couldn’t bear to think about it now. “Who sent you the holovid?”

“Haassea. She was very perturbed.”

Kiri snorted. “Yeah, I’ll bet. Logan, the woman still wants you. I’ll bet she made up that holovid.”

Stark looked startled. “No, I’m sure you’re wrong. It had to be someone else. God knows I’ve as many enemies as I have friends, probably more.”

He rose in a swift motion and walked restlessly off the porch, a tall man with tension and anger in his broad shoulders, in the clench of his fists on his hips. “Perhaps this all happened because of me. I may be the one who put you in danger. Cause and effect.”

Unable to sit still any longer, Kiri dropped her fork and rose from the table, stepping off the stone verandah and onto the flagstone path that led off around the building.

“Tal Darkrunner put me in danger. We may not know why he did it, but he didn’t have to drug me and throw me on that ship.”

“I’ll find out who it was,” he swore. “And I’ll destroy them. Just as I’ll destroy whoever did this.” He turned to her, cupped her face in his hand—so warm, and tipped her head so he could see the bruise.

“You don’t need to take care of them—a friend did that. Someone who used to work for you, matter of fact.”

His grip tightened. “What’s his name?’

She eyed him wonderingly. Was he jealous of whoever had been there to rescue her?

“Not him—her. A Serpentian, named Scala. She said to tell you maybe this would even the score between you.”

He scowled, and she pulled his hand from her face but held onto it, squeezing it to keep his attention. “What did she mean, Logan?”

“That woman is no good,” he said. “She’s a thief and a deceiver.”

“Hey. She helped me,” Kiri reminded him indignantly. “When none of the men would. She stopped two other Serps from raping me. Then she let me stay with her. She even advised me to—well, never mind that.” He didn’t need to hear Scala’s comment about the relative worth of males.

A low sound rumbled from his chest, and he yanked her against him, his arms like bands of iron, one hand cupping her head. Kiri let him hold her, astonished. Was he growling?

“You should never have had to endure all that ugliness,” he said into her hair. “You’ve been through enough.”

“Logan, I’m fine. Except I can’t breathe.”

He let her push him away but held onto her shoulders. “Little cat, I swear to you I’ll keep you safe from now on, if you’ll let me.”

“I don’t need you to keep me safe,” she said stubbornly. “I just made it through a pretty tough spot, with the help of some good people.”

He gave her a strange look. “You don’t need me?”

She stiffened her spine against the urge to melt against him, take that haunted look from his gaze. “I can stand on my own feet, Logan. Anyway, beings are pretty thin on the ground on this planet, so I guess danger should be pretty easy to spot,” she said, trying for a joke. “Maybe going home I can ride on your fancy ship, though.”

He smiled, but it was a poor effort. “Yes, that I can guarantee. You won’t be riding on any ships but mine from now on.” He squeezed her shoulders and then let her go. For an instant she wished he hadn’t.

“I know someone who’ll be glad to know you’re all right,” he said. “Rak has been linking me all week, asking for news. So has Natan. I’ve never seen either of them do that before.”

Kiri’s heart swelled. “They’re both good guys. I need to link Maury, too. And Taara.”

“In a moment,” he said. “Right now, come for a walk.” He stepped off the verandah and gestured at the sylvan scene as if offering it to her.

Kiri forgot her sorrow as she followed him. The grass covered earth was soft and lumpy under her feet. She laughed, turning to Stark to share her delight. “It’s like walking on thick carpet, only ... better.”

He took her hand, and she walked out into the grass, watching her feet move through the long strands of tender green, knowing he would keep her from losing her balance. The scent of the bruised grass rose up around her, mingling with a sweet, spicy scent that was somehow familiar.

“What’s that wonderful smell?”

“The trees.” He waved his arm at the tall evergreens. “They’ve oil in their needles and pungent sap under their bark. The sun brings out the scent.”

Heat draped across the top of Kiri’s head and shoulders, as if someone had dropped a hot blanket over her. She flinched and then turned back to squint at the fiery ball of the sun shining in the sky over the ridgeline of the building.

“That’s the sun,” she said wonderingly. “It’s really warm. Even hot.”

“Don’t stare at it,” Stark warned, shading her eyes with his free hand. “The rays will damage your eyes. Quick glances only.”

Kiri closed her eyes and saw bright spots against her eye lids. She staggered, dizzy. A powerful arm slid around her waist, steadying her against Stark’s hard body. She stood for a moment, her eyes closed, absorbing the wonderful heat of both the sun and the man.

Then she remembered and stepped away, pushing his hand off her waist. The meadow slid into a wash of green and blue as her eyes filled with tears.

“I don’t want you touching me.” Not yet.

He made no move to do so again, but she felt him close behind her.

“I’m not going away, Kiri.” His voice held pure cerametal. Stark, the magnate, creating his own reality.

She wrapped her own arms around herself, looking out at the verdant scene before her, blinking away the hot tears that insisted on welling up again and again. It was comforting to know he wanted her that badly, but still …

“Well, I hope you’re good at waiting, then. Really good.”

Because she didn’t know how long it would take for the image to fade of that woman giving him the intimate smile that said he’d fucked her and done a really fine job of it. Kiri’s breakfast roiled in her stomach.

Stark grasped her arm and turned her to him. Cupping her face in his hands, he tipped it up toward his. His eyes held absolute determination, though his grip on her was gentle.

“I’m a very patient man, Kiri te Nawa. And you will be mine again. No matter how long it takes.”





 40

Kiri glared at Stark. “You can’t know that, Logan. No one can but me, and I don’t even know that yet.

He stared down at her for a long moment. Then something moved behind his eyes, something raw and deep.

“Come and walk with me. I think it’s time to tell you a story.”

“Okay.” She muttered, but she was responding more to that look than to his words. What kind of story?

He took her hand in his and they walked on through the meadow.

“Once there was a boy,” he began. “He was born in New Seattle—not in the wealthy part, but not the worst part, either. He had a mother that loved him, when she thought about him. She took care of him, fed him and sent him to school. But most of the time, her attention was caught up in his father. His father, who was rarely there—flew in once a month or so, ruffled his son’s hair, took his wife to bed and hung around for a day or so, then disappeared again, off to wheel and deal.

“Until the boy was fourteen and the father disappeared for good. Things had been getting worse for a while, there wasn’t quite enough food to eat and the boy’s mother sank deeper into depression. Didn’t pay attention to the boy, just sat and pined for the man. Starving herself, getting sick and not caring. The boy tried to take care of her, tried to fix what was broken, but he wasn’t enough.”

Kiri was listening now with every iota fixed on Stark, her heart pounding with dread for whatever was coming. She knew it was going to be bad.

“Then one evening another woman appeared at their little apartment. She had a boy by the hand. A dirty, skinny kid, about eleven, with dark red hair and eyes … just like the older boy’s. She told them he was another son of the father, the credit he’d given her was gone and she wasn’t feeding him anymore.”

Kiri gasped and Stark’s hand tightened on hers.

“The mother would have turned her away but the boy—”

“You,” Kiri whispered. “Say it.You’re the boy, aren’t you?”

He gave her a veiled look, but it was poor shield for the soul-deep turmoil she saw behind it. Kiri held his gaze, gave him hers back.

“Yes. I said no, we had to keep him. He was—it was obvious he was my brother.”

“Which one?” she breathed.

“Joran.” Ah, the one who looked like Stark.

“And … your other brother?”

His hand tightened again, his grip hurting her, but she didn’t protest.

“Creed. We … found him, Joran and I.”

They had passed into the shadows of the tall evergreens. The earth was soft under their feet, layered with the dry needles. The air was cool, and filled with that magical scent, so strong it was like perfume.

“How did you find him?”

Stark gazed out at the meadow, his eyes squinted slightly against the sunlight, but Kiri had the sense he saw none of the beauty before them.

“Turned out my father hadn’t been traveling far, just to his different women and gambling establishments, where he was a dealer. He hooked up with whores and any woman foolish enough to believe his lies.”

“That’s why you were worried I was a gambler,” she breathed.

He nodded. “He died in a crooked gambling house, lasered in some drunken argument. My mother died not long after. Walked in front of an airbus at the stop nearest our house. Never figured out if it was an accident, or she just couldn’t live with the knowledge he’d been fucking around on her. Though why in the seven hells it should have surprised her, I’ve never understood. Even I knew he didn’t think of us when he was gone. He never … brought me anything from his travels. Never had stories to tell of where he’d been.”

Kiri clasped his arm with her free hand, her heart swelling with pain for the boy he’d been.

She’d lost her family, but at least she knew she’d been loved. She took a deep breath, willed her voice to remain steady. “So then what did you do?”

“Lost the apartment,” he said, almost absently. “They were going to put Joran in a crèche, me in a labor school. But I didn’t like the looks of the men who came to pick him up. He was … a handsome boy. And he fought when they tried to take him, so we didn’t let them.”

Kiri stared up at him. Twelve- and fourteen-year-old boys against two grown men and they hadn’t ‘let them’ do something? She nodded. “Ah, that’s—that’s good. So then?”

“We were on the streets. Joran had grown up in the slums, knew some hidey holes, some places to get food, so that’s where we went. And where we found Creed.”

He looked at her for the first time. “Creed’s not our blood brother. He’s ours because we took him from a pimp.”

“Oh, Logan.”

Stark nodded grimly. “Intended to whore him to pedophiles. I’m not altogether sure he hadn’t already. He’s never said. Didn’t speak for months, didn’t do anything but stay close to us like a skinny little shadow with huge eyes. They’re blue, like that sky.”

Kiri wrested her hand from his and threw her arms around him, pressing her face against his chest. “Oh, Logan. Thank God you found him.”

His arm closed around her and he curled his other hand around the side of her throat, his thumb tipping her head up so he could look into her eyes. “Kiri. I’m not telling you this so you’ll feel pity for me, or for Joran or Creed. I’m telling you so you’ll understand me and so you’ll know—everything you went through on that ship, every fear, every discomfort, every threat—I’ve been there. I’ve lived it, slept it, breathed it. I may be wealthy now, but I didn’t come from wealth.”

Slowly, she nodded. This was the past Scala had alluded to. Stark might not be a woman, but he’d known the fear of being smaller, weaker as a youth, and yet he’d appointed himself guardian of two younger boys and refused to part with them.

His face softened, and she watched him come back to her, his gaze focused on her, not the cold and bitter past. His hand worked, caressing her cheek.

“I got through it, little cat, and I triumphed. The places we hid out? I own most of them. They’re viable businesses now, with food kitchens and crèches attached for those who need them.”

“So there won’t be boys like Joran and Creed,” she whispered.

He shrugged. “We can’t save them all. But LodeStar can help by giving jobs to their parents, those who are willing to work.”

His hand tightened, framing her cheek. “And you—I’ll keep you safe if you’ll let me. Protect you so you’re never vulnerable again to slime like Darkrunner and his kind. And I’ll prove myself worthy of your trust, as well.”

The ice around her heart cracked, the image of that other woman not burning quite as harshly, muted by what he’d just shared.

His past had made him a man who thought he always had to be in control, who blazed his way through obstacles and people when he could, but it had also made him a protector, a man who would look after those he considered his.

She’d remind him later that she didn’t need protecting. He wanted a chance to prove himself, and she had the sense he’d apply every bit of his formidable will and intelligence to the task. And that just might make it worth the work it would take a woman to get to the core of him—at least she hoped so.

“Logan Stark, what am I going to do with you?”

His gaze went molten and his arm tightened around her, holding her close against his hard body.

“Stay with me, Kiri te Nawa, and we’ll find out together.”

