
The bouquet of pink carnations in Giles’s hand was suffering slow strangulation as his nerves overtook him. He stood in the doorway of the pub he’d ducked into for a bit of Dutch courage, staring at the house opposite.

This was, quite possibly, the biggest day of his entire life. “I can’t do it!” he hissed.

His friend Oz clapped him bracingly on the shoulder. “Yes, you can,” he said firmly. “Come on. What’s the worst that can happen?”

“Easy for you to say,” Giles muttered, trying not to think of all the ways this could go disastrously, horribly, humiliatingly wrong. “Are you quite sure this is the right address?”

“Well, you’ve only checked it about seventeen times—of course I’m sure! Angela Mills, 47 Red Lion Street, Putney.”

“But what if it’s the wrong Angela Mills?”

“It’s not. We checked, remember? Angela Mills, née Shepney. How many of those can there be?” Oz gave Giles a last friendly—if somewhat impatient—hug then pushed him firmly in the direction of the most terrifying front door Giles had ever seen. “Now cross that bloody road and go give your old mum a kiss.”

* * * *

Giles had always known he was adopted—Mummy and Daddy were both tall, fair-haired and on the willowy side, whereas it had been obvious from an early age that Giles was destined for a life of standing on tiptoe to reach the highest shelves and shaving every half-hour if he wanted to avoid five o’clock shadow. But it hadn’t been until he’d reached adulthood that he’d really thought about contacting his birth mother.

His college room-mate Oz, who was staying with Giles for a few weeks over the summer, had been all for it. He’d said family was very important, which now Giles came to think about it was a bit ironic, coming from a man who never seemed to want to talk about his own family.

Mummy and Daddy hadn’t tried to discourage him, although Mummy had said a few strange things about not judging books by covers, and it taking all sorts to make a world. Giles had only listened with half an ear. Obviously it took all sorts to make a world—somebody had to clean the streets and empty the dustbins, after all. Blood, however, would out; Giles just knew his mother would turn out to be as refined as he was. Anything else was unthinkable. Pulling himself together, Giles rapped firmly on the door, and held his breath.

The door was opened by a bleached blonde in leggings and a saggy boob tube that showed an unhealthy amount of orange flesh. A cigarette dangled from her mouth, held loosely between yellowed teeth. Still, Giles supposed charitably, living in Putney his mother probably couldn’t afford anyone more respectable as a cleaner.

“Oh, er, hello?” he said politely. “I’m looking for Angela Mills. I’m Giles Frobisher.” He was just about to add, “Is your employer in?” when the cigarette fell to the doormat, unheeded, and claggily mascara’d eyes widened in surprise.

“OhmiGAWD it’s little Wayne!” a raucous voiced croaked, harpy-like. “You ‘ear me, you useless lot? My Wayne’s here! Come in, love, come in, and give your mum a kiss!”

To his horror, Giles found himself grabbed by mahogany coloured talons and yanked into an embrace liberally fragranced with eau de ashtray. “Um. I. Um,” he said intelligently, trying to stamp out the smouldering doormat before they both went up in flames. Then the true horror of his situation struck him. “Wayne?” he squeaked.

Her face split into a fond smile. She had lip-liner tattooed on in a wonky line, Giles noticed mechanically. “That’s what I called you, love. They went and changed your name when you was adopted, but you’ll always be my little Wayne to me. I can’t believe you’re ‘ere! Come in, and meet the family.”

She led him through a narrow hallway strewn with cheap, down-at-heel shoes and flyers from local takeaways, and into a sitting room so small Giles’s claustrophobia began to set in. “Oy! You lot, this is my Wayne. He’s come to visit, so you can get off your bleedin’ arses and say hello, all right?”

Three pairs of eyes stared at Giles, while, he couldn’t help but notice, three bottoms of robust size resolutely failed to remove themselves from seats. “Oh. Er, nice to meet you all,” Giles said, giving them all a little wave.

“This is your brother, Darren,” his—Giles winced at the thought—mother said proudly.

Giles stared at the badly shaven ape that confronted him from an armchair, its hands twitching as if they needed but an ounce of provocation to turn into fists. He essayed a weak smile. The ape snarled back, and pulled up the cuff of its jogging bottoms to scratch at the skin around its electronic tagging device.

“And this is Shardonnée—crack us a bottle open, will you, Shards? This calls for a celebration, this does.” A slutty-looking teen in a mini-skirt that showed off her cellulite heaved herself off the sofa and slunk off to a well-stocked bar. She glared at Giles as she unscrewed a bottle of Aldi’s finest.

“Not that one, love! Tastes like horse piss, that does.” The lady of the house rolled her eyes at Giles. “Open the decent stuff—you know, the one what Aunty Sharon got us when she was seeing that bloke at the offie. That’s it, love. Now, Wayne, love, d’you want to call me Mum, or Angie?”

“Angie’s fine,” Giles assured her, probably a bit too quick for politeness.

She didn’t seem to notice, turning to a rotund man who sat in the other armchair, beer can in hand. His bleary gaze flickered towards Giles and then, having clearly found him wanting, returned to the television. “And this useless layabout is my so-called better half—come on, Pete, shift yer lazy carcass and say hello to your son-in-law!”

“Hrnn,” the man grunted, his eyes not moving from the World Cup match on the television.

“Er, step-son, I think?” Giles put in.

“Gawd, don’t he talk posh?” Angie cackled. “You’d never of taken ‘im for no son of mine, would you? I bet you’ve been to university and everything.”

“Er, yes. Oxford, actually. I mean, I’m still there. Or will be, once the holidays are over. I’m reading history.”

Pete grunted. The ape gave Giles a snarl as if to say that history students were its favourite snack. Shardonnée sneered, and handed him a tumbler of wine.

“Bloody hell, clever and all,” Angie said admiringly. “I bet you’ll get some high-powered job in the City when you’re done—be able to keep your old mum in her old age, won’t you?” She cackled, her bony elbow making a passable attempt to puncture one of Giles’s lungs. “Now, you sit down, love, and you can tell us all about you.” Parking her saddlebagged hips on the end of the sofa, she patted the cushion between her and the football-loving Neanderthal.

“I’m gay,” Giles said desperately, hoping she’d prove to be a bigot and would sling him out.

“Oh, are you, love? Never mind. Our Darren here’s a kleptomaniac—least, that’s what he always tells the judge!” She laughed raucously. The ape wheezed. Shardonnée sneered.

“Hrrn,” grunted Pete.

“Now, I ‘spect you want to know about your old man, don’t you, Wayne, love?”

“Er…”

“I met him on Mykonos. Went on one of them Club 18-30 holidays with your Auntie Sharon—you’ll love her, Wayne, she’s a right laugh. He used to work at this bar on the beach. Dead handsome, he was—you look just like him, love. He used to give me free drinks, he did.”

Shardonnée cackled in an uncanny imitation of her mother. “Wanted to get his end away, din’t he? God, Mum, didn’t you know anything when you was my age?”

“And his name?” Giles asked hurriedly.

“Now, what the bleedin’ ‘ell was it? Stavros? It’ll come to me, I know it will.” Angie pursed her lips. Her lipstick bled up into her wrinkles in a fine illustration of capillary action. “Well, it wasn’t Davros, I know that. Sorry, love, it was a long time ago.”

“And she was pissed off her head,” Shardonnée muttered.

“I got some pictures, though,” Angie said brightly. “Where’d I put them pictures, Shards?”

Shardonnée sneered and shrugged, her top falling off one shoulder to display a greying bra strap. Angie tottered on high-heeled fluffy diamante slippers to a stack of magazines. Sifting through several trees-worth of Take a Break and The Sun (the latter all folded to page three, so Giles was treated to a rapid succession of naked breasts of varying size from “obviously fake” to “frankly ridiculous”) she eventually unearthed a photo album bound in cracked PVC. Sitting next to Giles on the sofa, she opened it up.

“Here we are. That’s me…” She pointed to a rather pretty-looking girl in a bikini. “And that, love, is your old man.” With a sinking feeling, Giles stared at proof positive that this wasn’t all some nightmarish mistake. The young man in the picture looked exactly like him. Same curly dark hair, same broad shoulders, same hirsute chest that had been a source of acute embarrassment since Giles was fourteen. “I do love a man with a decent chest on him.” Angie grinned, and dug Giles in the ribs with that razor-sharp elbow of hers. “And see? I wasn’t bad looking in my day, neither.”

“I think you’ve hardly changed a bit,” Giles said gallantly.

“Get on with you! Ooh, you’re a one!” Angie squealed, while Shards made throwing-up noises, and Pete grunted “Hrrn, hrrn,” which Giles took to be his version of laughter.

“Now, you tell me all about them posh lot what adopted you.”

Giles sighed, and started to tell her about Mummy and Daddy.

This was going to be a long visit.

* * * *

Much, much later, having only escaped by promising to come back soon, Giles sat on the steps of his parents’—his adoptive parents’—conservatory. He had a large glass of single malt whisky in his hand and was staring into the pitch dark garden beyond.

Oz sat next to him, chugging down his third bottle of Insanely Bad Elf. He’d been a bit quiet since Giles had got back.

“I always wondered, you know?” Giles said, gesticulating with the Edinburgh crystal in the vague direction of the water feature. “What sort of people my parents were. Were they romantic, idealistic? Or hard-working, salt-of-the-earth types? And now I know.” He paused dramatically. “I’m the son of a chav. A stiletto-wearing, chardonnay-swilling, chain-smoking, perma-tanned chav. And a Greek waiter whose name she can’t quite recall.” He hung his head in despair.

Oz nodded, patting him on the shoulder sympathetically, if a bit unsteadily. “Cheer up. It could have been worse.”

Giles looked up, incredulous. “How? Just how, precisely?”

Oz glared at him. “Well, she could have been a raging snob like her son, for starters! Bloody hell, Giles, have you listened to yourself? This is your mother you’re talking about! Have some respect!”

“What, I’m supposed to respect her for being careless about contraception?” Giles’s sneer turned abruptly into a grimace of pain. “Ow! That hurt!”

“It was bloody well meant to. That poor woman spent nine months carrying you in her womb, then endured hours of agony just so she could push your ungrateful self out into the world! If she could hear you now, I bet she’d wish she’d never bothered—just gone the easy route and flushed you down the toilet at six weeks gone!”

Giles shuddered. “You don’t mean that, do you?”

Oz waved his glass, and Giles ducked to avoid a nasty contusion. “Well, yes. There she was, still in her teens, pregnant and alone. I bet nine girls out of ten would have been down the abortion clinic straight away. And for God’s sake, she welcomed you into her home! Killed the fatted calf, so to speak—”

“That’d be Darren,” Giles muttered.

“—and gave you a mother’s blessing. A lot of women would have just slammed the door on you;”

“You never mentioned she might do that this morning!”

“—would’ve been embarrassed to see you standing there on the door step. A reminder of past mistakes and all that.”

“All right, all right. Point taken.” Giles looked gloomily at a moth that had landed in his whisky. It flapped pathetically a few times in the amber liquid then seemed to give up the fight. He fished it out and tried to blow on it gently with the vague idea of drying it out, but a slight misjudgement resulted in it flying from his fingers and disappearing in the darkness. Not, unfortunately, of its own volition.

Giles raised his glass and drank a solemn toast to its passing. Then he gagged, realising he was drinking something the horrid little insect had very likely peed in.

* * * *

After Oz had stomped off to the guest room, Giles spent a restless night. Was he really being classist? Ungrateful?

He thought of Angie, and the way she’d smiled at the sight of him. Had there been a suspicion of a tear in her over-made-up eye?

“Mummy,” Giles said next morning, hovering by the Aga as his mother did something complicated with the pressure cooker, “am I a snob?” He’d made sure Oz was safely occupied with the PS3 and out of earshot.

His mother turned, a picture of elegance as always. He’d spent many happy hours, as a child, trying on her wardrobe of frothy chiffon dresses and crisp linen jackets. And the shoes… High ones, and low ones. Shoes of every style and hue, some of them custom-dyed to match particular outfits. Delicate strappy sandals, and cheeky little peep-toed courts… Really, it was quite astonishing that it’d taken him until he was seventeen to realise he was gay. The fact that his mother had given him tickets for a Kylie Minogue concert for his birthday—and suggested he invite a rather nice young boy who worked at her hairdresser’s to go along with him—should probably have given him a clue, too.

“Darling, you’re our son and we love you unconditionally,” she said, laying a kiss on the top of his head.

Giles sighed into her Chanel-scented bosom. “That’s a yes, isn’t it?”

“I’m afraid so, Giles. We’ve known for some time, but I think your father’s still hoping it’s just a phase and you’ll grow out of it.”

“You know, I always wondered why Daddy was so disappointed when it didn’t work out between me and Ray from the salon,” Giles said sadly. “I suppose this is why he doesn’t like Hugh?”

“Darling, your father doesn’t dislike Hugh,” Mummy said, not quite looking him in the eye. “He just feels he hasn’t been an awfully good influence on you, that’s all.”

Giles struggled to understand. “But Hugh’s from one of the very best families. How can he possibly be a bad influence?”

Mummy sighed. “Hugh is, well… a little old-fashioned in his attitudes. You know,” she said brightly, pulling on the Cath Kidston oven gloves Giles had given her for Christmas, “I’ve never understood why you and Oz aren’t a couple. After all, you get on marvellously.”

Giles gave a nervous laugh. “Me? And Oz? You know we’re just friends. I only met him last year, and Hugh and I were already together. So obviously, there’s never been any question that we might, well…” He trailed off, because clearly there was no need to emphasize just how much Giles hadn’t noticed how broad Oz’s shoulders were, or the way his eyes crinkled up when he smiled. And Giles certainly hadn’t ever sneaked a peek at his roommate doing sit-ups in his shorts first thing in the morning… “Anyway, he’s never shown even the slightest sign of being interested in me that way,” he finished, unable to keep a soupçon of disappointment out of his voice.

Mummy gave him a hug, and bent down to kiss him on the forehead. “I’m sure you know best, darling. Now, why don’t you run along and play with your friend while I sort out lunch?”

Giles trudged dutifully into the living room. Oz was playing Little Big Planet, and his sackboy avatar seemed to have acquired a new costume, very much along Zorba the Greek lines. “Et tu, Oz?” Giles muttered, flopping onto the sofa.

“Uh?” Oz said, fingers flying on the console. He didn’t look up from his game.

Giles crossed his legs, then uncrossed them. He picked up the Radio Times and stared, unseeing, at the cover before throwing it down again on the coffee table. The cushions seemed extraordinarily uncomfortable today. He leant forward. “I—” He stopped, and cleared his throat. “I thought I might go back and see her again,” he said diffidently. “My mother, I mean. You could come too, if you like,” he added.

Oz hit the pause button, and turned to face him. “Sure about that?”

“Yes. I want to show Angie I’m not embarrassed to have my friends meet her.” Somehow, Giles had managed to twist himself into an extremely awkward position, but his limbs felt far too tense to try and relax.

“All right, then.” Oz handed him the second console, and Giles took it, his breathing coming a little more easily. “Better leave it a few days, though, hadn’t we? After all, it’s been a lot for her to take in, too. But yeah, I’ll look forward to meeting your mum.”

Giles smiled. Suddenly he felt around ten stone lighter.

* * * *

Angie beamed when she saw them the following week. “Wayne, love! I wasn’t expecting to see you again so soon!” She turned to her daughter, who was sitting on the floor, fag in hand, filling out a sex survey in a magazine.”Didn’t I say, Shards, that he wouldn’t be round here again in a hurry, now he’s found out what a bunch of bleedin’ chavs we are?”

Giles felt a nasty twinge of guilt. “Of course I came round again!” he protested. “You’re my mother! Oh—and this is Oz. He’s a very good friend of mine.” For some reason, Giles blushed as he said it. He flicked a glance at Oz, whose amused expression only made Giles’s face grow hotter.

Angie gave him a hug. “Oh, it’s all right, love. You can call him your boyfriend, nobody minds here.”

The sack of potatoes in the armchair gave a grunt, which Giles suspected was Pete-speak for “snog him at your peril.” The ape, thank God, was absent. Perhaps it’d been carted back to the zoo, Giles thought hopefully, then gave himself a mental slap on the wrist. “Really, Oz is just a friend,” Giles insisted. “We share a house, that’s all.”

“Oh, get on with you! A good looking bloke like that? Well, if you don’t want him, I’ll ‘ave him!” Angie cackled. “You ‘ear that, Pete? I’m going to trade you in for a new model!”

“Hrrn,” grunted Pete.

Oz looked terrified.

They sat down for a cup of tea. Giles was oddly touched to find his served in a mug with “Wayne” emblazoned on it in garish letters. “Well, i’n’t this nice?” Angie said.

Giles opened his mouth to make a polite reply, but was interrupted by the slam of the front door. His brother, the ape, lumbered in, scratching its armpit. Its eyes narrowed when it saw them, and Giles instinctively huddled up to Oz for protection.

“’Ullo, love. Our Wayne’s come round again, and he brung his boyfriend and all,” Angie said brightly.

The ape scowled, and stepped towards them. Giles tensed.

Oz laughed, and leant back, resting one ankle on the opposite knee. His arms spread along the back of the sofa, emphasizing the breadth of his shoulders, while his shirt was stretched taut over a rather fine pair of pecs. “Nah, it’s just your mum’s little joke.” Oz’s voice sounded different, Giles realised. His vowels were flatter; the consonants less defined. “Not that you’d have a problem with it if I was, would you?” Despite his seemingly relaxed posture, Oz didn’t take his eyes off Darren for an instant.

The ape stared at him for a long moment, then subsided, and slumped into its chair. After a brief tussle with its father for the remote control, which it lost, it settled for glaring steadily at the television and totally ignoring them.

“So have you got a bloke, then, love?” Angie asked brightly, as if massive amounts of testosterone had not just been expended in front of her.

“Oh, yes. His name’s Hugh,” Giles began, with a fond smile. “I met him in my first year at Oxford, at a wine tasting.” He’d been instantly smitten by the man’s rakish good looks, perfectly tailored jacket, and theatrical shudders of distaste at most of what was served. “We got talking over some rather vile champagne, and Hugh invited me to the Beaujolais breakfast over at his college, and well, we’ve been together ever since.” He blushed a little at the memory of that morning. Hugh was reading Egyptology, which meant no lectures before noon—and then only on Thursdays—and Giles had been only too happy to skip his own classes to accept Hugh’s invitation to a post-breakfast rogering back at Merton.

“He sounds lovely, doesn’t he, Shards? I hope he treats you right.”

“Oh, Hugh’s a perfect gentleman,” Giles assured her. “We’ve had our ups and downs, but doesn’t everyone?” Hugh hadn’t spoken to him for weeks after Giles had been unwise enough to voice his opinion that the ban on foxhunting wasn’t such a very bad idea, all things considered. Then there had been the business about Hugh sleeping with the captain of the Varsity rugby team before the try-outs. Giles had been devastated at first. But after Hugh’s explanation, Giles had quite agreed it was simply the sensible thing to do—the rugger equivalent of the theatrical casting couch, so to speak—and nothing for him to be jealous about. “I’m seeing him tonight, actually—we’re going to the opera.”

“What about you, then, Oz?” Angie asked. “I bet you’ve got someone and all, with looks like those.”

Oz started. “Oh, me? No, I’m—no. Not at the moment.”

Giles wasn’t sure he liked that “at the moment.” Did Oz have someone he fancied, then? Who was he? And why hadn’t Giles known about it? And who was he?

“Never mind, love,” Angie consoled him. “I’m sure you’ll find someone. ‘Ere, Shards, you’re not seeing no one at the mo, are you?”

Shards looked up from her article on STDs, and considered Oz for a long moment. “Nah. ‘E ain’t my type.”

The ape wheezed.

“My loss, then,” Oz said easily.

Giles was impressed by the way he managed to keep even the barest hint of sarcasm from his voice.

* * * *

“Are you sure you’re going to be all right if I go out tonight?” Giles fretted as they made their way back home. “I can’t understand how Hugh managed to forget about your visit when he booked the tickets. It’s not like him at all.”

Oz gave a funny sort of laugh. “No, he’s got a memory like an elephant, Hugh has,” he said. “Don’t worry about me. I’ll be fine with your parents.” He grinned suddenly. “Your mum said she’d get out your old baby photos to show me. And anyway, it’s La Boheme tonight, isn’t it? That’s your favourite—you can’t miss that.” He hesitated for a moment, staring straight ahead. “But I think you should use the opportunity to tell Hugh about Angie. He’s your boyfriend—he ought to know.”

“He’s not going to be pleased,” Giles muttered darkly. “He doesn’t even know I’m adopted.”

Oz stared. “He has met your parents, hasn’t he?”

Giles flushed. “I think he just assumes Mummy had a bit on the side. It seems to be almost de rigueur amongst his parents’ set.”

“Well, if he loves you,” Oz said, “he’ll accept you, whoever your parents are. Come on, you’re still the same bloke you were yesterday, aren’t you?”

“I suppose so,” Giles said, brightening. Still, Giles couldn’t help feeling a little queasy at the thought of telling Hugh about his birth mother.

* * * *

Giles met Hugh in the foyer at Covent Garden. They only just made it into the theatre in time—Hugh had been having drinks with some friends and just hadn’t been able to get away—so they didn’t get a chance to speak until later.

Not quite able to work up the courage to broach the subject of his parentage during the first interval, Giles listened instead to Hugh’s scorn at the vocal capabilities of the mezzo-soprano (a rather pleasant-looking lady, Giles had thought, but he supposed that didn’t really count for anything in opera). At the second interval, however, fortified by champagne, Giles forged ahead.

“Hugh, I’m adopted,” he blurted out, inadvertently interrupting Hugh’s amusing anecdote about how he’d got one over on one of his father’s employees—but then, Giles had heard it twice already, so he had some excuse for not listening to Hugh as attentively as he otherwise would.

“Are you? Good Lord!” Hugh didn’t look precisely pleased at the news.

Giles swallowed. “And I’ve found my birth mother. I’ve been round to see her twice now. She’s married now, with two other children, and lives in Putney.”

Hugh’s lip curled in distaste. Then he gave a forced-sounding laugh. “Still, never mind. I’m sure you’ll manage to lose her again.”

“I don’t want to lose her!” Giles protested. “It’s not her fault she’s working class, and lives in a council house.”

“For God’s sake, Giles,” Hugh hissed. “Keep your voice down, will you? Surely you don’t want everyone hearing about your sordid origins?”

“There’s nothing sordid about my origins,” Giles said stiffly. “Angie’s a lovely lady.”

“Angie?” There was a subtle change in Hugh’s manner. “Giles… well, the fact is, I’ve been meaning to talk to you for some time. I don’t think it’s going to work out, you and me.”

“What?” An icy chill suffused Giles’s body, and it had nothing whatsoever to do with the champagne.

“And this only confirms it,” Hugh continued. “I’m sure you’d be happier with someone of your own kind.”

Giles bristled. “And what the hell is that supposed to mean?”

“Now, for God’s sake don’t go all Socialist Worker on me!”

“Socialist Worker? Socialist bloody Worker? What the hell are you on about?” Giles could hear his voice rising in both pitch and volume, but was powerless to prevent it.

“People of your class are always the same—”

“’Scuse me, gents,” the barman broke in. “Would you mind keeping it down a bit? People are starting to complain.”

Giles swung round to face him. “Then they can damn well keep their noses out of it! This is a private discussion between me and my—Hugh? Hugh?” He looked around frantically, but Hugh had gone. Back to their box? Yes, that was it. Giles should go and join him, and by the end of the last act they’d be all right again.

When Giles got back to the box, it was empty. Reluctant to give up hope, Giles waited and waited. Mimi’s death scene seemed even more affecting than usual, Giles wasn’t sure why—he had tears streaming down his cheeks by the end. Hugh would mock him for it mercilessly—

But Hugh wasn’t there.

* * * *

Oz was in the conservatory again when Giles got home. He seemed to have forsaken the Insanely Bad Elf in favour of one of Mummy’s bottles of Stoli. Giles slumped down beside him, and mutely held out his hand for the bottle of vodka.

“Hugh dumped me,” he said, after a long swallow and a short coughing fit.

“Bastard. I’ll scratch ‘Upper Class Twat of the Year’ into the side of his Merc with my keys, how about that?” Oz suggested.

Giles groaned, and took another swig from the bottle of vodka. “Wasn’t it ‘Twit’, anyway? In the Monty Python sketch, I mean?”

“Oh, who cares. I think Hugh’s more of a twat than a twit, don’t you?”

Giles didn’t answer. Was Hugh really a… what Oz had said? Had Giles just wasted nearly two years of his life on… on… a front bottom? And why was he drinking vodka, anyway? He looked around the conservatory, whose walls kept tilting drunkenly. Ha. Stupid walls. Couldn’t hold their drink… “Where’s my whisky?”

“Gone,” Oz said happily, holding up not one but two empty bottles of Scotch.

On closer examination Giles realised that there were two Ozzes as well. “Bugger.”

“Yeah, I could just scratch that into the car instead, that’d work. Be quicker, too. Less chance of getting caught. G’is the vodka.”

Giles held out the bottle, wondering which of the two Ozzes would get to it first. The answer, as it happened, was neither.

“I think I’ll take that, darling.”

“Mummy?” Giles looked up and began to snigger. “I’ve got two mummies!” His face fell. “And no boyfriend,” he finished dolefully.

“Oh, darling,” Mummy sighed. “I’m so sorry. Do you want to talk about it?”

“’S all right, Mrs F. I’ll look after him.” Oz put a brawny arm around Giles’s shoulder, the gesture of solidarity only slightly undermined by his explosive, eighty-proof belch in Giles’s face.

Mummy smiled. In fact, both of her did. “In that case, I’ll leave you boys to it. Now, I’ve brought you each a pint of water, so don’t even think of going to bed before you drink it.”

She left, and Oz took a swig of water. He gave another belch, this one slightly less flammable. “I’ve never thought Hugh was good enough for you. I was at school with him, you know.”

“Oh?” Giles hiccupped. “Pardon me. He’s never mentioned you being friends.”

“Yeah, well, he wouldn’t, would he? ’Cause we weren’t. Catch him being matey with the scholarship boy,” Oz added, his tone suddenly bitter.

Giles stared, as the words filtered through his befuddled brain. Oz’s voice sounded different, too. Just like it had at Angie’s.

“Yeah, that’s right,” Oz said, sticking his chin out. “I got in on a scholarship, ’cause no way could my mum and dad afford to send me to private school.”

“Why are you talking funny?” Giles asked.

Oz laughed, but it wasn’t a very happy sound. “I’m not. I’ve just stopped talking funny. See, you take a lad from a council estate and send him to some posh school, he’s either going to start talking posh like the rest of them or get his bloody teeth kicked in. This is how I grew up talking.” He stopped, and swigged some more water. “You know where I grew up? Not ten streets away from your real mum. The chav.” His arm slipped from around Giles’s shoulder, and he sat rigidly, staring into the blackness of the garden.

Giles’s head was spinning. “I don’t—I think—” He lurched to a standing position. “I think I need to go to bed.”

* * * *

Next morning, Giles woke up slumped face down on top of his bed, wearing only his shirt, which was bunched up under his armpits, and one sock. The cup of tea cooling by his bedside quelled any hopes that Mummy might not have been in and seen him in such a humiliating state.

Levering himself painfully upright, Giles drank the lukewarm, stewed tea. He dressed, and then staggered, shame-faced and heavy-headed, downstairs. Oz was sitting moodily at the kitchen table, glaring at a half-eaten slice of toast. Giles’s stomach lurched in sympathy. “I’ve been a total arse, haven’t I?” Giles said, taking a seat opposite his friend. They both winced as the chair scraped ear-splittingly on the terracotta tiles.

Oz gave him a weak smile. “Not a total arse. Half an arse, maybe. A single buttock.” His voice was back to normal.

Giles wasn’t sure he liked it. “You don’t have to pretend to be posh for me,” he said, trying to smile.

Oz shrugged. “Sometimes even I don’t know which is my real accent any more.” He gave a twisted smile. “So you’re still speaking to me, now you know I’m a chav?”

“If you’re still speaking to me,” Giles said. He rested his head in his hands. “I’m an idiot. A selfish, snobbish idiot. Who’s been wasting his time with another selfish, snobbish idiot. And all this time you and I have been friends—sharing a house, even—and I didn’t even bother to find out the first thing about you.”

Oz was suddenly looking much more cheerful. He raised an eyebrow. “Yeah? You reckon? What’s my favourite food?”

“Chinese, from the place down the road,” Giles said immediately. “You like the sweet ‘n sour pork balls and the deep fried crispy beef, but you think they’re unhealthy so half the time you order chicken chow mein and monks’ vegetables instead.”

“Favourite film?”

“My Best Friend’s Wedding, obviously.”

“TV show?”

“Being Human, or anything else with Aidan Turner in it, because you fancy him like mad. Especially when he hasn’t shaved recently.” Giles blinked. “You know, at this rate, we could go on Mr and Mrs.”

Oz laughed. “Exactly! That’s just what I’m talking about—where you come from is only one part of you. It’s who you really are that’s important. That’s something that wanker Hugh will never understand. You deserve more than to be some posh tosser’s trophy boyfriend.”

“What?” Giles stared. “Me? A trophy? But I’m just…”

“Just what?”

Giles sighed. “Short. Stupid. Snobbish. And hairier than an entire flange of gorillas.”

Oz laughed again, and Giles gave him a hurt look. “You forgot to mention one thing.”

“What?”

“You’re also a bit of a berk sometimes. Okay, you’re not the tallest bloke around, but you’re gorgeous, and if you hadn’t been brainwashed by that prick Hugh you’d know it.”

Giles found he was blinking rapidly. “You think I’m gorgeous? Really?”

“’Course I do. And you’re funny—all right, not always intentionally—and you really care about people, despite having spent the last couple of years in extremely bad company.”

“I do?” Giles hadn’t meant to say that out loud.

“Yes. You do.” Oz hesitated, then stretched his hand across the table to cover Giles’s. “Some of us were sort of hoping you might care about us in particular.”

“They were? I mean, you were?” Still tussling with the third/second person problem, Giles’s brain finally caught up to the import of what Oz had said. “You mean—”

“Yeah. Look, I know you’re on the rebound from Hugh, and I’m not quite who you thought I was, but maybe, in a couple of months, if you’re ready—”

Oz broke off abruptly as Giles launched himself across the table to silence his friend with a clumsy yet enthusiastic kiss. “I’m ready,” he said fervently.

“Sure? Because—”

Feeling, in the circumstances, that actions spoke louder than words, Giles locked their lips together once more, and enthusiastically set about showing Oz just how very ready he was.

So what if they were a couple of chavs by birth? Giles knew good breeding when he saw it.

Or at least, he would do, just as soon as their hangovers wore off.

