

Charlotte, North Carolina, USA.

April 2006





I stare profoundly at the little white pill in front of me and put it on my tongue. Nope, still tastes disgusting. I hold my hands to my throat as I gag slightly at its acidity. Tumbler, water, NOW. I let the water slide down my throat, mouthful after mouthful to erase the foul taste. At least today, I remembered.

I run my hands through my hair, deciding on how to wear it. Not that it matters. Not that anyone cares.

I frown at myself and decide on a braid. I weave my hair in and out creating a perfect pattern. I stare sadly in the mirror at the girl looking back at me. My black hoody and tight denim jeans do not show who I am.

They hide me.

My chestnut brown hair matches my pale grey blue eyes and my skin is flawless. I look down at my wrist and notice a scar has appeared on my arm. I pull my sleeve down, conscious of its existence.

My cell starts to vibrate, suddenly distracting me from the pain and sorrow of my white lines. I pick it up from the side table and answer the call. It's Jade, my best and most beautiful friend. She has the most perfect chocolate brown eyes and rich copper hair. Of course, her body is perfect. She intimidates me.

I've lost count of the number of men who beg at her pretty little feet.

"Hi, Jade, everything okay?" I can sense the distress in my voice, twisting my hair in my plait. I smile instantly at her.

"Yeah, babe, just checking if you’re still coming to pick me up." Oh shit, of course. Today’s Friday and I always pick Jade up. It hasn’t changed since I passed Drivers Ed. I check my watch and start to quickly grab my things.

“Yeah, um...I won’t be long, about half hour?" I say with a rush. I look down at my jeans and pull hard across so the button matches the buttonhole. Why won't my jeans fasten! Great, now I'm fat. I sigh at the thought.

"Okay, babe, love you," she says quickly and hangs up. Shit, school. Shit.



******

School is always like this on a Friday. Boring, and well, boring. I sense the people passing me in the corridor, oblivious to my tears, and me.

I’ve never felt as much sadness in my heart as I do at this exact moment.

I’m being stupid. I run to the nearest restroom and dry my eyes. Silly, silly Ella. Always dreaming and never believing.

I need a love in my life.

I need hopes, a real dream to chase me, to follow me. To help me. Maybe one day I will be okay again.

That's all I want. I don't care what it takes. I just want to be okay again. Maybe my day is today. I shake off the idea, dab my eyes with some toilet paper, and reapply my mascara. I just want someone to call me angel, or baby, or anything. Something that means something to someone. So that I mean something to someone. I don’t like being Ella 'Smella' anymore.

The school bell startles me and I snap back to reality. As I finish up my pointless bit of makeup, I look up and notice Jade looking directly at me.

“Ella, what’s wrong? You said you were okay on the ride over here.”

“Nothing, Jade, just me being stupid, ignore me.” I lied. I shrug my backpack onto my shoulder and turn to look at her.

“Ella, I’m not stupid. I’ve known you since kindergarten. Stop this,” and before I know it, I’m in Jade’s arms. Comforted by her embrace, I take full advantage. She smells beautiful today, especially her hair. I envy her sometimes. She gently pushes me out to full arms-length; her brown eyes are studying me, invading me.

“Tell me, Ella, or I’ll force you, and that’s not a threat, that's a promise.” Her smile is infectious. I find myself laughing out loud and she joins me. This is why she's my best friend. She’s amazing.

“I’m just sad, Jade, fed up of hiding myself away from everyone, everything. I just want to be found, you know? By someone that maybe gives a damn about me and my feelings for once, not including you, as you care for me more than anyone I know. I’m just lost right now. I know I will find my way. It just counts as to where and when.” I smile softly at her and she hugs me again.

“Your life has just begun.” She whispers in my ear. “Come,” she commands and links her arm through mine.

But the truth is, I'm not living. I'm just surviving.

We walk through the corridor and people wave and say hello to Jade, I’m ignored. My head hangs low and I watch my feet move, but I can't feel anything. The pang of jealousy always makes me envious and alone. We walk past a group of boys congregating by the lockers. Jade’s boyfriend, Mark, is there and he waves us over.

“Don't be afraid,” she whispers to me.

“I’m not.” I whisper back, she smiles at me and unlocks her arm.

NO!

Shit, she was my shield. I am not ready for this. She wanders over to Mark and I’m left standing there, staring at my sneakers.

“Ella.” Mark acknowledges. I give him a brief smile and turn back to my feet. There are four or five other boys standing at the lockers. They all look the same, dressed in the same clothing I think, and their hair is all in the same style - surfer rugged and loose. I feel a shudder run through my body. It’s so unexpected it scares me. I turn to walk away. I shouldn’t be here. These people are strangers to me.

I need to run.

As far away and as fast as possible.

I can feel eyes on me, but I can’t feel what direction they are coming from. I scan the hallway in the direction I have turned.

“See ya later, Jade!” I shout as I start to walk away.

“ELLA!” she shouts, but I’m walking fast, I need to get away. I feel myself starting to run and I really don’t want to stop. All my depressive thoughts fill my head again.

You’re not worth it Ella, the world would be better off without you and your stupid fucking brain.

This causes yet again, more tears. I shake my head in frustration, pull my hood over my head, and slow my pace through the school. I stop to try to find my iPod in my backpack, but it's buried in the abyss of books. I’m looking down when I bump into him.

“Sorry.” I stammer as I look up to meet the person I had rudely interrupted. Whoa.

“That’s okay,” the kindness in his voice startles me. No ‘Ella Smella’.

His smile is widening as he looks at me. His deep green eyes searching mine, his soft brown hair combed to the side with some escaping onto his forehead, a messy look that takes my breath away. His chiseled cheekbones fit his face perfectly. He looks muscular beneath his blue hoody and he is tall, boy is he tall! About six foot I’d say. I know him. I know who this is. He's the most sought after guy in school, Luke James. But, I'm feeling something from him. I can’t pinpoint it and it’s bugging me.

“Ella?” How does he know my name? “Are you okay, have you been crying?” He moves his hand toward my face and I pull back.

“Um, I’m fine, just tired. Sorry, Luke.” I wipe my face in the most un-ladylike manner.

“Don’t apologize, Ella. I wasn’t looking either,” he whispers.

For the first time today, I feel a genuine blush cross my face.

Luke is beautiful. Taken of course. Jenna Roberts is her name - I think. She has bleach blonde hair and deep, dark brown eyes, full of deep dark secrets. She is most definitely the most popular girl in school. She is one of the only people who have ever made fun of me for no reason. Torturing me with her awful name-calling.

“See you, Ella, try to stop crying. Life is a mystery.” He smiles. I look up to meet his gaze once more and melt.

"Bye, Luke.” I whisper. I scurry off past him and feel his eyes follow me as I go.

What the hell was that?



******

I find myself sitting in English, my favorite class of the day. I slowly drift off into a deep daydream and I find myself falling much deeper into a dark abyss.

I’m in a room, it’s pitch black, and I'm all alone. I’m panicked and my breathing is erratic. I steady myself, breathe as deeply as I can, and release the air from my lungs. Then, in the shadows, a voice appears. It’s dark, seductive, and captures me.

“Don’t worry, Ella. I’m here, too.” I can feel his presence as he walks towards me. Light comes streaming through a window that has just appeared. This full 6-foot body of a man is reaching for me. His hands begin invading my body, his strong, long arms holding me tightly at my waist. His fierce green eyes look deep into mine, green to grey, and they invade my soul. They captivate my heart. I reach out and feel his tanned, muscular torso beneath my trembling hands. He feels so nice to touch. I reach up and feel his dark brown hair float through my fingers. My eyes never leave his, and as I find comfort in his embrace to reach my mouth to his, he shouts at me.

“ELLA!”

“ELLA!”

I wake up this time and it startles me. I had dozed off on my desk.

“No time for dozing in my class, young lady.” He snaps at me.

It’s Alex, my English teacher. He's about 32 and is pretty gorgeous. He only lets us call him by his first name. He has beautiful bright blue eyes and blonde sandy hair. He looks like a surfer boy who never grew up.

I heard rumors last year that he took a student, funnily enough, Jenna Roberts, to a swanky bar in town and then had his way with her. Well, I wouldn't have said no.

But, I am still a virgin and intend to stay that way. That is my promise to myself, well, until I meet the love of my life at least. It’s sacred giving yourself to someone, especially that way. I want it to be special and deep, and something beautiful, but yet adults assume we know nothing at this age.

******



As school finishes, I make my way to the exit. I'm being extra careful to dodge Jade, mainly because of my little escape earlier. No doubt she will call me later. I make a stop at my locker and pick up a few schoolbooks, which I need for homework.

Continuing my exit, I walk over to the oldest car in the parking lot. I climb into my vintage, yes vintage, Mustang. It’s a 1965 soft top, it’s so beautiful. I love old cars, especially this one. It’s bright blue on the outside, but inside it’s wrecked. I've lost count of all the silver duct tape that holds the leather firmly in place. I climb in and attach my iPod into the system that my daddy installed for me.

Nickelback fill my ears with a song about Someday. As I turn the key to drive away, the lyrics speak to me, so I scream them. My breathing is fast. Time to drive Ella. As the engine roars into life, I go as fast as I can to the school gates. All these people are staring at me, but I don't really care. The music is much louder than it should be. My mom would be so annoyed.

“SHIT!”

I slam my breaks and screech to a halt. In front of me is the guy I ran into earlier. His blue jeans hang softly from his hips, his hoody defining his broad shoulders.

He smiles at me and I turn the music down. “You have a knack for running into me today, huh, Ella?”

He shakes his head at me and walks around to the driver’s door. He looks just as good as I remember, even though I nearly knocked him over. His eyes never leave mine. He squats next to the driver’s door, his forearms leaning against the cool, blue metal.

“I don't believe you're okay, Ella, I mean that music for one, the lyrics are quite sad, right?” He says quietly.

I smirk. “Not that it makes any difference to you, or me, or anyone. Just go away, Luke. I’m worthless. I’m told enough. I believe you said it to me once as well. I don't have time for you.” My words just stumble out and I regret them straight away. He stands up and starts to walk away. I turn the key and restart the ignition. My passenger door opens and Luke climbs in.

What the...?

“Luke, what are you doing?” There is such anger escaping my mouth.

“Ella, let’s go somewhere, you and me.” He's acting like this is normal.

“I don't know you, Luke. You are a stranger to me, why the hell would I go somewhere with you?”

“You know me well enough to know I won’t hurt or kill you, Ella.” He laughs. He throws his backpack onto my back seat and secures his seat belt.

“Fine.” I submit. My hands hit the steering wheel.

“Where do you wanna go?” I ask.

“Anywhere, somewhere we can just talk?”

“Luke, this makes no sense?”

“Just drive, Ella. Turn the music back up loud. Let’s go.”

I turn the stereo back on and drive out of the school gates. I notice Jenna in my side mirror with her posse, just standing in shock. I laugh to myself and head out.

For once, I finally have something to laugh about later. I stop at a bridge. It’s one of the most private places in the world to me, and if he wants to talk, then at least we are in one of my comfort zones and not one of his. I switch off the ignition and look down at my hands on the steering wheel.

“Why are we stopping?” he asks.

“This is one of my places, Luke, where I go to write. You want to talk? We can do it here. This is where I’m comfortable.”

“Okay, sure, let's go.” He climbs out of my car and shrugs his backpack over his shoulder. I lead him down under the bridge where there is a single bench.

“This bench has been in my life for about 5 years. I ran away when I was 11.” I murmur.

“Why did you run away?” he asks.

“Because I was sad.” I whisper.

“Like now?” he asks, and I nod. “Come on, Ella, we only get one chance in life, okay? I’m here for you to talk to, to confide in. Maybe it’s a bit headstrong I admit, but I want to help you and I couldn’t shake the thought off all afternoon, since you stumbled into me looking like you did.” He laughs and I join in.

“You have a great laugh, Ella.” He smiles at me. A full beam of beauty. We sit side by side. I weave my fingers in and out of each other. Neither of us speaks for a whole minute. The tension is dangerous. I suddenly feel frightened. Maybe it’s because I've brought a guy up here, to one of my only sanctuaries. Now I'm always going to be reminded of him.

“Luke-” I start and he stops me.

“Ella, I’m here because I want to be. You need a friend that won’t destroy you, or your mind, someone who can help you through stuff. I need to be that for someone, I can’t explain why, but it won’t leave me alone, and you walking into me today opened that up for me.”

“So, you just want to be my friend? Right?” I can’t hide the hurt in my voice. I don't even deserve to feel hurt, I barely know the guy. He’s a stranger to me, but if he wants to be friends, I could at least try.

“Yes, Ella, I want to be your friend. Look at me.” I turn to face him. I realize I haven’t checked my face since I cried again earlier. Mascara has probably destroyed my cheeks. He slowly pulls my hood down from my head and pulls my braid out of the jumper so it slumps over my right shoulder. He reaches into his backpack and pulls out a t-shirt. He gets out a bottle of water and puts some on the sleeve.

“Hold still, close your eyes,” he whispers. He leans over and wipes my eyes, my cheeks, and tucks my hair behind my ear.

“Now you look like you; you have beautiful eyes, Ella,” he smiles.

“Thank you.” I manage to mumble.

“No problem, you owe me a new t-shirt though.” He smiles from the corner of his mouth and bumps his shoulder with mine. He puts the T-shirt back in his backpack and turns back to face me. He really is a stunning man, his brown hair shades his eyes slightly, and the green looks so intense through the brown.

He makes me nervous. I still don't understand this. I’ve never really had a friend, apart from Jade. Yet, here we are, a guy I barely know wants to get to know me. I shift slightly and he puts his hand over mine. Skin on skin.

The feeling runs through me like an electric shock. It makes all my hairs stand on end. I get goosebumps immediately.

Whoa.

He removes his hand and his expression is the same as mine. He must have felt it too. He shakes his head slightly and rubs his palms along his jeans, as if to 'shrug it off'. It was strange and delightful all at once. It’s made him edgy, he shifts, like I did a second ago, and he turns to look at me. Our eyes meet, and he looks down at his hands.

“Ella,” he whispers. “You know when I asked you to turn the music back up loud? It’s because I wanted to know what songs you listen to. What lyrics make you feel sad-” I raise my hand to stop him.

“The music doesn’t make me sad, Luke. It makes me think. The lyrics save me. The words sang in a song define my love with myself, with the world. I was in the mood for the music I put on in the car. You know? Someone you don't know, singing to you, telling you about waves crashing, fires never burning out, love never ending. I like to believe it, sink into the words. Fall in love with a song for all the right reasons. Feel the music penetrate my heart, flow in my blood. Breathe in my lungs. I have an eclectic taste in music, it varies.” He just stared at me for a split second and his eyes studied my face.

“Ella, you have the same look in your eyes as I have. I feel the same way about music. It rules me.” He runs a hand through his hair. “Music is love, Love is music, right?”

“Where did you get that from?” I ask.

“Get what?”

“That quote?” I ask, my eyes scanning his.

“It’s written here, Ella.” He points to the quote, which I had written quite some time ago. It's written in black marker on the dark wood of the bench. Yes, of course, I knew I recognized it. His eyes widen when I look back at him. We are meant to be talking as friends but I feel the focus is only based on me.

I hate it being about me.

“Luke, tell me about you, this can't all be about me. Okay?” I ask him.

“Yeah sure, Ella. What do you want to know?” He smiles.

“What's your favorite ice-cream?”

“What's yours?” He smirks.

“Cookies and Cream, this is about you, not me, remember? Favorite ice-cream please?” I smile. I don’t think I've ever smiled as much.

“Cookies and Cream.” He replies. Snide bastard, he is obviously just trying to impress me.

“Seriously?” I ask with a massive frown upon my face. He lifts his hand to my forehead and runs a finger along the width.

“You know, you use more muscles in your face when you frown, more then when you smile. So, stop frowning. Smile, and yes, it’s my favorite.” I breathe in slightly and I honestly think I forget how to, just for a second. I stand up and walk over to the edge of the river that gently flows under the bridge. I sit, my knees crossed beneath me, and leave him for a second.

“What do you want, Luke, seriously? We have just met and you want to be my friend. This isn’t the normal way to make friends. For some reason I have brought you here. Some subconscious, or something, has told me to, and here we are, talking about ice cream. When this morning, I couldn’t even get my hair straight, and I felt just as alone then as I do now. You can be here, but my mind seems to lack the knowledge of letting people in. I’m sorry, but I just can’t understand it.” I shake my head slightly and sigh. I turn back to look at him. He’s looking at me intently from the bench and has his phone in his hand. He's twirling his cell through his fingers - it's distracting.

“Ella,” he manages. “I want to be your friend because earlier-when you bumped into me-” He swallows hard.

“What, Luke?”

“I felt something I have never felt before. It felt like a current or something and it rushed through my body like lightening. Like an unstoppable force that just overpowered me.” He whispered.

“I felt it too, but we can’t be more then friends, Luke, it would destroy us.” He gets up and walks toward me.

“Stand up.” He commands, and I do unwillingly, taking the hand he holds out for me. He turns my shoulders so I'm looking at him. He looks into my eyes, then looks at his feet, and shakes his head. His hands still on my shoulders, looking at me from arms-length.

“This is wrong.” He whispers and pulls me into an embrace. If it’s wrong, then why is he holding me? No, this can’t happen if he doesn’t want it to. I inhale his scent and begin to fight him off. I push but he doesn’t let me go. My arms push against his chest, his arms, but it’s hopeless.

“Luke-” I whisper. “I can’t if you can’t.” He still doesn’t release me and I give in and hold him back, my arms wrap around his back, and his head rests down on my shoulders. His hands are on my back, I feel the current and it doesn’t leave. It flows through us like waves, it makes me feel complete, and an emotion I don’t know captures me. I can’t condone it.

“Ella." He breathes in deeply. “I can’t know you. This was a mistake.”

“Why can’t you know me?” I snap back and push him away, the embrace breaks this time and I nearly stumble over my own feet. The feeling of want is immediately replaced with rejection.

“Ella, I-” he stops.

“Luke, if you don’t want to know me, why lead me under false pretenses?” I say quietly. “Who do you think you are, Luke? Do you do this a lot? Huh? Get girls to let their guards down and let you in. Luckily for me, I didn’t do it too soon. Go away, Luke.” I shout. We are about 3 feet apart. He steps towards me and I instantly step back, my arms raised.

“This is weird, right? We both feel something we shouldn’t, you much more than me, but if you don’t care, don’t. My heart is as fragile as glass, okay? It breaks easy. I can't cope with a broken heart, Luke. I can barely cope right now. Go home, forget this, me, us. Forget my favorite ice cream. Forget my music quote. Forget our embrace. Forget this. Okay?” The hurt in my voice this time cannot be hidden.

“I can’t hide from you. I can’t make you feel something you don’t. I can’t be your friend. That's why this is wrong. I need to go home, Ella.” He turns toward the bench, picks up his backpack, and looks back at me.

In that moment, something shifts. I walk toward him and hug him; he hesitates, but hugs me back softly.

“Bye.” I whisper.

“Bye, Ella. Remember you're beautiful, okay?” We shift and he looks down at me. In that moment, I don't care, I don't wonder. I stare at his mouth and he looks at mine. Our eyes meet and lock and I lean up and kiss him gently on the side of his mouth.

“Maybe one day.” I whisper. “When high school isn’t so complicated.” I turn to walk away and he grabs my arm. He pulls me back and our lips lock. The kiss is meaningful, deep, and passionate. His hands cup my cheeks, his mouth claiming mine. He pushes me up against the wall and pins my arms on either side of my head. His tongue explores and fights with mine, and I’m being kissed. I pull away.

“Luke, no, we can’t.” I whisper. He puts his forehead against mine and kisses me briefly on the lips. Then he walks away, and all I’m left with is his taste, his scent, and his feeling all embossed into me. At that moment, I know I will never get to kiss him again. The feeling destroys me.





 Two





The weekend goes by so quickly. I do nothing but write in my diary and write my book. I can’t get what happened out of my head. His touch, his smell, his kiss. My mother tried inviting me to one of the schools pep rallies but I really didn’t want to go. I couldn’t risk seeing him and feel more feelings we didn’t want.

Well, he didn’t want.

I wouldn’t mind getting to know him. To fall for him. To cherish and love him like no other, but it’s not my time. Not my chance.

“ELLA!” Holly screams from her bedroom.

“WHAT!” I scream back.

“Come here!” she shouts. I clamber off my bed and plod along the landing to her bedroom. My sister is only 16, but so knowledgeable. She’s sat on her bed, her long strawberry blonde hair cascading around her shoulders. She looks up at me with her piercing blue eyes and commands me to sit down. She’s on her laptop, on some social networking site. I never had one. I didn’t want to go mainstream, call it the rebel in me. I take a seat on her bed, the wood creaking as I sit next to her.

“Did you see Luke James on Friday night?” She asks.

“What?” I reply. How the hell does she know?

“Did you, or did you not, see Luke on Friday?”

“Yes.” I reply. I never lie to Holly, just like she doesn’t to me. “Why?”

“Because it’s all over here,” she points to the laptop screen and it’s true, she has Jenna on the site and her status reads:



Jenna Roberts says: Ergh, dick of a boyfriend decides he’d rather see a un loved little bitch then me on friday. And for everyone 2 know he was with that Ella Stone everyone thinks is a freak. Haha.



Eric says: Stupid man. I know how he feels about you Jenna they are probably just friends.



That one wasn't so bad I suppose. But they got worse.



Alexandra Rose says: Ergh what a jerk Jenna, there is nothing to Ella I doubt it was anything serious. Probably just trying to make her feel shit like we do.



He wrote one.

Shit.

I’m not sure I want to read it.

I do have every right so, whatever.



Luke James says: No Jenna, we were just talking as friends.



My heart regains some kind of feeling after holding my breath for at least a minute. There are more comments, but I ignore them. Holly turns to me and hugs me from the side. We are sat side by side on her bed. When she releases me, she strokes my hair behind my ear while I fidget with the elastic band around my wrist.

“We kissed.” I tell her. “There was something there, Holly, but he doesn’t want to know. He said it would be wrong.” My tears fall onto my knotted hands in my lap. She lifts my chin to match her face and looks into my eyes.

“You are perfect, Ella; you have a brilliant family, a brilliant car, which I am still jealous of as I can't drive yet!” She laughs. “But you’re my sister and I love you more than anything. If these guys ever try to hurt you, I will make them taste my wrath.”

“You scare me. How can you be sixteen?” I put a loose piece of hair behind her ear and she shrugs. “I love you, Holly. See you later, I have somewhere to go.”

“Sure,” she replies. “Remember I love you too.” I climb off her bed and walk out of her room.

I grab my keys off the walnut chest next to the front door and slam it behind me. How can these people be this mean? How can they torment me and hate me so much? All I ever want, or need to do, is help them.

Be someone's friend.

My voice is never heard. High school isn’t about the rejects and the ones who aren’t. It’s about the ones with a chance. I never got a chance. I’m lucky that even Jade still talks to me. Pain is deep into a person's soul. My pain shows on me everyday. I never socialize. I never go out. I never go to parties, I never dance. I never hang out and I never date. My life is a lie.

I climb into the front seat of my Mustang and start the ignition. He purrs and my iPod sparks into life. A slow song about running plays. Snow patrol. Perfect driving song. I pull out of my driveway and go.

I don't know where I am heading yet, but at this moment in time, I really don’t care. Anywhere but here is perfection. I don’t know what to do. Why would he finish with Jenna? I thought they loved each other. Well, obviously not because of what happened on Friday. It’s not because of me. It’s because she’s a bitch. She’s a big, mean, cruel bitch.

“Ella!” I curse at myself, stop being a bitch yourself. I drive through an unknown road of sheltered trees and fields and find myself looking left at a lake. I find somewhere to park, grab my notebook from the passenger seat, and find a comfy piece of grass to sit on. I don’t know how long I walk for, but I sit down and fade away for at least 3 hours.

When I look up from my notebook, the sun is setting and the orange and red colors float gently on top of the lake. There are geese settling onto the lake and it's serene. Beautiful. I sit and inhale deeply. A smile sweeps my face and I feel at peace. Suddenly starling me, my cell vibrates in my jean pocket. I pull it out and it’s a number I don't know. I contemplate whether to answer for a while, but I ignore my conscience and answer.

“Hello?”

“Ella.” It’s Luke. What does he want?

“Hi, Luke, what's wrong?”

“Where are you?” he commands.

“I don’t know, why?”

“I need to see you, and what do you mean you don’t know? I’ll come pick you up.”

“I’m fine, Luke, I have my car.”

Even though I don't know how to get home.

“How did you get my number, Luke?” I'm so angry. He can’t just lead me on and then dump me within the hour. I can’t get hurt, and I barely know him.

“Holly,” he whispers. “I tried your house phone and got no answer. I tried again and Holly picked up. I got your home number from the phonebook. What does where you are look like, Ella?” He persisted. I don’t want to see him. He doesn’t mean anything to me, just like I don't to him.

“It’s a lake. It’s beautiful. It’s sunset. It makes me wish I had my Polaroid.” I tease.

“I’m coming.” He says abruptly and hangs up. Why the hell is he coming? He has absolutely no reason to even think of me. I can’t let this irritate me. My peace and tranquility have disappeared. He was the one that said it was wrong, not me. I inhale deeply and take one last look at the magical colors.

I sit for at least another forty five minutes writing my thoughts into my notebook. I re-read my words and hold back the tears.



The pain of yesterday drowns out the pain of tomorrow.

My life is buried in hatred, in lies, nobody cares, and nobody listens.

I'm lost in an abyss of my own mind; it tells me I'm worthless, a nothing.

To anything.



I realize the only light I now had was from the moon. I scramble up onto my feet and walk in the direction that I believe is to my car. The same thought keeps crossing my mind.



Why would he want to see me anyway?



It’s Sunday night, I have school tomorrow, and I suddenly feel lethargic. I need my bed. I feel my eyes struggle to stay open.



You're a waste of space Ella.



Why can my mind be so cruel? I growl at the thought and realize I can no longer see. Complete darkness has swept the countryside. I struggle to get my phone from my pocket and find the handy flashlight application. I activate it and it’s so bright I can see everything clearly. I spot my car and walk carefully as to not worry any animals or creatures of the world.



Shit.

A spark of fear sweeps through me and stills my body. My heartbeat paces and it feels that at any moment it might stop. It’s someone, or what it sounds like many peoples voices. I’m about 20 meters from my car so I carry on my walk, listening intently to everything. My flashlight gently powers out and my phone lets out an insignificant warning that my battery has died. I bash the back of the phone and put it back in my pocket. So now I’m walking in complete darkness when a flashlight stops me in my tracks.



Fuck.



It’s coming from the opposite side of my car. I know once I’m in my car I’ll be fine. Headlights aim at me and I feel myself suddenly ducking down.

The bright beams of light are going down a road; I think it’s the same one I came from. My heart rate accelerates again and panic sweeps through my veins. I need to get to my car. Raising and steading myself, I run. As fast as I can, until I come to an abrupt halt, running into the car’s driver side door. Ouch.

“Fuck.” I whisper and rub my knee. I pray that they didn’t hear me. I jump around the door and into the driver's seat, slumping down as far as I can go. I search my pockets for my keys and they’re not there.

“Shit.” I say under my breath.

“Well, well, well, Ella Stone. What are you doing out here so late and all alone?” Her voice is so unexpected and female. I look up and look for the car headlights I saw before. They are still too far away.

“Out of the car, Ella.” The voice is angry and full of tone. I slowly raise myself out of the uncomfortable position I find myself in and stumble when I jump to the ground. Behind me, footsteps approach.

“Touch my man again, bitch, and I'll kill you. That's not a threat, Ella, but a promise.” She spits in my ear.

I shudder and the fear returns in full force. My body now feels numb and I can't register what is happening. I look up, as I didn’t realize I was looking at the ground. There are four flashlights pointing at me. They stun my eyes so I look away. Suddenly I’m on the ground, twigs and mud hit my face. My face meets something hard and cracks under the pressure. Someone kicks me with such force into my stomach it makes me gasp for my next breath. The pain rushes through my body like an electric shock.

“Why are you doing this?” I whisper.

“Because you took him from me, just like every other bitch did.” It’s then I realize that this is about Luke.

“Jenna?” I whisper.

“Far from it.” She kicks me again, and this time I cough and splutter, and feel tears slowly descend from my eyes. I hear the car that was approaching park, and the figures move.

“Until next time.”

The last figure runs away like the rest of them. The pain is now shocking through me at a radical pace and I can’t control my breaths. They are fast and shallow. I must be bleeding because I can taste metal. Someone shouts and it makes me jump.

“ELLA!” It’s Luke, he runs and slumps next to me.

“Ella, shit, what's happened? Are you okay? Talk to me, Ella.”

I sit up and hold the side of my face. Ouch.

“I’m fine, Luke, I just fell.”

“Don’t lie to me, Ella.” I can’t see him, but his voice comforts me. “I saw them run off, whoever it was.”

“One of them warned me not to see you, Luke. That I’d stolen you from her.” He gently lifts me to my feet.

“Can you stand?” he asks, and if on cue, I wobble.

“I think so.” I slur. Before I can say anything else, I’m in his arms. He has lifted me off my feet, holding me like you would a small child. I smell a rich, vibrant cologne float off him.

“You smell nice.” I smile.

“Thanks.” he replies. “Let's have a look at you then shall we.” Without putting me down, he carefully opens the back door of what I think is a jeep, and puts me on the back seat. He switches the overhead light on and looks at me.

“Jesus Christ, Ella! What have they done to you?” I briefly look into the rear view mirror and shrug.

“I’ve had worse.” He goes to hug me and it makes me wince.

“Sorry.” He whispers. He leaves me and goes into the trunk of his car to get something out. He slams the door shut and puts his bag down beside me. He scavenges through it and gets what looks like antiseptic wipes and a Band-Aid.

“No Band-Aid.” I protest.

“Don’t be silly, Ella, you're bleeding.” He carefully wipes away the blood that has trickled down my face. It gives me another chance to study him. He is beautiful, definitely not someone who should think of me. His face is defined and completely perfect. His eyes a light friendly green with a dark deep green surrounding them. His hair sweeps them as he concentrates on cleaning me up.

“That’s twice now you have had to clean me up!” I smile. I’m rewarded with a smile that touches his eyes.

“Why did you want to see me?” I whisper. His eyes lock onto mine and he breaks the contact to reach for another wipe.

“I wanted to see you, Ella. I needed to see you.”

“Why?” I ask and my body shudders.

“Are you cold?” He asks.

“Sort of, adrenaline I think.” I shrug.

“I think we should leave your car here tonight, I’ll get someone to come pick it up in the morning for you.” He demands.

“I need it to get to school. I can drive, I’ll be fine.” I protest.

“No, Ella. Tell you what, how about I come pick you up around six am and we can go get it, yeah?” I nod and throw him a smile.

“Six am huh? I may be hard to handle.” I wink at him.

“Me too!” he jokes. He then secures the Band-Aid over the cut on my forehead, I wince, but when it’s secured, he kisses it.

“Now, are we going to get down to why I was attacked?” I snap.

“Whoa, Ella, chill out.” He raises his hands in protest.

“Sorry” I whisper. “Why did she tell me to stay away from you? Following in her words, that she’ll kill me.”

“She said that?” He whispers, sounding mortified. “Ella-” he pauses and swallows. This obviously is something personal to him. “I have to tell you because she hurt you, which as a matter of fact, she had no fucking right to do. But it’s entirely my fault. I think it was a girl named Sarah. She was my ex-girlfriend. Well, is my ex-girlfriend. She never targeted Jenna because Jenna is popular. She must have found out about you through the Internet. You are an easy target, Ella.” He is studying my face for a reaction but I’m calm, blunt, and stunned. The pain is still radiating in my head and a headache has swept through. I rub my forehead with my hand and accidentally rub my cut.

Shit, that hurt.

“She’s mental, Ella. When I finished with her, she stormed into my house and destroyed my room. All my clothes were cut and all my stuff smashed. She’s been trying to get me back for at least a year. I’m not interested in her. I never was really. She tried to force me to have sex with her, forced me to take her on dates. She made me tell everyone I knew that she was my girlfriend and that I loved her. She was messed up then. She’s even more messed up now.”

“So, she wants to hurt me, to get to you? How would she know where I was? Why would she have a gang with her? This makes no sense, Luke.” My voice becomes a fraction of a whisper. “I thought it was Jenna, I was terrified.” I look down at my knotted fingers and he comes to sit next to me. I move over to the other seat and look out the window. He shuts the door and the car spirals into complete darkness.

“I’m so sorry, Ella, I don’t know what to say. I needed to see you, to hear you, to be close to you, and I find you here like this, attacked, and it’s my fault. It kills me. I’m going to be brutally honest, Ella." He sighs and closes his eyes. Reopening them, he continues. "There is this attraction I feel with you. I never felt it before, but now it follows me everywhere. It won't move on. Since we kissed the other day, my mind hasn’t escaped you. It scares me, Ella.”

“I scare you?” I whisper.

“No, quite the opposite.” He lets out a loud sigh. The tension has dramatically increased in the car. The windows have steamed up from our body heat. I decide to write on the one closest to me.

Love is a quest and you’re not my ending.

I unlock the door and step out into the open; the cold air fills my lungs.

“Ella, what are you doing?”

“Staying away from you.” I slam the door. I know I’m going to get a reaction, and I think I like that feeling. As if on cue, he steps out and walks around to where I’m stood. I turn to look at him and all I can see is his outline. What a fine outline he is.

“You don’t know me, Luke. My heart has a thousand secrets all hidden away just for me. Why jeopardize my feelings and create a world of emotion that I can't contradict? Why break my heart before it’s even fully yours to break?” I move and rest my back against the cool metal of the car door and slide down to the soft grass below. I feel Luke copy my motions. He sits next to me, our arms touching. He picks up my hand and kisses each knuckle individually.

“I wish this could work, Ella, but I don’t know how.” He puts his arm around me and I shuffle so I can rest my head on his shoulder.

“Life is a mystery as you say, maybe love is too. I’m not the girl for you, Luke. I mean, I have problems okay, so many. I can’t get you involved in my life, just as you don’t want me in yours. I don’t even know if I’ve made it into college. Well, the one I want. I got into UCLA to study, but it’s so far away. I got into their extension writers' program. They only accept just over 400 students per year, so I’m lucky I guess. Something in my life has finally gone my way. I just don’t think I’ll do very well.”

“You will, Ella.” He said very matter of factly.

“You barely know me, Luke.” I mutter too quietly.

“I know you better than you think.” I raise my head to look at him, even though I can see nothing.

“Luke, I’m a very private person. My life is sealed off from everyone apart from my sister. Even Jade doesn’t know me that well. My life is a lie, Luke. Everything is a lie. I have a voice that just sits there, and at inappropriate times, tells me I’m worthless. That I’m pointless, and that never goes away, it never leaves me.” I let out a sigh and softly shake my head.



Ella you need to talk to him. Talk to someone.



“Luke - I have baggage, so I’m not right for you. You have money, a stunning girlfriend, and an expensive car. You get invited everywhere. All the local parties and pep rallies. In the last year, I’ve only been invited to the writer's lunch and that was insistent. I don’t have a typical fun high school life. I’m boring, and you’re fun, and exciting, and handsome.”

“That’s what you assume, but it’s not the truth. Truth is, is that I’m just as scared as you. Just as worried. Frightened in fact. Life is scary, Ella, I have problems too, you’re not the only one.”

“Don’t judge me, Luke!” I snap.

“Like you didn’t judge me just a minute ago.” He mutters under his breath.

“I don’t need this, I don't need you, I’m going.” I go to get up and he grabs me and pulls me onto his lap so that I’m astride him. I let out a scream and it turns into a giggle.

“Kiss me,” he whispers.

“No.” I whisper back and bend myself, so that I’m next to his ear. I inhale his beautiful scent. "Like I said, maybe when high school is done.” I smile under my words, and it feels good to reject someone else rather than be the victim. As I pull away, he grabs and gently holds either side of my face, his hands in my hair. He pulls me closer, so that our lips are barely touching.

“Ella, what are you doing to me?” his whisper is unraveling and I want to kiss him, but I won't, I can’t get hurt, not again.

“Likewise, Luke.” I breathe back. I’m biting my bottom lip and our heartbeats and muttered breaths are all that is heard among the crickets and night animals. I feel confidence sweep me and I raise my hand to his heart.

“Maybe one day, when high school and college is done and there is no-one to worry us, I can have this, Luke. To care and look after me, to love me. But for now, until that day, I can’t see you, because all I’ll want to do is hold your hand, kiss your lips, and sleep side-by-side with you. Breathe the same air as you, but we can’t, and our fate has been intervened. Maybe one day, but not today.” I climb to walk away and he pulls gently on my hand.

“No, Ella-”

“Bye, Luke.”

“Please let me take you home. It’s the least I could do.” His voice sounds hurt and quiet.

“Fine, I’ll have to walk to wherever this is in the morning.”

“Ella, I said I’d pick you up and bring you back, and I will.” I climb off of his legs and walk around to open the passenger door. When he climbs into the driver's seat, he pauses.

“Ella, I don’t think I can just be your friend.” He sighs and shakes his head.

“Then don’t be.” I whisper, a plea, a beg. The tension is back and it is driving us together, but neither of us a take a chance or a moment to notice and take control. I don't understand my words, what this is.

“You know I can’t, Ella.” His tone is blunt and filled with hidden regret.

“Why not? Because it’ll destroy your high school reputation? It’ll ruin your chance of being 'Prom King'? Everyone will laugh, and point, and stare at you? Welcome to my fucking world.” The anger in my voice subsides immediately. “You know what's funny? I voted for you to be Prom King, stupid huh?” I smile and stifle a laugh he joins in. When we stop, seriousness surrounds us again.

“That's not the reason. None of those things you have just said are the reason.” His voice is shaken.

“Then what?” What could he possibly mean? If he won't be ashamed of me?

“I can't fall in love with you. Not now, give or take two or three months ago then maybe, but I can’t go to college and be in love.”

“That's so selfish of you! Maybe I don’t want your love. I don’t want you if you really don’t want me. I feel, I don’t know what I feel, but ever since I looked at you and kissed you, I became entrapped with you. I just can’t forget you. Everything I have written today has been about you. You have captured me, Luke, like a hopeless butterfly caught in a net. What angers me the most, is that I can’t do anything about it. There is something I want to share with you before we only become, well, friends.”

I open the door and walk toward my car. Luke leaves the headlights of his unnecessarily expensive jeep thing on so we can see what we are doing. I check my back pocket, and to my surprise, there are my keys, just sat there in my pocket. I pull them out and Luke studies me with dominance.

“No, Luke, I’m not going to drive. I’m just going to put my iPod on.” I smile at him and he smiles back. I finally feel some relaxation after the whole charade. I put on the song that I think fits the moment. 'Heartbeats' fills our ears and a gentle soft guitar immediately makes me feel at ease. I climb onto the hood of my Mustang.

“Who is this?” Luke asks.

“Jose Gonzalez. The song is called Heartbeats. It’s fitting, come on.” I hold my hand out for him to follow me onto the hood of my car. He takes it and we laugh when he falls against the hard metal.

“Lay back and look at true beauty. The stars are out in full force tonight. It’s a perfect night for stargazing. Isn’t the sky beautiful? I always count myself lucky to have life, so I can have moments like this. See magnificent things, with these magnificent camera’s we all call eyes. Capturing and memorizing our precious memories and storing them in our own personal photo album.”

“Like a human camera.” He whispers.

“Like a human camera.” I repeat.

We sit and gaze for at least ten minutes, neither of us speaking, Heartbeats playing on repeat, and right now, I could listen to it forever. I drop my hands to my side, and it’s then that Luke grabs my hand. His fingers weave and lock with mine, and an unexplained shiver takes over my body. I sit up immediately and he follows.

“You can’t do that.” I protest.

“I can, Ella, and I will.” Before I can even mutter a reply he is over me, kissing me with such persistence and force that I'm demanded to lay back. Butterflies explode in my stomach and over power me. His kiss grows deep and he toys and bites my bottom lip. I let out a groan and give his tongue easy access to fight mine. Our tongues lock and caress each other, it feels like a real kiss should, but this one just means so much more. His hands hold my face and bury into my hair, his body is leant over mine, delicately avoiding hurting me. When he gently lets go, he is breathless. I’m staring into his eyes and the green of his connects with the grey of mine. He rests his forehead on mine and closes his eyes.

“Ella,” He breathes. “Date me, let's go somewhere. Let's try.”

“You’ll be made fun of, Luke. They will all make jokes.”

“I don’t care. I want to get to know you. I want to know you, Ella. All of you. What your favorite food is, where you grew up, what your favorite perfume is, and what's your favorite song? Your best memory and your personal goal. Do you like tea or coffee? I just want to know you, Ella.” I shift underneath him and he gently slides off me and onto the grass.

“Luke, it’s late, we need to go.” I climb down, retrieve my keys from the ignition, and walk back to his car. I try the passenger door, and it’s locked.

“Unlock this please.” He stands and comes behind me, my back to his front. He puts his head next to my ear and breathes in.

“No." His whisper is almost seductive. “Turn around, Ella, let me see you.” I turn, and he doesn’t look at me - but kisses me and lets me fall deep into him again. My hands are pinned under him against the car. I break away and my breathing calms.

“Open the door, Luke.”

“Date me.” He demands.

“Maybe.” I say, through an unrecognized smile. He opens the door with the key, rather than the key fob, and doesn’t take his eyes off mine. When it unlocks, he lets me go.

“Thank you.”

“You're welcome.” He walks around the car and gets into the driver's side. He slides into his seat with such grace.

“Mac and cheese, Charlotte - North Carolina, I don’t wear perfume, Dream Catch Me, watching Holly grow up, to be a writer, and coffee. Anything else?” I don’t think I stopped to breathe. I look at him and catch his smile. He starts the car and the huge engine roars to life.

“Mac and cheese huh? Interesting choice.” His smile is infectious.

“I like mac and cheese.” I grumble. “What kind of car is this? It’s huge, just for one person.”

“It’s a Mercedes ML-Class 4.0 v8 diesel. I got it for my eighteenth birthday. Are you going to continue to ask me pointless questions or are we going to talk about what just happened?” The car speeds slightly and I can tell instantly from his driving, he is getting anxious.

“I don't know what to say, Luke. I like you kissing me. Feeling all those magical flutters flow through my veins, it’s like an explosion that I can’t subside.” I shake my head and he slows the speed of the car slightly.

“I like kissing you too.” He breathes. He plays around with something on the steering wheel and the car is filled with music. 'When September ends'. As he drives, the song sends me off into a daydream. The lyrics are speaking to me in a way they shouldn’t. I try to block it out, but here it comes. It’s back and raging in full force.



I need to cut.



No, I don’t!



Cut Ella! Cut! Cut!



NO!



My mind is torturing me. I must have forgotten to take my pills. I’m oblivious to where I am.

I’m with Luke. He cares for me.



No, I don’t need to cut.



I don't.



I don’t.



I FUCKING DON’T.



Okay Ella, calm down. Remember what your Dr. said. Happiness is with the beholder.



No, Luke, doesn’t care for me, he just wants to fuck me.



NO!

I need to get home before I have an anxiety attack. My whole body has tensed just from one sad song. I can’t be this weak, I got so far. I feel sweat pour down my face. Luke puts on another song and all that tension and wanting to hurt goes. It feels so much better. I’m calmed immediately. It’s 'Baby Got Back'. He goes to change the track and I have to stop him.

“No, Luke, I like this song.” So he leaves it and we drive down the long road I was so relaxed driving on earlier.





 Three





We drive home with soft songs playing, none of which are making me anxious. I direct him to my house and we laugh and joke all the way. I totally forget about my anxiety attack. I’m glad I controlled it and that he didn’t have to witness it. At least not yet, well, that’s if he wants some kind of relationship with me. If he knew, he would be running for the hills. My illness is forbidden to be spoken about. Sometimes I just have to scream it out, run and scream. It’s so built up, but my pills help me. My mom was heartbroken when she found out what I had done. I was shocked to see her that way. Begging me to stop, pulling at my clothes, sobbing. I just held her. Held her until she stopped.

It’s an addiction.

Just one more pill, just one more drink, just one more drag, just one more cut.

We’re all addicted to something, something that takes away the pain. We’re all scared of ourselves. Scared of the inner workings of our own minds. Desperate for an escape, a way out, a release. Living in such a cruel world, we don’t know what to do anymore. We’ve lost sight of who we are. We just indulge in habits that kill us; kills us so sweetly, so sinfully. We take comfort in the pain, it’s familiar, it’s what we know.

Just one more pill, just one more drink, just one more drag, just one more cut.

We’re all addicted to something that takes away the pain, but my pain is still there and nobody knows. It’s hidden. I don’t want to tell Luke, and that’s our fate killed already because of my stupid fucking addiction. When we pull up outside my house, my feelings subside, I feel relaxed, but my palms are sweaty. He stops, puts on the brake, and turns off the ignition. He bows his head.

“Ella, I don’t know what you are feeling right now, but I wish I did. This is going quick. We haven’t even had a date yet and I’m barely broken up from Jenna.”

His words are a whisper. I don’t understand. Now he’s dumping me, again? What? He’s right, we don’t know each other and he’s only just left his ‘hot shot’ beautiful girlfriend. Fuck this. What happened to the Luke that just shared such an intimate experience with me? Did he disappear?

“I think we should slow down. Before one of us gets hurt.”

“Little late for that, don't you think, Luke?” With those words, the destroyed look on his face, combined with the embarrassed look on mine, I pull at my seatbelt and unlock the door. It slams behind me and even makes me jump. I walk as fast as I can towards my front door and I can feel eyes on me.

His eyes.

My bag is too fucking big! I can’t find my keys and the frustration is irritating. I feel a warm hand on my shoulder, which stills me immediately. I turn, and his lips lock with mine. Again, those unsuspected butterflies are released in my body, making my blood run warm and my breath lose itself.



*****



The sun woke me with its light piercing through the tiny gap in my drapes. I squint and smile. The first time in such a long time, I have smiled when waking. I turn, stretch, and look up at my ceiling. Last night my life changed. All my demons were erased by this one single man. He made me feel the impossible, like life was a gift. I have never felt that pleasure of loving life. He has kissed me more than any other man has my entire life and every single time I felt warm and myself.

If he doesn’t choose me, then what should I do? Shall I return to being depressed lonely Ella, surrounded by her haunts and selfish memories?

SHIT! What is the time?

The panic swoons my face and it makes me sit up right. My cell isn’t on my bedside drawer. Where the fuck is my cell? I I’m turning my room upside down, when there is a knock on my door. I’m only in lace panties and a Metallica tee. The doorknob turns and my mom walks in, with Luke by her side. I freeze and blush instantly, I pulling at the hem of my shirt to hide my bare legs. I turn and pick up my blanket from my bed. I cover myself and sit on my dresser to hide my modesty.

“Hi.” I manage.

“Ella, honey, sorry. Luke is here to take you to school?”

“Erm, yeah, er, Mom, can you give us both a minute?” she looks at me puzzled. I give her a reassuring smile and nod my head.

“Okay, darling.” She leaves and shuts the door gently behind her. My mom gets it. She gets what I need. Instantly Luke walks towards me, scoops me up in his arms, and places me on the bed. He moves his hands across my torso up to my face. His lips again meet mine, making all sorts of feelings erupt in me. I move and make the kiss deeper, welcoming. His body is hard against mine, like he’s desperate for my taste. He hardens beneath his jeans and that makes me want him. I have never felt that. We kiss for what feels like an eternity before we break. His hands cover my cheeks and he looks deep into me.

“Hi, beautiful,” he smiles.

“Morning.” I whisper. “What time is it?” He climbs off me and grabs his cell from his jeans. He is sat up right, straddling me. Wearing a tight black T-shirt with light jeans that have those sexy slits in the knees. My God, this man is attractive. He shifts and his hair sweeps across his eyes before he pushes it back. He moves over me and rests his forehead against mine until our lips are just barely touching. The lightening force overpowers us and this sudden urge is undeniable. I need to be with this man. His green eyes pierce mine and a thrill of pleasure ushers over my body.

“It’s 6am.” He whispers against my lips. He lays a gentle kiss on my closed mouth and moves away from me.

No, come back. I suddenly realize I am half-naked laid out on my bed before a man who I barely know. Shit, he’s going to see them. No, no, no. Panic radiates my body and I stumble to my feet.

“Please don't look at me, Luke, please.” I can feel the tears build from within as I scramble to find some clothes.

“Why, Ella, you are beautiful.” I turn to face him and drop my clothes. “No I’m not.” I stutter my words and the tears make me heave.

“Ella, why are you crying? Please, baby, don’t cry. What have I said? Are you okay?” He walks over to me and puts my head in his hands. I instantly look down and away from him.

“Ella, look at me. Please.” I look up to meet his gaze and quickly wipe my eyes. He seems to look genuinely worried about me. Do I need to talk to him? Tell him my deepest secrets? My whole life, the lies, the hate.

“I’m sorry.” My whisper cries with me and I just can’t stop, the valve won’t switch off. I drop to my knees and sob so hard. I just don’t want there to be any problems. Why am I so fucked up? Why am I the problem? Luke follows me to the ground and pulls me onto his lap. He holds me and I feel him breathe me in as I try control my hysteria.

“Ella, I don’t know why you feel this way, or why you are crying, but let me help. Let me in. I know it has only been a couple of days, but I need to know you. You are everything right now. I want to see you. Look at me.” I look to meet his gaze, and I’m sure my eyes are bright pink. His soft hands wipe my tears away and the loose strand of hair is tucked behind my ear. I feel a smile sweep my face and I can feel myself blushing.

“That’s better. You look beautiful, cry face or no cry face.” He smiles at me, a full face of teeth and love. I find myself looking away again.

“Ella, what is it?” He interrogates me further.

“I hurt myself.”

“What, where? Let me see.” I giggle subconsciously and he stares at me, with a confused look spread across his face.

“No, you don’t understand, I hurt myself, Luke. Most days, some days.”

“Ella, I don’t follow, what do you mean you hurt yourself?” Well done Ella, you really have to tell him now, and pray to God that he doesn’t tell anyone.

“I’m a self-harmer.” My words are barely at a whisper. I look at his stunned reaction and stand up. I lift my shirt over my head so that I’m stood naked, except my bra and panties before him. My hair falls down around my shoulders, barely covering my bra. I shuffle my feet and look down at him; his eyes are invading my body, my soul.

I have depression. I have had it since I was thirteen years old. Ever since I started to bloom in high school, I was catapulted into who I am today. A depressed, messed up girl, who constantly looks like hell and has no friends. Who lives here every day with no hopes for tomorrow. Luke, you should go.” I turn, so that my back faces him, and put my shirt back over my head and awkwardly shuffle to find some jeans. I pull them on and open my bedroom door. “Go on, go for fucks sake. You won’t want me now. Just like everybody else.”

“Ella, I-”

I shake my head and look up at him. “Luke, just save the sympathy, and you can save the emotions, too. You won’t win.”

“Let me speak, God damn it!” His words make me jump and it makes me thankful my parents are two floors below us. The anger in his voice brings back my tears, stinging already sore eyes with the saltiness of them.

“Sorry.” I whisper. He walks towards me and gently lifts my hand from the handle. Slowly shutting the door, he pushes me up to the cold wood and holds both my hands. His eyes penetrate mine and he looks hurt, as his nose grazes mine, he sighs deeply. I take the time to breathe him in.

“I don’t know why you feel that way, I’m sorry you suffered during high school. I’m sorry I didn’t talk to you sooner. I always noticed you, Ella. That’s not even a fucking lie. I know you were in math with me; you always chewed your pen, man that bugged the shit out of me. I noticed when you weren’t in school, when your desk was empty. I always noticed when you were having a bad day. You always wore your hood up if you were sad. You always wore bright colors when you were happy. I know I can’t make you better, but even though your body is covered in faint white lines that show each individual sad time in your life - I still want you, and to be honest, when you took your shirt off I wasn’t looking at the scars. I was looking at you.” He smiles, which then turns into laughter and I find myself joining him. My head gently rests against his shoulder and I memorize him, his warmth. I want to remember this.

“I haven’t ever told anyone. Not even Jade knows, only my family knows.” His eyes again focus solely on me and my heart flutters an unknown feeling. It causes me to catch my breath. His mouth turns into a sexy smile that makes me want to kiss him. His fingers begin to weave through my hair and it’s so soothing. Considering I have no make-up on and look a mess, he is still being so delicate with me.

Oh my God. I have just admitted to a boy who I haven’t even been on a date with yet that I suffer from depression. I sigh and drop my head.

"Shhh, Ella, stop those voices. Look at me." He helps me lift my head and his hands hold my head firmly.

I think I’m falling in love with him. These are the kisses you watch in movies, not real life. His hands are weaving in my hair, touching my cheeks. When he breaks the kiss, he strokes my bottom lip with his thumb and I open my eyes.

“I don’t know if you felt what I just felt right then, Ella, but we both need to try this, just so I can kiss you like that for days, months, years.” I look up and smile at him, our eyes searching each other’s emotions.

We ride to school talking and deciding on a date. My car was outside my house when we left. He had driven it back for me - which I though was insanely sweet, and to my surprise on the driver’s seat laid a single white lily. This again, made me feel deep for him. We pull into the parking lot, with faces starting at us in all directions, invading both of us, desperate for the tiniest bit of gossip.

“Ignore them, Ella.” Luke whispered. He maneuvered the car into a space, which he made look so delicate and turned off the engine.

“Ready to face the lions?” He smiled at me.

With that, I had my reassurance from him and stepped out of the car.





 Four





It was nothing like he said. School was a nightmare. I didn’t see Luke all day, apart from one time. It was nothing like he said. I thought that maybe now things would be different. He hadn’t contacted me all day. Not through text or email. He just ignored me. He was standing at a locker with a group of typical high school jocks. All of them laughing and joking. He really fit in and he looked so handsome. I didn’t want to intrude anyway, so what happened shocked me all the more. I was alone, walking the corridor, minding my own business, when they slashed me open with their foul words.

“Ella Smella!” one shouted, which made me look around. I stood staring, dumbfounded, like I'd been punched hard in my gut. All the air escaped my lungs and tears pricked my eyes.

Luke had just made fun of me.

He laughed along with the other guys and I felt my legs want to give way underneath me. My tears began to fall and I turned to walk away. But before I could continue, I mustered some courage from God knows where, and I had to prove something. I stormed over to them as they carried on laughing and pushed Luke hard against a locker. His hands flew up in protest and pushed me away.

“Jesus, Ella, what the hell?”

“You deserve nothing, life isn’t to be fucked with, and it’s a fucking joy. A JOY!” I yelled. “You keep breaking me, watching me snap. You're nothing, Luke. Call me “Ella Smella” again, watch me break. I’m sure it’s fun for all you dicks right now in high school to hurt people like me. People who have been an outcast from day-fucking-one.” He broke me. I feel myself give way and fall to the ground, and again, they all laugh at me. I look up to see Luke acting like everything's okay. This man who made me feel such hope and grace for him this morning has now completely fucked me over to make fun of me. My tears flood my eyes and my body shudders as I breathe in.

“Ella, you’re beautiful.” He says - much to my surprise. I look up to see his face as his hands grab my shoulders and lift me to my feet. The men surrounding us ask Luke what the fuck he was doing.

“Luke, she’s a freak!” one of them says.

“No, she isn’t, she’s an angel in disguise.” His knuckles graze my cheek.

I pull away. Not breaking eye contact, I run as fast as I can in the direction I hope was the exit. I need my car and I didn’t have it. I live four miles away from school and I really didn’t want to run or walk the entire way. It was only half past two, so I was also skipping school.

I end up at my bridge and found my bench. I just sit there thinking of what I want and need. He obviously wanted to prove a point to his friends, that part I understood, but not in that way. I feel humiliation, hurt, and devastation all at once. Then confusion hit me at one hundred miles an hour. I weave my hands in and out of each other trying to think. I rest my head in my hands as my arms lean half bent on my knees. Luke James. This man within less than one hundred hours has captivated me. Captured me and changed my life. I am already feeling love. It hurts; it’s causing me to sweat, to wonder, and to feel guilt. Why is this happening to me? I don’t deserve to be in love with a beautiful, popular guy. It just doesn’t happen to girls like me. I’m sure he isn’t thinking about love. Probably just wants to get into my pants. He can’t be. His gentleness, his kisses that felt like gifts, it felt like he had such a passion to want me, to kiss me.

A shiver moves through me, causing my skin to break out in goose pimples. I look to my left, then my right, hoping that maybe he followed me.

There is a woman at the other end of the bridge. I look away, and she doesn’t move.

She’s just standing there.

The feeling of fear starts cursing my veins, searing my heart. I sit, afraid to move. What if it’s the girl from the other night? What if it’s Sarah? I look slowly to my left and she was still there. I look back with my eyes shut and inhale deeply. With courage I didn’t realize I had, I stand slowly to my feet.

“Stop, Ella, don’t walk away, I just want to talk to you.” Her voice doesn't match the voice I heard last night and every muscle in my body relaxes. I still didn’t know who she was. I turn to face her and she looks shaded, lost. A spitting image of me two years ago. It makes me feel sad to see someone like this.

“Who are you?” I ask, trying to cover up the remainder of my fear.

“My name is Sarah. I’m sure you have heard of me.”

Fuck. I watch as she tucks a loose strand of long golden hair behind her ear. Her eyes are dark, the circles underlining them taking away the aspect of her true beauty. She’s stick thin, she looks unwell, and her clothes hang off her like a garbage bag would. Her eyes don’t leave mine as she speaks to me. I'm afraid she might hurt me, but looking at her, I highly doubt it.

“Yes, Sarah, I have heard of you, what do you want?” I try to make it sound as un-threatening as possible. I'm pissed that she thought she could just follow me and scare me, but at the same time, she had some kind of aura that made me feel almost sorry for her. Clinging to her hoody like it was sacred. It was definitely a letterman jacket and I had an inkling to why she had it.

“I have come to see you as a warning, and as a fellow lover of Luke’s.”

Fellow lover?

My heart sank as those words escaped from her mouth. I watched her expression as she studied mine. The tension was building; I could feel myself getting wound up and my anxiety-kicking in.

“You attacked me, Sarah. Why are you back? Luke and I aren’t together either. So I have no idea why you did that to me.”

“Attacked you? I didn’t attack you, Ella.”

My body shudders in response. Who the fuck attacked me then?

“You didn’t? Then who did? Sarah, what are you doing here?” My nerves responded and I start to shake. Her eyes were a piercing bright green color. They remind me of someone who had felt pain and loss.

“I’m here to warn you.” Her voice is stern and arrogant.

“What do you mean warn me? About what?” My face twists into a puzzled look and my left eyebrow cocks in response. Her smile makes me want to run up to her and hit her straight in the face. How dare she become cocky with me!

“Luke, he’s still in love with me.” The giggle that escapes her mouth makes me even angrier towards her. I’m not having this girl who ruined Luke’s life threaten me with her lies.

“Oh really? Then why is he seeing me?” After listening to me say these words she tutted so loud I could feel my blood begin to boil.

“He’s not all over you, you don’t know what you’re talking about. He was fucking me last night and the night before.” She says this with such arrogance and certainty; her smile still captures her face. It makes my stomach sick, and the tears were filling up that dam that has become all too familiar recently.

“You’re lying! He was with me after I was attacked.” I could barely hide the quivering sob coming from my mouth.

“What time?”

“About ten until midnight. Sarah, listen, it doesn't bother me if you were having sex with Luke. We are not together.” What she doesn’t know won’t hurt her. I can’t tell her I feel I'm falling in love with him, but what she doesn’t know is that my heart is slowly breaking. How could he? He spoke those beautiful words to me. He’s seen my body. FUCK. He’s seen me bared naked to him. My whole body starts to shake with adrenaline. Adrenaline that wants to fight back at Luke.

“He was with me before he came and got you, and he came back to me at one am. He told me he was going to help a friend out and that he’d be back later.” She smiles a sweet smile out of the corner of her mouth and looks down at her feet like she was remembering something.

“Sarah, he told me you and him were separated. Done, over. Are you telling me you are both still together?”

“We are not together, but we are still fucking.” Again, her giggle irritates me.

“Can you stop calling it that please? Have some respect for yourself, God. Sarah, I’m not interested in what you, or any of his exes, have to say. I am my own person. I’m liable to sleep with whoever I want. Be whoever I want-”

“One sec, Luke's calling me.”

“Hey, Luke, yeah sure, baby.... why not...Like the other night?.. Sure, let’s talk.” She hung up the phone and a sadistic, twisted grin appeared on her face. My stomach churned and I thought I was going to be sick.

“See you later, Ella. Remember what I said.” She starts to laugh and walks away.

“Whatever, Sarah.” I whisper, barely audible. I split in two; my hands hold my nauseous stomach. My head bows and my tears land onto the concrete. I stand slowly, wipe my eyes, and feel sheer anger. I scramble through my jean pocket and ring Luke's number.

“Hello?” His voice is beautiful. I shut my eyes at it; it hurts so much to hear. I just want to see him.

“Fuck you.”

“Ella?” I just held the phone to my ear to listen for the next lot of words, but I jumped down his throat before he’d even gotten the chance.

“Keep screwing your ex, forget me, Luke. Forget this shit.” I slammed the phone shut before I could hear a reply, because I knew I would just fall to his feet if I heard him speak one more time. I straighten up and wipe my eyes. My body becomes immediately anxious and I try to regulate my breathing. I start to walk in the direction of home, trying to forget the shit I just heard. When I reach my house, Luke’s Mercedes is sitting outside. I decide against going indoors and continue to walk down the street I knew all too well. I duck when it came to walking past the house and scatter my way to the other side of the road. I won’t take this shit. I deserve love, not someone who wants to screw around with his leftovers. I can’t help but know I already have some kind of deep feelings for him. It won’t shift or leave me alone. It’s followed me around all day and that’s why it’s hurt me. Why I have wanted to cry. I barely know him so It doesn’t matter if I have feelings or not. He’s nothing to me. I walk up to a house with a beautiful white picket fence, gazing for a little while, remembering. It’s a house, the house where my life stopped living.

“Ella?” I turn to face the lady whose voice saved me once.

“Oh hey, Mrs. Wilson.” She hasn’t changed since the day I met her. Her beautiful blonde hair sits neatly in a messy bun on her head. Her deep brown eyes always made me smile, and I couldn’t help but smile right now. I rub my eyes, conscious of my unbidden tears.

“You okay sweetheart?” She asks, curiosity on her mind.

“Yeah fine, sorry I’m intruding.” I say and turn to leave.

“Not at all, darling. I told you you’re welcome to come around whenever you want. Always.” She smiles so sweetly at me it almost makes me burst into tears. I miss this woman.

“Thanks,” I whisper. I try my hardest to hide my emotions but I can't. There are just too many memories.

“Want a soda?” She asks kindly, sweetly.

I decide to take a chance and see the house one last time. Nothing else could hurt me today.

“Yeah sure, I’ll be fine.”

“Me too.” Her face reminds me of him so much it hurts. I follow her into the beautiful white house. It still has its red shutters and a veranda that surrounds the entire house. It makes me sad to think that I once sat on one of the old armchairs, chatting away with my best friend. We walk inside and it's exactly how I remember. The walls are painted cream with portraits of family members scattered around. She leads me to the kitchen where the table that I used to have regular dinners still sat in its place. It is white pinewood and the chairs match. I couldn't help it; I ran my fingers along the edge. I pull out my usual chair and take a seat.

“I miss this house.” I murmur. “I’m so sorry, I don’t visit much.”

“Ella, it’s fine, darling. I understand.” She hands me a root beer and takes a seat next to me. She places her hand on mine and tilts her head to the side. I look down at my drink and can’t hide how upset I am. ”I’m sorry, Mrs. Wilson, there are too many memories here, but I do miss it so much, even if just to get away.”

“Ella, angel, I told you, you are welcome whenever you like. You were the love of my boy’s life. Don’t you ever forget that!” She wipes her eyes and looks deep into mine. “He loved you, Ella, we all love you, and you lit up our house on a cloudy day-”

“You chased the rain away” I smile at the familiar words created for me with this family.

“How is everyone? Alex, Georgie?” I ask, trying to detour the conversation from sadness.

“They’re fine, Ella. Alexandra has now gone to college to study psychology. Gee is at high school. How are you?” She takes a long drink.

“I’m okay, I wasn’t, but I am now. I promise.” I gave her a reassuring smile and nudged her arm with mine. “I ought to get home. Thanks for the drink, Mrs. Wilson. I’ll see you again soon?” I won't, but a white lie will have to do.

“Sure, honey, there is some stuff we need to sort in Jamie’s room. Some stuff that’s yours, and y’know, magical memories.” Her eyes are so sad, so deeply wounded.

“Sure, I’ll come round when I can.” As I slowly shut the front door to the house with my childhood memories, I lean against it, break down, and sob to myself.



******



I walk into my house a broken girl. My feelings had been pulled apart at the seams by three different people in just a few hours. I can’t cope with any more distress, any more hurt. I just want to be alone. I drop my keys into the key bowl, and walk into the living room. I knew Luke was still here because his car was outside. As I walked in, he jumped to his feet and weirded me out.

“Luke’s here to see you again.” My mom’s voice made me feel safe, her words would always save me.

“He has no reason to be here.” I don't look in his eyes. I can’t. I’m sure the whole room could see the distress on my face, the sadness and weakness.

“Ella, I need to talk to you. Can we please go talk?” I shrug and turn to walk in the direction of my bedroom. I run up the two flights of stairs so that he didn’t get a chance to check me out. I go into my bedroom, continue through to my bathroom, and lock the door. My back slides down the wooden white door and I softly weep into my hands. I hear him walk in and I hold my breath, gather my strength, and stand to my feet.

Be brave Ella. “Won’t be but a second, Luke.”

“Okay.” His voice, as always, makes my body shudder in response. My hands are now on either side of my sink and I raise my head to look at my face.

Miserable. Alone. Stressed. Depressed. Anxious. Nauseous. In love.

No, I’m not in love! I correct myself. I wipe the excess eyeliner from under my eyes and pull out my ponytail carefully, so as not to hurt myself. My hair falls gently around my shoulders so I ruffle it up a bit. I want to look hot but I know it will be just a wasted effort. I unlock the door, walk over slowly to my bed, and sit next to Luke - careful not to touch him. The electricity was back, pulling me back to him, as if he has some ruling power over me.

“Ella, what’s happened? Why did you bail on me at school today? We were going to have a date tonight, I organized it.” The hurt in his voice makes me feel so much guilt. If I'd gone with him, I wouldn’t have seen Sarah.

“You made fun of me.” I shrug.

“I was proving a point, Ella, to those jerks I call friends.”

“I know, I realized that after, but I felt embarrassed, I wasn’t up for PDA.”

“PDA?” His eyes lock with mine and I look down at my weaving fingers.

“Yeah, PDA, y’know, public displays of affection?” I can’t help but smile.

“Oh, I wasn’t really going to, well, I did plan on kissing you. Ella, what you said on the phone, what did you mean? What have I done wrong? If that was what it was, the whole name teasing, I wasn’t serious.” He plays with his car keys, toying with them through his fingers.

“No, I know.” I sigh with the knowledge of what I was told earlier that has made me break.

“I saw Sarah today." He turns to look at me. "She was horrible, Luke. Also, she told me some stuff about you and her. She told me you and her were still having sex. She told me that you were having sex last night-” my bottom lip starts quivering with the realization that this could be true. “When you came and got me from the lake.” I put my head in my hands. Don’t let him see you cry.

“Ella, that’s all lies.” His voice is comforting and warm. He puts his hand on my back. I lift my head to meet his and stand up. “Erm, really? You think I’m an idiot, Luke? She knew intimate details and you phoned her while she was talking to me.”

“I haven’t spoken to Sarah since we broke up last year.” He says, deadpanned.

“Luke, I don’t want to be mind-fucked. I don’t want all of this drama. We have only known each other really since Friday. It's now Monday. This is crazy.” My voice is close to a whisper.

“I’m sorry I have so much baggage, Ella.” He looks down to the floor and again raises his head to meet my gaze.

“You don’t have baggage, Luke, we have known each other a few minutes. We need to start again. Hi, Luke, my name is Ella; Let’s go to dinner? I’ll pay?” I watch him study me as I stumble around my room trying to find my piggy bank.

“Ella, you are not paying for dinner on our first date.” He walks over to me, my back to his front, and I freeze. His hot breath teases my neck; it makes a shiver run the length of my spine.

“Right now, Ella, all I’m interested in is knowing you, and getting to know the girl who I haven’t stopped thinking about all day, Sarah is wrong. I haven’t seen her in a long time. She is only interested in getting me back. She stalks me.”

“Luke, prove to me you want me.” He kisses the back of my neck and his fingers gently tease my skin at the bottom of my spine. I needed to see what I meant to him. What he wanted from me. I turn slowly to see him look down at me. His fingers slightly graze the side of my cheek and he tilts his head to mine. As he kisses me gently, my whole body surrenders to him. His lips caress mine, marking me, wanting me. We lose ourselves, our tongues locking and twisting, dancing with each other. He bites my bottom lip and I let out a groan that I’ve heard before. My desire for this man is unbelievable. I return the favor and play with his lip. He pushes me hard against the wall, with his mouth on my neck, across my chest, and back up to my lips. We eat at each other, groaning with sexual desire and need; the lust for each other is incredible.

I feel it.





 Five





“This is bad.” I whisper against his lips.

“Then why does it feel good?” He smiles, keeping his mouth close to mine.

“Let’s go out, Luke, before we make this worse and end up somewhere where I just can’t be yet.” I smile. He tucks a loose strand of hair behind my ear and smiles softly at me.

“Where do you wanna go?” He asks and gives me a small wink.

“I don’t know, I don’t go out much. I’ve never been bowling, haven’t even seen a movie recently. I’ve missed out on a lot.” His hands still cup my face and he plants a sweet, gentle kiss on the corner of my mouth.

“I was hoping you would say that. I’ll teach you what it means to live.” He whispers before gently grabbing my hand and weaving his fingers between mine.



******



He holds the door open for me as we enter the coolest diner I have ever been to. With typical American decor, the walls are covered in Hollywood legends and the booths are a light blue with 1950’s dining tables in front of them. It feels homey and sweet. I feel anxious but I push it to the back of my mind and concentrate on the now. This is a real first date with a real person who wants to know me. Wow. The waitress greets us and we follow her to a cozy booth for two.

“My names Hillary guys, so if you need me please shout.” She smiles an all-American smile and wanders off.

Luke places his hand over mine and just holds it. I immediately feel nervous as hell. My mind wanders into thinking about what we could become. I want to be his best friend, his family, his life. I want to be with him, create love with him, follow his guidance, and let him fall in love with me. All I want again is to feel love, to feel its meaning, its purpose in our lives. I want to find all those things with him and feel all those things with him. But she’s still there, niggling in the back of my mind. Telling me that they ‘fucked’ before he kissed me and made me fall for him. It made me feel physically sick to think of it in that way. I push that thought out of my head.

I am on a date with Luke. One of the most sought after boys in school. I smiled at my thoughts and looked down at my hands. He still has his hand on mine as we look through the diner menu. I immediately feel relaxed. We are finally going to be able to talk. Just for the sheer hell of it. I want to become best friends with him, I want him to be the only person in my life that I can rely on, that will always catch me when I fall.



“What are you thinking?” He asks and tilted his head to the side. He looks adorable and ridiculously sexy. As always.

“Um.... Just how lucky I feel to be here right now. Luke, there are many things we need to talk about. I mean, I haven’t had an easy couple of years - as I’m sure you are well aware of, but I don’t want to burden you, or drive you away. You know a lot about me already and I’m sure that must scare you. It scares me.” He shakes his head and his eyes look deep into mine.

“Ella, honestly, you seem to be okay to me right now, and in this moment, that’s all I care about. I want to help you. We need to build on this relationship, I'm going to learn your flaws, and you’re going to learn mine. That's just the way it works.” His thumb strokes along my knuckles, such a welcome gesture that makes me feel secure.

“But I’m so high maintenance right now, I don’t even know what I’m doing half of the time.” I protest.

“That’s fine, Ella. I want you-” We’re interrupted by a waitress coming for our order.

“Mind if I order for you?” Luke says, smiling.

“No, that’s fine, go for it.” I wink at him.

“Can we get a starter of nachos to share please, then for mains – 2 two cheeseburgers with sweet potato fries and 2 two thick vanilla shakes.”

“Yeah, sure guys, anything else?” She beams at us.

“No, that’s fine, Hillary, thank you.” Ooh, first name basis. He smiles at her and I swear that I see her knees give way beneath her. Hands off missy. I give her a stare and squint my eyes as I watch her beautifully shaped body walk away.

“Ella, stop it.” Luke starts to laugh hard.

“What?” I shrug and give him a smile.

“Who knew you were a green eyed beauty, huh?” He asks with a smile that makes me melt inside and outside. I just want to kiss his beautifully shaped mouth. I bite down on my lip and watch him smile at me.

“What?” He asks as he stops my hand from fiddling with a napkin.

“Nothing.” I murmur.

“No, tell me, Ella.” He orders and the words come from my mouth before I could stop them.

“I was just thinking that you are sexy.” I shrug and he pulls my chin so my lip comes free from my teeth.

He and I both laugh with such a beautiful demeanor and it feels so perfect. “Oh, and as you ordered for me - it sounds mouth-watering, but if my burger has tomato on it I’m throwing it at you. Tomato is the devil, it’s disgusting.” I pull a sour face and he laughs at me. Our milkshakes arrive and they are to die for. The creaminess and texture is just beautiful.

“Luke, these are amazing.” I let out an appreciative groan as I suck on my straw.

“Where did you find this place?”

“It’s family run, I come here with the guys sometimes and my family. It’s one of my favorite places.”

Our nachos arrive and we chat and laugh throughout dinner. He tells me secrets about some of the boys at school who have always claimed they are masters of sex when secretly they have no idea. He tells me about his life ambitions and his already building business with his father. He tells me about how he wants to find love with someone who will feel the same feelings and opinions as him. Someone that wants to be romantic and feel love with him. Throughout this part of the conversation my cheeks are flushed with a pinky glow and I’m sure he notices. I’m so embarrassing. We talk about family, friends, and each other. I feel a connection with Luke, like I’ve known him my whole life, not four days. Just as we order dessert, Luke's phone rings. He excuses himself and goes outside. I sit and think about love and how it could happen to me, and why no demons have harassed my head about it today. Maybe it’s just meant to be. As my thoughts wandered, my phone buzzes. A text from a number I didn’t know.

*U R so stupid, he is clearly on the phone 2 me. *

There is only one person who that could be from, so where the fuck is she? She is here somewhere. She has to be. She's watching us. I started to look around to see if I could see anything, but my seat was in a really awkward place to see anyone else. I lean over and looked towards the front door but there was nothing. I started playing with my napkin again. I don’t know what it is about her that scares me, but it does. It terrifies me. As my anxiety comes rushing back, my phone buzzes again.

*It’s all about me, Ella. Not u so just go away and let us love each other*

All of a sudden, I feel anger. I wanted to get to her and explain that I wasn’t scared of her. He was on a date with me, not her, so I need to ask why. I don’t want this. I need to run, get home. But at the same time, I don’t want to leave Luke here with that crazy stupid ex of his. No, fuck this; I’m going to stay. She isn’t going to scare me away.

Not again. I grab my bag from the seat next to me and get $50 out of my purse. I guess I am paying for dinner. I had no idea what the check came to but it’s all the money I have until my next job comes along. I run to the door and I can see Luke laughing and joking through the glass. I turn to a waitress.

“Hi, I was sitting at the table over there, I have left some money, and we don’t need our desserts now, thank you though.” She looked at me puzzled. “Sorry, miss, but weren't you with Luke? I'll put your desserts in a take-away box.”

“Yes, and okay, if it isn't a problem?” I answer, distracted.

“You don’t need to pay, honey.” She smiles at me.

“Oh, why not?” I look at her puzzled.

“This is Luke’s parents’ restaurant, go get your money sweetie.” I walk back over to the table and pick up the $50 I had just chucked on it. It’s his families’ restaurant? Why the secret? I go to open the door and waved goodbye to the very informative waitress. As she hands me our desserts, I slip her $10 and she winks at me as I leave.

Luke’s still talking when I go over to join him. His back is facing me. He steps forward, away from me, and I step back. If he doesn’t want me listening then maybe I shouldn’t. I lean my back against the red brick wall and prop my right leg up against it. He turns and sees me, smiling a sweet shy smile that makes my knees weak. He wraps up his call quickly and walks over to me. I can’t help but watch his body. It really is defined.

“Finish dessert without me?” He asks with his head tilted to one side like an inquisitive little puppy dog.

“No.” I say quietly holding up the bag and I roll my eyes. He smiles softly at me and mouths 'Yum.'

“Um, Sarah texted me.” His eyes open wide and he looks at me with a frown upon his face.

“How?” He asks. “I mean, she shouldn’t even have your number, Ella.”

“I don’t know. See?” I show him my phone and his mouth turns into a frown again.

“Are you sure this is Sarah?” He asks.

Well, no not really.

“No, but she is the only person who I have seen today and who has threatened me in the same sort of wording. Who else could it be?” He looks around puzzled and shrugs it off.

“Whatever, let them believe whatever they want, I’m with you aren’t I?” He looks at me with a possessive and shy gaze.

“Come here.” He whispers and pulls me into an unexpected embrace. I breathe him in as his arms snake around me, his head resting onto my shoulder. He smells beautiful, like body wash and fresh clothes. He pulls away slightly but keeps his arms firmly locked around me. He lifts my chin to meet his soft green eyes. He puts his lips against mine and electricity explodes throughout my veins. We kiss, our tongues exploring inside each other’s mouths. He breaks off, pushes my hair aside, and kisses my neck, I can’t help but giggle. I try to get free but he pulls away and laughs.

“Ticklish?” He asks, seduction caressing his tone.

“Maybe.” I whisper.

“Shall we test my theory?” He smiles and reaches for me, his hands looking to invade my body.

“No, please don't!” I scream and laugh. I put my hands out in front of me to try to stop him. Of course it’s hopeless, he is all muscle. It starts a chase and we end up running around the front of the restaurant, him trying to catch me. He catches me, but instead of my expectant tickles, he lets my giggles subside and puts his hands on my waist, looking deep into my eyes, his knuckles grazing my cheek. It suddenly turns very serious. He pulls me close and kisses me again, deeply and passionately, like he's desperate for me. I moan as if I have a dosage of butterflies erupt in my body, taking over me.

“We should go to our first date, part two.” He mutters between kisses.

“There’s a part two?” I ask curiously.

“Yes, Ella, are you ready?” He asks, studying my face.

“As I’ll ever be.” I beam at him. He looks at me and he won’t let go as I try to break away.

“What?” I ask smiling.

“Oh, Ella, you look so beautiful right now.” He puts a lock of hair back in place behind my ear and kisses me sweetly.

“Where are we going?” I ask. As we walk, our fingers are weaved and his thumb strokes backward and forwards over mine, it makes me feel safe with him.

“That would be telling.” He looks down, winks at me, and I feel a blush sweep my face. I look up at him and gaze. His beauty is just overwhelming. His brown hair flops against his forehead almost touching his eyes. He is wearing a checked red shirt that is tucked into dark denim jeans and his outfit is finished with some black converse. They look brand new. Unlike mine, which are at least 5 five years old. We arrive at a car I don’t recognize and I recover from my daydream. Where is the Mercedes? He walks around with me to the passenger door.

“This is your car?” I ask puzzled. “It’s different to the other one.”

“Well spotted, Ella.” He laughs. Oh yeah that’s it, make fun of me. He notices my blanched look and frowns.

“You are frustrating, lady.” He smiles. It’s a sports car, I know that at least. It’s blue and has two white stripes that run from the trunk to the hood. It’s beautiful, I’m instantly jealous.

“This is my other car. I have three.” He coughs and looks at me, looking for some kind of answer.

“Wow, that’s quite an amount for an 18 year old.” I joke. He smiles at me and his knuckles stroke my cheek.

“It’s a Dodge Viper SRT10 convertible.” He mumbles.

“Your family must be very rich.” He shrugs and opens the door for me. Whoa. It’s so low and comfortable! The seats feel like they should be in a racecar. I wonder if that’s what this thing is. Either way, it’s absolutely outstanding compared to my little Mustang. Its interior is leather and matches the color of the outside. I put on my seatbelt and I sit with my hands in my lap, ready to test the intensity of this very expensive car.

“Did you pay for this car?” I ask Luke as he buckles his seatbelt.

“Yes.” He replies.

How the hell?

“How?” I ask, curious.

“It was half given to me; I personally paid $45,000 for the car. My dad paid the other $45,000.”

He puts the key in the ignition and the car roars to life. It sounds so sexy and seductive. I have to remind myself that it’s just a car. I pinch myself in case I’m dreaming and Luke doesn’t have this kind of money, or car, or looks! He is too good to be true. I look into the side mirror and see a figure move fast out of view but I ignore it.

“Ready?” He asks with a huge grin on his face.

“As I’ll ever be.” I say, smiling - repeating my words from earlier. He reverses the car swiftly out of the parking spot, puts it into gear, and drives along the road away from uptown Charlotte. We casually sit in silence and I watch out the window at my lovely city. We are driving away from home and I become curious. I wait for about 10 minutes but then I notice a sign saying left for I-85. I look to my right to see what street we are on and it’s West Sugar Creek Road. I know now we are definitely heading for the interstate.

“Luke?” I ask, a question upon my lips.

“Yes, baby?”

Whoa, baby? I instantly smile.

“Where are we going?” I ask.

“Greensboro.” He replies. A shy smile appears on his face and he puts his foot down as we make our entrance onto I-85.





 Six





We pull off I-85 and I admire the view of Greensboro, NC. I have never visited even though I have always lived so close. I pull out my cell from my jean pocket and see it’s 8:15pm. It took us just over an hour to get here. I also have 3 missed calls from my mom. I decide to text her.




*Hi Mom, sorry I didn’t answer. I’m fine, I promise. Don’t wait up. *



I smile as I hit send. Luke moves his hand over and squeezes my knee. It’s welcoming and it causes a new, passionate feeling to uncurl in my stomach. I watch him drive, his hands look so masculine as he turns the steering wheel. Veins run through his arms and his hands, what is it about hands? He has a Cartier watch on. Cartier! His strong shoulders move and each individual muscle increases as it moves. He is so well-looked-after. I watch as he shakes his head to one side to move the hair from his face, as he indicates the car, as he changes gear. Everything is turning me on! What is wrong with me? I shake off the electricity and go back to city gazing. As I’m lost in a daydream, I notice that we are parking. I look dead ahead and see NEWBRIDGE BANK PARK on the side of what looks like a stadium. Too late for a game, isn’t it?

As Luke parks, I watch his hands maneuver the car and I think I’m drooling. He looks at me puzzled, and then smiles. He turns off the ignition after he parks it beautifully, and leaves his hands opposite each other on the wheel. His head is bowed, his eyes shut.

“Ella.” He breathes. “I have never brought a girl here. It’s a baseball park if you were wondering.” He looks up and at me with the smile that always takes my breath away. “My family invested here so I can come and go as I please. I wanted to bring you here, maybe have a walk? Maybe a little game of baseball?” He laughs and I join him. Reaching under his seat, he hands me a black box with a grey bow attached to the top.

“Leave this in the car. Don’t open it until you get home.” He whispers. Why do I have a present? I shake it and it makes a satisfying rattling noise. He leans over to tilt and turn my head away from my mysterious present. He gently kisses me. I let go; my hands work their way to his hair, my teeth biting his lip. A seductive moan comes from him and I smile beneath the kiss.

“This feels too good, Luke, I am so attracted to you.” He smiles and goes instantly shy. I didn't expect that.

“Hard with compliments?” I ask.

“Something like that.” He replies and shrugs. He opens the driver's door to leave and I pull on my handle.

“Leave it.” He warns. I instantly remove my hands and hold them up in protest. I watch as he walks round to the passenger door, opens it, and holds his hand out for me to take. Such a gentleman.

I take it, reluctantly, and he helps me out of the car. He grabs the bag with the desserts in it out of the back and pulls me into an embrace, his face buried in my hair, and breathes me in.

“One second.” He says, lifting his index finger and pulling away from me. He does a little jog back round to the driver’s side and opens the door. He leans in and attaches something to the stereo. A familiar song fills my ears and he walks back round to me, his eyes never leaving mine as he holds out his hand.

“Dance with me.” He whispers.

“What, here?” I look around to see if anyone is watching.

“Yes here, now.” I take his hand and he pulls me into him. My hand finds his shoulder and his is at the base of my spine. Our spare hands linked together. My head is just above his shoulder and he leans down and again, buries his face in my hair.

“You smell beautiful.” He whispers as we slowly dance in the parking lot. I pull him closer. We are lost in a world of our own, dancing in the parking lot. I can’t think of anything else more romantic. He is so perfect. So, how come he wants me? We have come so far in five days. It’s crazy how quickly you can fall for someone. He dances so well. He is moving me and our feet are gently stepping around each other. The song finishes and he kisses me softly on the lips.

After our romantic charade, he leads me into the grounds. There are giant baseballs all around and they look so unique for a stadium. It makes me feel proud.

“What baseball team plays here?” I ask.

“Minor league, Greensboro Grasshoppers, they’re pretty good.”


He walks us into the center of the stadium and it’s so strange being on a field. I have seen hundreds of games, as my father is a huge fan, but I’ve never been on a real field.

“This feels weird.” I mutter as he walks out in front of me.

“Why?”

“I’m so used to being in the stands.” I laugh and he smiles at me.

“It’s cool right.” He gives me a welcoming grin, opens his arms wide, and does a full circle. I forget how young he is. How young we both are. I feel so adult right now.

“So, you’ve never brought a girl out here, I have a present, and you forgot to tell me that your family owns the diner we ate at.” I fold my arms in front of me, tapping my right foot. I pout. He looks at me and giggles.

“You look cute.”

“No I don’t.” I look away and shrug.

“You do.” He laughs.

“No....I don’t!” I yell.

“YOU DO!” He shouts and runs toward me. I instantly start to retreat and run the opposite way. He chases me and catches me within seconds. He picks me up so I am higher than him, his hands just under my behind. He looks up at me and I lean down and kiss him. My hands are on either side of his face and I fall into him. He gently lowers me, our lips not leaving each other’s.

“You are adorable, Ella.” He breathes as he releases me.

“What’s happening, Luke?” I ask.

“I’m falling for you.” He whispers.

“Likewise.” I whisper back. He picks me up and tosses me over his shoulder.

“Luke, what the hell!” I scream but he takes no notice and we both laugh. He slaps my behind and I gasp. “Ow, bully.” I tease.

“Come on, you're putting me off where I want to take you, stop being distractive.” With that, he carries me across the field toward the back of the stadium, with me rubbing my now red ass.

When he puts me down, I’m in a tree-shaded area. Every tree is lit up; each individual branch has a stream of lights defining itself from the center of its life. I look around astounded at the beauty, mesmerized.

“You like it?” He asks, looking for some appreciation.

“Luke, it’s beautiful.” I look at him and he looks smug.

“Is it always like this here?”

“My dad and I went to New York about two years ago. We went at Christmas. One night we decided to go for a walk through Central Park. Now you know Central Park, right? It’s huge.” I nod in agreement. “Well every single tree at Christmas time has twinkling lights all up the branches and down the trunks. I thought it looked beautiful, unique. The amount of manpower that must have gone into that. So, when my dad helped out with this place, I noticed the back and decided to copy New York’s idea. I wanted a safe place, so I made one.” He smiles and looks at me.

We are walking down a path that leads to a small river at the bottom. I sit at the riverbank and he sits next to me. We open up our desserts and pick at them with white plastic forks. Right now, at this exact moment, I am lost. I look down at the water and the lights reflect beautifully on its surface.

“Wow.” I whisper. “Thank you.”

“For what?”

“Being here for me.”

“Ella, I don’t understand.”

“Don’t worry, Luke, you weren’t meant to.” His arm relaxed across my shoulder and we sit gazing, relaxed, and content.

“Tell me something about yourself, Ella. I want to know a secret.” He tenses up after he asks.

“Sure.” I reply and shrug. He immediately relaxes. “What do you want to know?”

“Why have you never tried at school?”

“What do you mean?”

“You never seemed to try, Ella, to fit in I mean.”

“Oh, Luke.” I sigh loudly and shake my head.

“School didn’t accept me, not ever. Jade, my best friend has known me for at least twelve years. She has always been in my life so she didn’t have a choice but to be my friend throughout everything. I have had such a rough couple of years. Problems with my family, with myself, and with other personal stuff.”

“You don’t have to tell me if you don’t want to, Ella.”

“It’s not that, Luke; it’s not that at all. I’ve never openly spoken about my private life. You know more than anyone already, you have um, seen me, y’know.” He laughs.

“Yeah, yeah I have.” He pulls me closer.

“I had someone in my life that loved me more than anything or anyone in his life.”

“Oh, I didn’t know you have had boyfriends before me.”

“Um, not really, Jamie wasn’t my boyfriend.” He looks across at me, puzzled.

“Jamie was my best friend. We played together, we laughed together, and we loved each other. Jay had me in his life and that’s all he needed.” I can feel the tears building up, ready to explode at any given moment. “Um...”

“Ella, you don’t have to tell me.” He whispers and gently kisses my hair.

“Yeah, I do, otherwise you will never understand...Jay had Leukemia in its most violent and intrusive form.” I swallow, trying to find my words. “Um, we met when we were seven. His mom had chats and coffee with my mom and we would play silly games like Superman in the garden. I remember it was sunny the day my mom told me about his condition. I cried for him. I knew what cancer was when I was thirteen. He had it the whole time and I never knew.” I shudder and wipe the tears away from my face. Luke turns to face me and helps me wipe my eyes.

“He um, told me when we were fourteen that he loved me. I was his best friend for life. I was the only person who didn’t judge him for being bald, for being stick thin. We sat in his room for hours reading books to each other. His cough always frightened me because I knew he could go at any moment. I spent hours comforted by him and lying with him in his bed, talking about what we both wanted to do. Jay never kissed me. He’d just lay with me and hold my hand as we’d stare at his bedroom ceiling. His body denied all the chemo, all the medicine. The day the doctor came over and told all of us that he didn't have long, that was when I became distant. I didn’t want to see him. I didn’t want to know. My depression started, literally just as he was leaving us. Every day I got angry. School was a nightmare; nobody even spoke to me or asked me what was wrong. Nobody. Luke, do you know how that feels?” His hands hold either side of my face and he desperately tries to kiss the tears away.

“You’re doing great, Ella, you’re talking to me.” His thumb traces my lower lip and I lean into his hand on my cheek.

“It was December 2004. The 14th. I saw Jay's mom in the street, she ran up to me and slapped me so hard I nearly fell to the ground.” I stroke my cheek at the memory. “She shouted at me and told me I was worthless, that Jay deserved a friend better than me, but she didn’t know, Luke, she didn’t know about the times we sat in his bedroom talking about books and listening to each other. I was speechless in front of her, listening to her wicked words, rubbing them into my mind so I never forgot. I followed her home, and even when she tried to stop me from going into the house, I pushed my way through, and found Jay in his room playing on his Xbox.

He turned and smiled at me and I sat beside him. I told him I was sorry. We sat for hours. I stayed the night on his bedroom floor and woke to a cold wintery December morning. The 15th. He wouldn’t wake up.” My words choke me.

“Ella, stop, I can’t take that.”

“It’s fine, don’t make me stop, I have never spoken about this before.” I whisper and he nods.

“He died that night and I left the house broken, I just ran. I ran for such a long time, Luke. His mom blamed me for everything and that just made it worse. I saw him the night he was going to breathe his last breath, I saw him love me again, and he let me read to him. I read him Dr. Seuss, can you believe that? We used to read Hemingway and Shakespeare, not Dr. Seuss! But he requested it. I ended up at school. I couldn’t mourn for him. I was too angry at myself, at my words. I loved him so much, Luke.” I stop and let myself sob. He holds me and rocks me close to his chest.

“I’m so sorry, Ella.” He whispers and kisses my face.

“It’s not your fault, Luke. It’s nobody's fault.” We sit and I lay with my head in Luke’s lap, him stroking my hair, and I just treasure this moment.

In his arms.

“Ella, Ellllaaaaa, Ellie!” I startle awake, I must have relaxed a bit too much. My head is on Luke's lap, his fingers stroking the side of my face.

“Ellie?” I yawn and sit up.

“While you were asleep I wanted to give you a unique little nickname for me to use and I thought Ellie was best suited.”

“Cute.” I reply, rubbing my head.

“We need to go.” He stands to his feet and I hold my arms up in front of him so he can help me up. I pout when he sighs and he looks delicious. He pulls me to my feet. I wipe down my backside in case any leaves have attached themselves to my jeans. He pulls me close and holds me just for a second.

“Luke.” I whisper.

“Yes?”

“Let’s do this again.” I smile at him.

“Absolutely.” He kisses me gently then grasps my hand and we walk in silence to the car.





 Seven





He drives me home and we sit in silence as he pulls up outside my house, the tension drawing us close together. He leans over and turns my head. I’m holding my present on my lap - being careful not to drop it.

“Do you think you can fall for someone this quick? I mean properly fall for someone, not just a crush?” He asks, his mouth set in a hard line.

“I think you can.” I answer, a shy smile making its way across my lips.

“Kiss me.” He murmurs. I lean over and hover above his mouth, just staring into his eyes waiting for his approval.

“God, Ella.” He pulls me close, hard, my stomach complaining as I lean over the gear stick. This car is so small. I make sure I don't drop my present and move over to straddle him on his lap. He moves the driver’s seat back so we have some room and his hands glide through my hair softly, but still holding me in place. We have little kisses and smile between, neither of us wanting to let go.

“Whoa.” I feel his erection push against his jeans and I smile down at him. “Someone’s happy.” I laugh at him and he pouts. “Don’t pout at me, Mr. James.” I push his lips together and reward them with a big wet kiss. I lean down to his ear, “Luke, I need you to promise me something.”

“At this moment, Ellie, I’d promise you the world.”

Ellie. I do like it.

“I like Ellie.”

“Me too, it suits you. Now, tell me my promise.” He looks at me, his eyes possessed with mine. I lean my forehead against his.

“Please, don’t repeat what I’ve told you tonight to me ever again. I never open up, and talking about Jay, well, it just opens old wounds when my demons are buried. I need to move on. You now know that part of my life, so keep it safe in here for me.” I put my hand against his chest and he nods. I smile at him and fall into his kisses once again.



******




I feel a sudden sadness as I watch Luke drive away. It tugs at me and it feels so strange. Wow, what the hell just happened to me? Eighteen years old, falling in love. Yes, Ella, it has to be love. When he has driven out of sight, I open the front door to my house and gently shut it behind me. I lock it and tiptoe up the stairs to my bedroom. As soon as I flop on the bed, I have a knock at the door.

“Come in.” I whisper. My dad pokes his head around the door, I sit up instantly afraid he might be angry with me.

“You okay, Els?” He asks.

“Yes, Daddy, come in.” I pat the space on the bed next to me and he takes a seat graciously.

“I waited up.” He says through a yawn.

“I told mom not to wait up, I was on a date.” He looks at me and softly smiles.

“Oh, Els, are you happy?”

“Yes, Daddy. Does love happen quickly?”

“Yes.” He says with no hesitation.

“Your mom and me, we fell in love instantly. Our eyes gazing across the bar at each other. She just broke down all my guards.” He shrugs, remembering the fond memory. “I asked her on a date, she said yes. It was perfect.”

“Daddy, I think I might be falling for Luke.” I look at his puzzled expression and laugh. “His name is Luke James. His family is very wealthy. Not that money matters to me. His father owns restaurants, baseball grounds, and Dodge Vipers. It’s quite overwhelming.” I sigh.

“I’m sure it is, angel. I know of his dad, we used to work together. Still do really. I work for a company he owns.”

“Really? I didn’t know that. You work with cars right?”

“Oh, Els, it’s lovely to know you have such a keen interest in me. Night, baby.” He kisses my forehead and stands to leave.

“Goodnight, Daddy.” I give him a smile and he closes my door slowly. When it’s shut, I pick up my present from my bedside table. I take a deep breath and open it.

Inside the gift box is a second box with ‘Chanel’ on the front. Whoa, Chanel, fancy. I open the box slowly, and inside, perfectly circled, is a bracelet. It looks silver. It’s a linked chain with a love heart as the clasp. My tears fall down my cheeks as I try it on. Inside is a note.



I know this is new, I know this is crazy. But, Ella, you have captivated me. Let me show you what it means to be with me.

Luke.



I smile ridiculously at the note and hold it for what feels like hours. I put the bracelet back in its box and put it in my bedside drawer. I fall asleep, dreaming of fast cars, glittering trees, and soft kisses.





*****

I awake to the sun shining through my drapes, a warm glow warming my heart. As soon as I wake, my cell buzzes.

*Morning, Ellie, Need a ride? *

I smile reading my nickname, but today I want to drive, I miss my car. I reply instantly.

*Morning LUKEY. Sorry I’d like to drive. Miss my car. See you in Math? E x *

His reply is instant, like he was waiting for my reply. It warms my heart.


*You hurt me miss! Lukey, I like it. See you then baby. X *



Baby. I sit up in bed and hold my pillow. I smile and it won’t leave my face. I'm dazed by my bracelet, it really is so beautiful and I haven't really done anything to deserve it. I really hope he doesn’t think I need buying, because I don’t. I frown at my thoughts and mumble into my pillow.

Thinking about it, his guard is up. I raise my head quickly, and tilt my head to the side. Yes, of course. He has issues too. He wouldn’t answer me about the compliment he refused to agree with. I really must stop being selfish and let him in too. This could be why he needed someone to talk to without being judged. I mentally note it and decide that I will talk to him eventually.

I do, on the other hand, feel relieved to have told him about Jamie. It’s something I don’t ever have to repeat.

God, I hope he doesn’t feel sorry for me. I groan again at my wayward thoughts. My cell phone vibrates beside me, interrupting my reverie.

“Hello?”

“Hey, sexy girl!” Jade’s voice instantly causes a grin to appear on my face, distracting me.

“Hey, Jadey, what’s up?”

“Nothing, I just miss you, and you bailed on me the other day.” She doesn’t have to know it may have been the best thing I ever did.

“Yeah, Jade, I'm sorry about that. What time is it?”

“Almost 8, you ready for school yet?”

“No.” I tut down at her through the phone. “I’m still in bed, thanks.” I can feel her smile.

“Well I think you should make an effort today, beautiful. Straighten your hair, bit of mascara, and get your boobies out!”

“Jade!” I scold but still laughing hard with each other on the phone. This is why I love this girl.

“Jade,” I sigh, “I need to talk to you. About Luke.”

“Yeah, I heard about that, Dylan was talking to the guys about it yesterday. Ella, Luke isn’t all he says he is.” She sighs.

“What am I going to do?”

“Els, you just be yourself, baby girl. I’ll see you later, you got a lift?”

“I’m driving myself today.” I sigh.

“Okay, babe, I’ll see you at lunch, text me if you can, I miss you.”

“Miss you too, love you, Jade.”

“You too. Bye.”

As I close my phone, I feel liberated and happy. I jump up and dig through my closet for my best bra and panties. No more mixing and matching if I have a boyfriend. Is he my boyfriend? I giggle to myself as I slide my underwear on. I pad barefoot toward my floor length mirror and stop to look at myself. I feel contentment radiate my body. I look, well, hot. I smile and continue my hunt for clothing. I find a fitted black tank top and a pair of blue faded jeans. Sorry Jade, but this is me. I don’t straighten my hair. Instead, I let it fall over my shoulders naturally. I put on some mascara and check myself again in the mirror. I snap a picture of myself and send it to Jade and Luke.



*Does my butt look big in this? *



He doesn’t know about my lack of caring for myself, but Jade does. So her answer matters a lot more to me. Jade replies, almost instantly.



*Meow!! *



Her response makes me smile a warm, happy smile. I hop on one leg, trying to get my converse on. A few minutes later I feel my phone vibrate again. I read the name and smile.

*Beautiful. *

Just that one word causes my now well-known butterflies to escape and flutter in my tummy. I hold my midriff and grin. I walk over to my bedside cabinet, switch on my stereo, which plays a dance beat, and open the drawer. I pick up the box and put on the bracelet. I shake my wrist and the sun catches the metal and stuns my eyes. I find myself laughing. I trace the outline of the bracelet with my index finger and let out a sigh. It really is so beautiful. I’m ready. I really, really must repay Luke back somehow for his gift. Sex. I shove off the idea instantly. I am not a whore.

I check the time - I have twenty-five minutes before I need to be in school. I grab my jacket and bag from the end of my bed, shrug on my jacket, and make my way downstairs. I run into the kitchen and my mom is standing at the sink. I smile at her, briefly examining her. Her beautiful, wavy, chocolate hair falls so far down her back. She always looks like an angel. I grab some toast and shove it in my mouth, still trying to get my hand in my jacket sleeve. She turns and smiles at me.

“Hey, baby.” She whispers.

“Hey, Mom, sorry I’m going to be late. I’ll talk to you later, okay?” I mutter through toast. She smiles and waves goodbye. I do love that woman. I run down the hallway, struggling to hold the toast in my mouth, get my jacket on, and find my keys. I open the door and slam it behind me.

I drive into town to find a clothes store. I spot one and park my ridiculously long, beautiful car. I wander into the shop. It takes me around five minutes to find what I need. I pay for it and put it into my trunk. I drive to school with the biggest smile on my face. I really hope he likes this.

When I arrive at school, things just feel, well - different. I park my car, grab my bag off of the back seat, and get Luke's present out of my trunk. I put it in my bag carefully so that I don’t ruin it. I put in my headphones, and while walking, find myself looking around the parking lot for Luke’s car.


I approach the entrance and look back. Everything looks clearer today. Everything looks beautiful. The trees swaying in the wind look beautiful, the dark grey sky above me looks beautiful. I smile and turn to walk into a familiar figure. I look up and smile. Pulling my headphones out, he pulls me to him and his arms hold my waist.

“Hi.” I whisper. He pulls my hair away from my face and kisses me just below my earlobe. I giggle and struggle; I can feel his smile against my skin. Suddenly he pulls me so that we are running around towards the side of the school. We walk over the rubble, down a small gap, and he pushes me up against the wall.

“Luke, what the hell -” I laugh loudly as he pulls back looking me up and down. He looks good today in a fitted white t-shirt and dark denim jeans.

“This is very revealing.” He whispers, his tone soft and seductive. His index finger outlines the neckline of my shirt, gently skimming the top of my breasts. I breathe out, not realizing I was holding it in. He moves forward so his body is pressed against mine, our noses are touching.

“You look hot.” I whisper quickly and then look away, embarrassed. He pulls my chin back towards him so that our noses are again touching.

“As do you, Ellie, beautiful.” He kisses me softly, no tongue, and pulls back.

“Thank you for my bracelet.” I grin and raise my arm to show him. He puts his hand around my wrist and traces the bracelet, just as I was earlier. He leans down and kisses it gently. He looks up at me, with sorrow in his eyes.

“I wanted to help, y’know, with the scars.” His voice reduced to a whisper, his index finger gently skimming over the faint white lines on the inside of my arm. Now I understand why.

“Luke, don’t be stupid. I know they are there.”

“I know.” he sighs. “But, maybe now you will be reminded of me and not of those bad memories.” I smile at him, put my arms around his neck, and pull him toward me. His beautiful smell capturing my senses once again.

“It’s such a lovely gesture.” I look up at him and reach for my bag.

“And, I got you something too.” I look down at my feet.

“Really?” He asks, his tone now an excited one.

“Um…yeah.” I search my bag and hand him his gift. “You asked for a new one.” I say, smiling downwardly as he opens up the white t-shirt.

“I wasn’t being serious y’know, when I said you owe me a new one.” He grins. I look up and catch his gaze. He pulls my chin and lightly grazes my lips with his.

“Thank you, Ellie. Let’s try this on then shall we?” He drops his bag to the ground, and pulls the hem of his t-shirt over his head. Wow. I examine him. My muscle man. I pull my eyes away and look down, fumbling with my hands.

“You can look.” He says as he pulls on the t-shirt. It fits him perfectly and I can’t believe he is going to wear it today.

“You don’t have to wear it now.” I blush.

“You bought this for me, I have to return the favor.” He gestures toward my wrist and lifts my hand to his lips.

“We are going to be late.” He whispers against my hand.

We walk together, hand in hand, and I wouldn’t change this full stomach, happy feeling for anything in the world.

At lunch, I grab my usual sandwich and find a seat to gaze from. The lessons have gone so quickly this morning. My thoughts have been filled with a man desperate for me, who looks at me with such a beauty, like I’m all he ever wanted. It feels good to be ‘wanted’, it’s a strange feeling.

I don’t know why, but when I spot Luke, I duck to hide, disrupting my reverie. I jump up and stand behind a pillar in the cafeteria. He’s with Jenna, she’s holding his arm and he's looking down and smiling with her. I turn away, nervous that he might see me, but think twice about it. My subconscious makes me turn back to look. Just as I turn, he leans down and kisses her cheek. She turns and they lock mouths.

No, no, no.

The worst part is, is that Luke responds. It might just be for a second, but he kissed her back. The feeling of fear, adrenaline, and hurt floods my body and I think I’m going to collapse. Luke pulls away from Jenna, and holds her at arms-length. She looks angry but I can’t concentrate with these tears falling down my cheeks. Is this betrayal? Is this it? One week of us? Of nearly falling head-over-heels? With those thoughts running through my mind, I watch Luke pull Jenna into an embrace. What is happening?

“Ella, you okay?” Jades voice immediately relaxes me. I pull her into my arms and just cry into her shoulder. “Hey, Ella, babe what’s wrong? Come on, tell me?”

“You were right.” I mutter through tears. “He doesn’t want me, he never did, you were right, Jade.”

“Come on then lets go.” Jade grabs my hand and we leave school. She drives my car to town and we go for coffee.





 Eight





I sit in the café, my coffee cup attached to my hand and my eyes transfixed on a painting of a bridge in Italy, or somewhere. My emotions are well and truly scattered. What do I do? Question it? Do I get angry? Was I just a problem that got out of hand? Was he just too scared to say no to me? I knew this was too quick. I’ve lost it all before it could even really begin. He doesn’t want me and that’s what’s hurting me. Am I overreacting? I have to be. Thinking deeply though, he hasn’t really introduced me to anyone. He hasn’t kissed me in public. That was my fault. He said he was going to.

“Ella, you’re day dreaming, sweetie.” Jade smiles at me. “You really should try to ignore it, I know it’s going to be hard. But it’s only been a week, Ella.” I look at her, my face ashen.

“I know, Jade, but in that week my life has changed. It’s different. He’s been helping me. I opened up to him y’know? Now look what I fucking get. A broken heart.”

“Is your heart broken, Ella, really?”

“Yes.”

“Why? Do you love him?”

“I think I do, I haven’t said that I love him. We have only had one date but we have kissed so much and been caring with each other. We have even exchanged gifts.” I laugh and Jade grabs my hand.

“Els, you do what you feel is right. Ignore me; I have no idea what you two have been up to. Have you slept with him?”

“God, no!” I look at her shocked.

“Just checking.” She winks at me and her radiant smile makes me feel much more settled. “I can’t tell you what to do, Ella, but you are a sister to me and I don’t want to see you hurt again.”

“I know.” I mutter.

We finish our coffees and pack up to go home. I have a look at my cell, there’ a missed call and two text messages.


*Hey, Ellie. Missed you today. Are you free tonight? Xxx*

*We need to talk.*

The first one was sent ten minutes before the second one. What the hell? Damn right we need to talk Mr. James.



I reply.



*Okay. *

Blunt and powerful.

I put my cell back into my bag and I drive Jade home. I pull up outside her house, turn off my ignition, and breathe in.

“I love you, Ella, okay? You know that, right? I’m always here for you.”

“I know, Jade.” I turn and smile at her.

We sit side by side in my car and then the rain starts. Shit. I’ll have to leave my car here.

“Jade, can I borrow your garage please? I can’t drive this home in the rain and I can walk a few blocks.”

“Sure, Ella, I’ll open the garage for you.” She knows why I can’t drive it in the rain. It doesn’t have a roof.

I grab my bag from the back seat and give Jade a brief hug. I just want to get home.

It’s at least ten blocks from Jades house to mine. I stop to think, just for a second. What the hell has happened today? I can feel the emotion build again and tears are begging for escape, making my body heave. They blend in to the raindrops that have soaked my body through. I hold onto my stomach and let out a cry.

It feels like it’s going to fall away. With bended knees and my face in my hands, I break all my love. I break it all off. I don’t need him. I don’t fucking need him. Before I know it, I’m running. I reach a crossing and stop to breathe and steady my heart. A car is approaching and I stop to let it pass. The driver doesn’t continue, so I start to cross.

“Ellie, get in the car!” Luke yells. I turn to face him as he walks toward me.

“No!” I shout and continue across the road. He grabs my arm and I yank it out of his reach.

“What, Luke? What do you want?” He grabs me and pulls me against him, his body flush with mine, he kisses me with such urgency, a panic, and I give up fighting and fall against him. I pull away and catch my breath. My hands are in my hair, trying to understand but the tears just come.

“Why, Luke? Why? Why did you let her kiss you?”

“Ella, how do you...?”

“I saw, Luke, today at school. I was there. I saw you and her.” I snarl. He pulls me against him and I pull away, hard.

“I told her no.”

“Luke, I saw you, do you understand what I’m saying? I saw! You kissed each other. I saw, Luke, I saw it all.” I look down at the flooded pavement and shake my head. “Don’t lie to me.”

“It wasn’t like that, Ella. You’re being irrational.”

“I’m being irrational? Are you being serious? You kissed your ex, in a moment of intense lust. Then you held her! In the school cafeteria.” My voice lightens. “I can’t do this.” I raise my hands in defeat and he looks hurt. I scream into my hands and sob. It hurts. I can’t stop it, it just hurts so much. How can he do that?

“Ella, she came onto me.”

“I saw, Luke! You kissed her cheek and then you kissed. Your eyes were shut, Luke, you responded. You kissed her back, even if only for a second. You and your ex-girlfriend shared a moment of passion.”

“Get in the fucking car, Ellie.”

“NO!”

“Fine then, I'll put you in myself.”

“Don’t touch me, Luke.”

“Ella, it’s fucking raining. Do you want to get hurt? I’m not letting you walk home in this.” I stop and stare at him. My breathing is heavy and I look at him in all his beauty. The white t-shirt I bought him is clung to his muscles, his abdomen and V clearly defined by the rain. From nowhere I extend my arms and look to the sky. I let everything fall away. This is it. I’ll always be lonely. When I look back, Luke is analyzing me. I walk up to him and kiss him. His arms curl around my waist and he kisses me back. His tongue fights with mine and I let go and run. He shouts after me but I can’t do this.

I only get what feels like a few steps away before Luke is behind me. He grabs me by my shoulders and I look up into his deep green eyes. His body soaked through with the rain, he looks longingly into my eyes.

“Ella, please don’t say goodbye.” I look away and his words cause my emotions to overload. His face is etched with worry, with regret. Our chests rise and fall fast in the cold and the rain.

“We were doomed from day one, Luke. We said it couldn't, it wouldn’t work. We said that.” I whisper.

“I don’t love Jenna, I don’t care for her. It was a moment of un-clarity. A moment of stupidity. A moment I wish I could take back. Ella, please, let me kiss you.” He holds my face and kisses my forehead, moving little kisses through the raindrops on my face, down to my cheeks and my nose. When his lips find mine, the connection, the electricity that binds us together tightens, we fall deeply into an embrace, and I can’t help but cry. He pulls away softly and our foreheads lean against each other in the heavy, grey rain.

“Let me take you home, Ella.”

“No.”

“Ella, please -”

“I want to see your house.” He looks at me surprised but nods in agreement.

As I tighten my seatbelt in the car, the warmth from the heater warms my blood that is running cold. I breathe out and turn to look at Luke. He really is soaked. A loud ring comes from the car speakers and startles me.

“Hello.”

“Luke, it’s Dylan.”

“Hey man I'm in the car and I’m not alone, it’s on speakerphone.”

“No problem, dude. Just thought you should know, Jenna is telling everyone you two are back together.” I look across at him and turn away when his eyes meet mine. I look down at my fingers.

“Man, as I keep telling everyone, I’m not with Jenna, I’m with Ella.”

“Oh shit, yeah I know. How is that by the way? Good old Ella Smella.”

“She’s in the car Dy. You aren’t going to be friends calling her names.”

“Sorry, Ella!” he shouts.

“That’s okay.” I whisper back.

“Dylan, Jenna isn’t my problem anymore. We said goodbye today. Anyway, man. I’ll talk to you later. I’ve got a girl to deal with.”

“Sure, man, see ya later.” He hits the off button.

“I’ll always be Ella Smella won’t I?” I whisper.

“Not to me, you never were to me.” He looks across at me and smiles.

“You aren’t forgiven, just so you know.” A small smile appears on his lips and he turns on the radio.

We drive into uptown Charlotte and enter a garage attached to a very expensive looking building. On the side in big silver letters is The Madison. Whoa. When Luke parks, he switches off the ignition and we sit in silence for a second.

“Ella, I live here alone.” I look at him puzzled and he laughs. “It’s one of my 18th birthday presents. I have a penthouse at this place.” I look at him stunned. I wanted to meet his parents. He comes round to open my door and grabs my hand as we walk to an elevator. When it arrives, we step in and he inputs a code. I see what it is. 234569. When it stops at the top, Luke puts his arm around my waist and escorts me in. I walk in to a large foyer that opens up onto the dining room. It’s beautiful. With a full skyline of Charlotte, there is a terraced area outside, all glass and magical. I feel like a little child in a fun house. He gives me a quick tour of the basics and we go to sit down in the sitting area. There is a large white corner couch and a huge TV attached to the wall opposite. There is an Xbox, which surprises me. I go to pick up a controller and he tilts his head to the side.

“You any good?” He asks.

“Depends what game.” I tease. “But I’d much rather watch meaningless TV and kiss you.” I shrug.

“Does this mean I’m forgiven?”

“Far from it, baby.” I whisper. “What do I mean to you? Am I yours? Or can I go kiss anyone I please?”

“Ella, I want you, okay? Just you.” I walk over to him and raise my head to meet his beautiful eyes.

“Stop kissing your ex’s then and we should be fine. This is a word of warning, Luke, okay? I’m protecting myself. If you ever, ever hurt me like that again, I won’t come back okay?” He looks down at me, his eyes filled with wonder, and nods. I lean up and gently kiss his mouth.

“Can I see your room? I whisper against his mouth. He smiles and pulls me, which I assume is the way to his bedroom. I stop again to look in wonder. His room is pale blue with white pinewood features. It looks too adult for an eighteen year old.

“I’m guessing you haven’t decorated this place since you moved in?”

“Not had a chance really. But I like it in here.” He looks over at me and sits on the huge four-poster bed. I use that chance to invade his closet, which by the way, is as big as my bedroom. He has his own bathroom that has two sinks and a bath that could fit a huge fully developed whale in. When I come back in, he is standing looking out the window.

“I like the twinkling lights at night.” He whispers. I walk over to join him and he curls his arm around my shoulders. I put my head against his arm.

“It’s beautiful.” I sigh. “You’re so lucky to have a place like this.”

“It was a gift from my dad. We are already in business together and I haven't even been to college yet.”

“What does his business entail?”

“He owns a lot of properties, he buys companies and sells them for a profit, and he has over a thousand car garages around the US.”

“I think my dad works at one of his garages.”

“In Charlotte?”

“Yeah, I think so. Not sure, I know because he told me the other day, when I told him about you.”

“Your dad knows about us?”

"Yeah, he’s happy for me.” I smile and he moves me backwards toward his bed. He pushes me gently and I fall backwards. I instantly sit up on my elbows, he moves his hand from my ankle, up my leg, and over the right side of my body, sending cold shivers throughout me. When he reaches my mouth with his, he hovers over, breathing hard against me.

“Luke, please kiss me.” I suppress.

He gently kisses my lips and works his way down the right side of my face. Gently kissing my cheeks and toward that sensitive place under my earlobe. He moves to kiss my neck, I groan with appreciation and feel his smile.

“We should really get you out of these wet clothes, baby,” he whispers against my neck.

“I’m all yours.” Where the hell did that come from? That confidence. He needs to know of my virginity, but I can’t find the words. I can’t spoil this moment.

“Sit up,” he commands and I comply. He slowly pulls my soaking wet vest top over my head so I am naked to my waist, only my pink bra covering me, and lays me back softly. My breathing is irregular; he’s making me so anxious and excited, and such a desire, a want sweeps through me. He kisses me on my stomach with soft gentle erotic kisses, bites up my torso, and back to my mouth. My skin feels like it’s on fire. My back arches to his touch, my breathing stopping when he lets go. All my blood has risen to the surface and I ache for him and his touch. He gently kisses my mouth and looks at me deeply. We search each other, looking for what we want. The desire, the force, is too strong. I pull him close to me as I kiss and bite at his mouth, the desire in me wanting him, needing him. He gently pulls away and moves down my body. His index finger traces the outline of my jeans and he gently undoes the button and slides down the zipper. It reveals my lace pink underwear and he places his pinky finger on the inside and runs it along the surface. It makes my body shudder in response, and he pulls his hand away and abruptly sits up.

“Are you hungry?” he asks, his head tilted playfully to the side.

“Yeah, are you?” I whisper.

“Let’s get take out and a watch a movie, huh?”

“Um, sure, Luke, whatever you want.” I watch as he stands up and puts his hand out for me to take. I take it and he pulls me off the bed so I fall into his arms. His arms fall around my waist and our naked torsos stick together with the dampness of the rain.

“Ella,” he whispers. “You are beautiful. All of you, you have captured me and I can’t get out. I don’t want to get out.”

“Then don’t.” I whimper. He pulls away and looks down at me.

“I can’t ever let you go, do you understand, Ellie? I can’t explain why this has happened. Why it’s me and you, I’m so sorry about Jenna. You weren’t meant to see that. We were saying goodbye. I said goodbye and told her I couldn’t escort her to the prom at the end of summer. I told her that there was only one girl I wanted to take with me. One girl, who has actually taken me, caught my heart in her hands and I don’t think she even knows.”

“Luke-”

“No, Els, let me finish. You have told me things you never thought you would tell anyone. You opened up to me about your hurt. About your life. About school and why it wasn’t for you. Why nobody ever looked for you. Ella, I need to look for you. I am connected to you in such a way I can’t explain. My life is supposed to be with you. We need to have each other, well, I need you. When I’m with you, I feel like we are meant to be, I feel like I can do anything. Like I can become anyone. I feel such a need to be with you, Ella. I need to be with you.”

He slides a strand of hair behind my ear and I can’t help but lean up and softly kiss him, my body shivering with cold, adrenaline, and love for this amazing man. He kisses me back softly and we fall backwards as the kiss accelerates. We fall toward the glass window and he lifts me so my naked back is against it. God, it’s cold. But I barely think about it. All I feel is this heat, this lust for Luke. He puts me down, and rests his hands on either side of my arms blocking me between him and the glass.

“Ella, spend the summer with me, fall with me. I don’t know what will happen when college comes, but please, let’s be us, I need us.”

“Okay.” I smile at him and he beams back at me.

“You’re freezing.”

“Do you mind if I have a shower? Warm myself up a bit?”

“I’ll run you a bath, Ella, and I thought I warmed you up just now.” He winks at me and pulls away. I watch him walk off, his jeans slowly dipped so I can see his underwear. Now that is a sexy look. I can’t help but smile and watch. He turns around and catches me looking at him.

“Are you checking me out?” He asks, and smiles at me. He wanders back over so he is hovering over me, not touching me. “Want a bath?” He asks seductively, our lips barely touching. My stomach feels like it’s about to implode on me, all of these mixed feelings swallowing me up.

“Sure, I-I’m okay, and yeah, maybe.” I stutter and he gently kisses me. From nowhere, I grab his face in my hands and push him away. His hands are in my hair and I push him onto the bed. I climb onto him so I am astride his hips. Our bodies sink into the mattress as I kiss him, hard. I hold his hands on either side of him so that if he wanted to, he could break free. I sit up and lean forward to kiss his sternum and across his chest. I follow on from what he did to me earlier and I watch as his body comes to life with my touch. I work my way back up, kiss his beautifully sculptured jaw, and run my tongue along it. I hover over his mouth; our breaths caught with each other and kiss him. I bite his bottom lip and pull softly. He lets out a satisfying groan from somewhere deep inside him. I pull away and look into his eyes. I let go of his arms and he snakes them around me.

“Please don't hurt me, Luke, I know we can work. Please.” He looks at me, his eyes scanning mine for something. Maybe acceptance? Truth?

“I promise you, Ellie, I won’t hurt you, trust me. Forever and always.”

“Forever and always?”

“Forever and always, Ellie, my promise.”

“I trust you.” I move off him so as he can get up.


“How’s about that bath then?”

“Sure.”

“Oh shit, Ellie, do your parents know where you are?”

“I’ll text my mom. It’s Friday, right? She’ll be okay. I’ll tell her I’m at Jade's.”

“You want to stay over?” He looks at me worried, I’m sure I know what about, but the inevitable will find us.

“If that’s okay.” I whisper.

“Absolutely.” He whispers back and heads for the bathroom.





 Nine





“I’ll order take-out for when you get out of the bath!” He shouts from the bathroom. “Chinese, Indian, or Pizza, Ella, your choice.” Oh, my choice. I can’t help but giggle inside.

“Pizza.” I reply. “It’s yummy and it’s greasy. Pizza with chicken, if you don’t mind.” He wanders out and gazes at me, his jeans hung from his hips, he looks delicious.

“I don’t mind baby, I like chicken on pizza.” A smile appears from the corner of his mouth and he goes back into the bathroom. I take this moment to actually, really look at his room. He has no posters up and no typical teenage boy stuff around. This place is too adult for him. He has one single canvas photo on the wall opposite his bed. It’s of him with his mom and dad. I grab my cell from my pocket and text my mom to tell her I’m out for the night. She doesn’t mind anymore because she knows I spend a lot of time at Jade's. When he appears from the bathroom, he comes and takes a seat next to me on the bed, draping a robe around me. It’s so soft and warm.

“Thanks.” I smile.

“You're welcome. Your bath is nearly ready.”

“Already?”

“Yes already, it fills up quick.” He leaves the room. I wander over to the bathroom and it looks amazing. There are candles lit everywhere and even soft music playing in the background. I think the song is called ‘Holding On and Letting Go’. It’s beautiful. The bath smells of strawberries and there are bubbles on the surface. I strip slowly and walk over to the bath. I leave the door unlocked, purposely. I know secretly, subconsciously, I want him to find me naked. In his bath.

The water is warm and comforts my cold bones. I relax and listen to the music surrounding me; it really is fitting for the moment. I understand now what I want from Luke and what he wants from me. We need each other to function, without him I feel a weakness that won’t shift, that can’t shift. He makes me feel, well, happy. This is me, at happiness, and because that is such a rarity to me, it matters. A bind has been created between us, but I know that the inevitable will happen, and that at the end of summer he will leave me. We will have to end.

“Ella?”

“In the bath.” I shout back.

“Food won’t be long.”

“Okay.”

“I miss you, want some company?”

“Sure.” I reply. He comes in, turns the music down, and sits opposite me on the edge of the marble looking bath. “Mm, Ella, naked in my bath,” he purrs and I can’t help but feel something explode inside of me.

“Hey!” I reply and throw bubbles at him. He laughs and splashes me back. I giggle at him, my man.

“You okay, Ella?”

“Yeah, actually, I feel amazing.” I sink my head under the water, embarrassed. When I rise back to the surface, I empty my ears of bathwater and push my hair from my face.

“Want me to shampoo your hair?”

“Does it smell like men?” I laugh.

“No, it’s a nice one I think.”

“That’s fine then.” I nod. He moves so that he is behind me and starts to gently shampoo and massage my head. It feels comforting and the tension and hurt from earlier is evaporating. The rain, the argument, their kiss, their embrace. His fingers work magic throughout me. I just feel, elevated, safe with him, and it makes me calm. This shampoo smells so good. He stops and I sigh.

“One sec, Ella.” He mumbles as he leaves the bathroom.

“Hmm, where have you gone?” I smile, I don’t know where it comes from, but I smile, genuine and honest, and it turns into a grin.

“What is this?” I hear Luke come back in and my smile subsides as he sits against the bathtub behind me. He has a jug in his hand and fills it with bath water.

“Put your head back, my mom used to do this to me when I was a kid.” I comply and tilt my head back.

“Cute.” I whisper and he rushes water through my hair. It feels so gentle and sweet, something he doesn't need to do but he does it because he can. Right now, I feel like I’m wanted; a feeling that I have never physically experienced. The desire and need to feel like this has led me to him. His gentle hands are weaving throughout my hair as he applies conditioner. I moan in response to his expert hands and he copies his motions from before and pours water over my head. He finishes, pulls me back toward him, and kisses me under my earlobe.

“You are so beautiful, don’t let anyone tell you anything else, you're perfect, Ella,” he whispers against my neck. I don’t know what this feeling is, but my body moves in response to his words. He stands, leaves the room, and I feel sad. I’m suddenly flooded with dread and thoughts of pain. What is going to happen when it comes to college? What? So we spend one summer together and that's it? We both go to different colleges, different directions. What happens then? I just forget it? Luke pokes his head around the door and stares at me, admiring me.

“Foods here, I’ll be in the living room, take as long as you need.” I smile back at him and he leaves. What he doesn’t know won’t hurt him. I cry, quietly thinking about what this could be. My hands hide my face but I can’t stop the tears. I breathe in slowly to try to control myself. I can’t attach to someone again and end up broken. I just can’t.

I can’t help this. I’ve fallen already so deep, so longingly for him. I compose myself and shelter my body in a warm, surprisingly soft, fluffy, white towel.

Once I’ve dried my hair and myself, I change into one of Luke's t-shirts that I found in his closet and borrowed some of his sweatpants. I look ridiculous, but at least I’m warm. I pad along the cold, white tiles down the stairs toward his kitchen and smile at where I am, all my earlier thoughts hidden within me. I spot him sitting on the sofa on his phone looking so gorgeous I have to double take what I can see. He has the TV on and some program about cops is playing.

“Hi.” I whisper and he looks up immediately to match my gaze. I look away in embarrassment.

“Hi, you look so cute in my stuff.” He smiles and pushes his attention back to his phone.

“Mines still wet and I couldn’t find it anyway.” I shrug.

“I’m washing and drying it for you, I hope you don’t mind.”

“No, thank you, that’s nice of you.” Why do I feel like I’m talking to a stranger? “Can I grab a drink?” I ask.

“Of course you can.” He looks up at me. “Let me grab you one, soda okay?”

“Yeah, sure.” He jumps up and strides over to me. He grabs me and pulls me close to him. I release my tension and sag against him. He pulls me tightly into him and his face buries in my hair.

“You’re beautiful. Please, don’t ever forget that.” He whispers then releases me.

I walk over to the couch and sit, looking longingly at the pizza in front of me. Wow, I’m starving. I won’t take a slice, just in case he thinks I’m being rude. I look up at the TV and pretend to watch whatever the hell this is. I hear him walk back and breathe in deeply.

“I got you orange, I can’t find any soda, hope that’s okay.”

“Of course it is.” I smile at him.

“Pizza?” He gestures.

“I thought you’d never ask.” I laugh and jump up to grab a slice. It tastes amazing and suppresses my appetite instantly. I moan in appreciation.

“Nice?” He asks.

“Where the hell is this from? Most pizzerias around here are always late, or way too greasy. This is perfect.” He laughs.

“The pizzeria down the road, they are amazing right? I always order from them.”

I finish my slice of pizza and gather my confidence. I reach over and take his cell from his hands.

“Ella, what are you-” I place it on the table and find myself crawling over to him. I place my leg either side of his and look deeply into his eyes.

“Luke -” My voice is shaking. “I want you to be my first.” He looks at me, his face etched with confusion.

“Ella, you're a virgin?”

“Of course I am.”

His hands glide up the side of my body until they reach my face. He pulls me close and kisses me gently. He moves so that I am on top of him. Making out on the sofa, so cliché, but so sexy. I kiss him as if my life and soul depended on it. Our tongues meet and embrace each other, making us desperate and wanting. I pull away and sit up. He follows suit.

“Ella, are you okay?” He asks, his thumb tracing my lower lip. It makes my body growl.

“Luke, I, you might think this is stupid, but I’m afraid that one day I’ll wake up and you'll be gone, that you won’t be mine. Because only in my dreams do good things happen, and then I wake up disappointed with reality. You're so great – you’re the greatest thing that’s ever happened to me. I don't want you to be gone, like the things in my dreams.” I look down at my fingers and he lifts my chin so that I can’t avoid eye contact.

“You speak such amazing words, Ella. I would never want this to end. You are my good dreams too.”

We kiss for what feels like hours when suddenly it escalates into something else. His hands begin to invade my body, his hands cupping me in areas no man has ever touched. I want this so much. He is all I could ever want. His hands and mouth continue their invasion, moans lost between pleasure and want. Gently, he lifts me and carries me to the bedroom, and with that, I know that this is it.

This is Luke and I.

And I want him, I want us.





 Ten





He lays me gently on his bed and kisses me slowly and gently. I sit up and take off my top, revealing my body to him. He looks at me and I grab him and kiss him again.

"So beautiful." He whispers against my mouth.

He moves from my mouth down to my neck, does gentle kisses, and bites down my sternum. He kisses down the full length of my body, down my center, and works his way back up again.

His breathing is hot and heavy against my lips. There is something I have never felt before and it's pooling hot in my stomach. His lips skim my skin and kiss across my collarbone. His tongue gently strokes out and licks every so often. My back bucks when he kisses under my ear, causing a seductive moan to escape from my lips. Where is this coming from? I can feel him hard against my leg through his underwear. I have an urge to flip him over and explore him, like he is with me. I thought this would hurt me but all I can respond to is my body.

My blood has picked up profusely; my heart beating so hard it's causing my breath to falter. His fingers tickle against my ribs and I gasp when I feel his mouth over my breast. I can't control my back, it bucks again, and he licks and plays with my nipple. His left hand is playing with my left nipple and pleasure just consumes me. It feels so different to what I thought it would. My fingers twist through his hair and I pull gently. He makes a grunt; a sound that works its way from my ears straight to my groin. He lifts from my breast and looks down at my body. His eyes are dark, seductive.

"I've never felt this with a girl, Ella, only you. I want to taste every. Fucking. Inch." As his fingers tickle down my ribs, his tongue works its way over my stomach. I know what he's going to do, I won't lie, and I’ve seen porn. His eyes look to mine for acceptance and I nod at his unspoken question. Which I’m sure would be, ‘are you sure?’

His fingers hook under my panties and he pulls them down my legs, slowly, seductively. I feel his mouth on my breast once more, his tongue flicking my nipple. I almost don't realize his fingers are spreading me and he slowly slips one inside me. The feeling is, different. I know a finger is much smaller than he is, I’m sure, but it still feels alien. As he works his finger in and out, I feel a sudden wideness as he inserts two fingers.

"Am I hurting you, baby?" He whispers against my skin.

"No." I say breathlessly, almost inaudible.

He is rubbing something with his fingers, which sparks electricity throughout my blood. It's like a trigger and it feels so good. His tongue stops playing with my nipple and his mouth meets mine again. His tongue works mine and we entangle in my pleasure together. His fingers have picked up speed, rubbing me hard now, causing seductive and pleasured tones to escape my lips. They come from nowhere. I try to hold them in, but I can't. I'm too lost in the moment. My body starts to build I can feel it. My legs start to ache and my skin is getting hotter by the second. Sweat is building in soft beads on my forehead. It just explodes, like desperation. My fingers grab the white sheet below me and I pull on them hard as my orgasm consumes me in its warmth. Luke's tongue slowly twists with mine and he takes my groans in his mouth. He rests his forehead against mine and closes his eyes.

"That was the sexiest thing I have ever seen, Ella. You're just pure ecstasy." His lips meet mine again but I need more. My hand gingerly moves down and I trace the outline of his arousal with my fingers. He takes in a sharp breath, his eyes meet mine, lust piercing though. I could swim in just his eyes. That didn't hurt, he didn't hurt me, and I felt my first ever, pleasurable experience with a man. His thumb traces across my lower lip and I bite the pad.

"Fuck." Luke gasps and grabs my arms and pins me to the mattress. "Are you sure you're ready, baby? Are you one hundred percent, Ellie? I want to make love to you, but only if you want it too."

Do I want this? Yes, I do. I want to be with him, give my all to him. "Yes."

He releases my arms and stands from the bed. He slowly removes his boxers and hovers over my body. His eyes never leave mine. I can see him in the corner of my eye putting on a condom slowly over his length. How the hell is that going to fit in there? His thumb collides with my clit and I struggle to breathe in. Yeah, I’ve tried to masturbate before, but it was nothing like this. The feeling of his thumb rubbing soft circles is much, much more. I can feel him at my opening and he gently slides the tip in. Fullness. That's the only way I can describe it. His body shudders as he fills me completely and I know now I am definitely not breathing anymore.

His soft voice fills my ear, "Are you okay, baby? Am I hurting you?"

Is he hurting me? No, he's not. He's scared of hurting me, when all I want is him, I want us. “I'm okay." I whisper back and he begins to pick up his pace.

His forehead rests on mine and the soreness eases away, replaced with pure pleasure, adrenaline. His palm is resting on my cheek and his lips just barely touching mine. His eyes clench shut every time he thrusts fully into me. My hips start to work of their own accord, meeting him thrust for thrust. The desire starts to pool again and I can feel it building. His groans become my adrenaline. His voice is so seductive, so endurable. He moves his forehead away from mine and his fingers grasp harshly into my hair. It just causes pleasurable pain. His lips kiss my neck and his breath is heavy against my skin.

"You're so beautiful, baby, my Ellie." His words are my unraveling and I feel my blood spark to life, the ecstasy cursing through it radically, causing my body to shake and buck beneath him. Luke follows me shortly after calling my name in loud, seductive groans.

If you'd have told me yesterday I'd be losing my virginity to Luke James, I'd have called you a liar.





******



I awake to soft sunshine and Luke's arm wrapped firmly around my waist. I smile and remember last night, what it meant, what it means. I gently graze my fingers across his hand, across his arm, and feel him nuzzle harder against my back. I lift his hand, kiss his fingertips, and lightly bite his baby one. He groans and puts his head on my shoulder.

“Good morning, beautiful.” he whispers and kisses my neck.

“Hi,” I smile. I roll over so that I am facing him and his hand gently strokes my cheek, his thumb tracing my lower lip and he has a shy smile.

“How are you feeling?” he asks.

Yes, how am I feeling? I am okay.

“I feel.... well.... happy.” I grin.

“Me too, Ellie, last night was...words fail me.” I smile at him and copy his motions with my fingers. I trace his sculptured jaw, across his stubble, and gently lean forward and kiss his mouth. He holds me there and kisses me back softly and I smile beneath the kiss. He rolls me over so that I am beneath him.

“I think I might love you,” I whisper and he raises his head to meet my stare. His eyes search mine in an attempt to understand my words and his forehead rests against mine.

“Do you mean that?” He whispers, his eyes clenched shut.

“Yes, I think I do.” He gently kisses me again and we fall into each other. I feel his love and fight for me, and we gently make love once more.





******



I’m gently dozing when his fingertips gently graze across my scars.

“I hate how all these lines show how sad you were.” He looks refined, ashamed. It feels so soft and gentle when such a pain occurred there.

“They show me how much I hated myself, blamed myself, for Jay, for everything.”

“This one is wider than the others.” He looks at me with such a worry etched on his perfect face.

“Luke...please don’t feel sorry for me.” I look down at the scar and watch his index finger go back and forth across it and I remember how that one happened instantly. “That was my first one.” I whisper.

“Tell me, Ella,” he whispers.

“You really want to know?” He looks down at my arm and back up to me.

“I just want to understand.”

“Okay.” I breathe in deeply and shudder at the memory. “I was at school. It was lunch and I felt completely alone. I had no one. I walked into my English class; I know it was a Tuesday because he died on Saturday.” I stop and he looks at me and kisses my forehead gently. “As I walked in, there was no teacher, just the class. Some sat on tables, some sat at their desks. I believe you were there, too. Just as I thought my day couldn’t get any lower, they all started to chant Ella 'Smella'. Then, as if I wasn’t afraid enough, orange juice, water, pencils, paper, hit me from all directions. Someone even spat at me. At that moment, I wanted to know why these people hated me, why they didn’t care about me. What had I ever done to hurt them? What gave them the right to hurt me? The worst part was that even Jade wasn’t interested in me. I just broke down in front of everyone.”

He puts his finger to my lips to silence me. “Ella, I can’t listen to this, I remember. I don't know why people did that, why they felt the need to hurt you. I never even involved myself.”

“Luke, let me finish.” I give him a reassuring smile and he goes back to stroking my arm. “I just remember angrily wiping my tears away and I felt such an anger, a hate, a fury. I walked into the cafeteria.... I grabbed a plastic knife and fork, opened the packaging, and threw the fork in a trashcan. I went into the girl’s restroom and locked myself in a stall. I pushed up my sleeve and stared at my wrist. I know my tears were hot and heavy because I remember dashing them away. I saw where I wanted to do it, placed the knife to my wrist, and with each cut I felt angrier and angrier slicing into my flesh. The blood just poured out of me, Luke, and I just remember the noise, it was like a dripping tap, each drop of blood hitting the cold floor and I felt numb. I felt nothing.

“I panicked and I held my wrist with my other hand. I thought I’d cut an artery. The blood just kept escaping, no matter how hard I pressed my hand to it. I began to cry, not just an average cry, but also a howl. I couldn’t stop the pain, this pain I felt for Jay, for my life. But I couldn't feel the pain from my wrist, it emptied so much out, pouring it away with the blood.” I stop to choke back the sob of my memories. Luke is still listening. His face just empty of emotion and I know, deep down, how he feels for me. I swallow hard. “I walked out of the restroom and people were everywhere. Nobody stopped me. Nobody asked me if I was okay, do you know how that feels?” I turn back to face Luke and he’s crying. “No, Luke, don’t cry for me,” I beg. “Honestly, I’m passed all this, honest.” I smile and wipe his tears away.

“It’s just guilt, Els, It just makes me sad to know you were like this. You always stood out to me, Ella; I think I even liked you then. I could have defended you, but no, my reputation mattered more and I’m so sorry for that, Ella, I really am.”

“It’s not your fault, none of this is. It’s just all about my depression, my loss, and me. It will one day all disappear, my anxiety, my panic attacks. I know one day they will disappear.” He smiles at me and gently kisses my lips.

“What do you want to do today?”

“I don’t know what do you have in mind?”

“I could take you to a high school party...” My expression is blank. “Or not...” he laughs.

“What college are you going to, Luke?”

“Ella...I don’t want to ruin this right now.”

“I’m going to UCLA I think. It’s what I want. Tell me, Luke.”

“I got into Princeton.” He breathes. I have to look away. Oh God, what do I do? In four weeks he is going to be 2,000 miles away from me.

“See, Ella, I told you.” His fingers float through my hair as I try thinking of a logical way for us to work.

“That's across the country,” I sigh.

“I know. It’s closer to home for me, just a short flight. My dad wants me to come home on weekends to help with the business we are developing so I have something to cling to after college.”

I can’t help it but unbidden, unwanted tears gently fall down my cheeks.

“Oh, Ella, please don’t cry, I can’t bear it.” He pulls me close and I sob quietly against his chest.

“This is what you meant isn’t it? Why we couldn’t work, this is what you meant isn’t it?”

“Yes. You told me what college you were going to and I had to try distance myself, but, Ella, I can’t.” I pull away and wipe my eyes.

“We will make it work, Luke, I can’t only have four weeks with you, I love you.”

“Actually, Ella, I’m gone the day after prom.”

“WHAT?” I shout. "You lied to me?"

He sighs softly. “I need to be settled in New Jersey and my time obviously starts before yours.” I look at him and sigh. I can’t be this, do this now. I don’t want to know that we have to split and be so far away from each other.

“I need a shower,” I breathe.

“Ella...please,” he begs.

“Luke, I can’t. I just...can’t, okay?” I shift to move off the bed and he grabs my wrist and pulls me back so I am on top of him. Straddling his hips, I gently lean down and kiss his partly opened mouth.

“I can’t.” I whisper and he pulls me down and holds me, neither one of us wanting to let go.





 Eleven





After what feels like forever, he loosens his grip on me and I climb off, holding back my tears. Shit, shit, shit. I don’t have my car. I need distance and I don’t have my fucking car!

“Ella.” Luke breathes as I scurry around his room, looking for something to cover my modesty. He’s sitting up looking at me, his green eyes filled with worry. He seriously takes my breath away. I stop and stare for just a second. Holy fucking shit. I’ve lost my virginity and now he’s told me he’s leaving in two weeks. Before I know it, I’m on the floor in a crumpled heap, holding his sweatpants close to my chest. I sob into the comfort of them and his warm arms cradle me.

“Breathe, Ella.” Luke strokes along my upper arm, I breathe slowly in and out, letting the air flow through my lungs.

“Luke.” I sob. “I’ve got no place to go without you, it’s just too much, and I’ve just given myself to you, God.” I say the last word with rage. “I’ve fucking given myself to you!” I scream.

“Ella, please don’t curse at me!” He looks down at me, his face screwed up with anger. “You wanted to, I wanted to. We are both consenting adults.”

“THAT’S NOT THE FUCKING POINT!” I growl. “IF I KNEW YOU WERE GOING AWAY IN TWO MOTHER FUCKING WEEKS, I PROBABLY WOULDN’T HAVE GIVEN MYSELF UP TO YOU.” I jump to my feet, storm over to the bathroom, and close the door. I’m filled with rage. I put his sweats back on and pull on a bathrobe.

Putting my hands on either side of the sink, I scream into the mirror, looking at the stranger staring back at me. He’s bashing hard on the door but right now, I couldn’t really give a fuck.

“ELLA, LET ME IN!” He shouts.

“NO!”

“Please, Ella.” He begs. There’s a long silence and I listen intently for his next move. “Fine, have it your way.” Before I know it, the door is smashed open, shards of wood scatter to the floor, and the door is hanging on its bottom hinge.

What the fuck? Luke has my head in his hands, kissing mercilessly at my mouth, pushing me hard up against the wall. I gasp at the impact.

No, I don't want you. I just can’t...help it.

My body gives in and we are in a state of passion and outrage. His tongue clashes with mine fiercely and we are smashing around his bathroom. He lifts me on to the vanity unit and a glass tumbler falls to floor, smashing into a million pieces. I briefly look away to assess the damage, he roughly pulls my chin back to look at him, and he stares at me. His stare just...melts me.

“God, Ella, You are mine.”

“What?” I whisper.

“M.I.N.E” He spells it out, each letter a staccato.

“How am I yours?” I look at him, my head tilted to the side playfully.

“You just are. Ella, I’m in love with you too.”

“What?” I say, breathing heavily now.

“You consume me, overwhelm me, You. Are. Mine.” He grabs my face and kisses me again - Hard. He pulls a remote from the drawer next to me and turns on the stereo. Bullet For My Valentine plays, ‘These Tears Don’t Fall. I know it so well.

Oh, angry music.

We kiss, desperately pleading with each other. He strips me, fast. My bathrobe yanked open, sweatpants off in seconds. He grabs both of my ankles, spreading my legs open and takes me again, but this time it’s hard, desperate. The lyrics catch me. Would she hear me if I called her name? Would she hold me if she knew my shame? We’re in an angry, passionate, erotic embrace, our bodies serving and working with each other. I writhe on the surface of his sink; my hips moving up to meet him. He thrusts into me hard and fast, completely filling me.

“Come for me, baby,” he whispers seductively into my ear, and on his cue, I climax, spiraling endlessly, and I scream as if for my life. He keeps up his pace, entering me over and over again, supplying me with multiple orgasms until he finds his release and holds me, my legs still shaking and my toes are numb.

Why are my toes so numb?

Our sweaty bodies hold each other. He’s just taken me on his vanity unit. Oh, my, God. I look up at him and he smirks then kisses me.

“Did you use a condom?” I blurt out and he looks down at me, shocked.

“Shit.” he whispers and looks at me panicked. “Of course I fucking did, Ella.” He slides out of me, releases me, and turns to wink at me. Fucking arrogant pig!

“Oi!” I shout and watch his magnificent, flawless, muscled, godly body look back at me.

“Yes?” He asks sweetly.

“Where are you going?” I say, conscious of myself, still sitting butt naked on his vanity unit.

“To have a shower. Are you coming?” He asks, a grin across his face.

Now the fucking shower, three times already, and now the shower?

“Um yeah, sure.” I submit, gently easing my sore body off the vanity unit. I follow him, staring at his ass as we make what feels like a mile walk to the end of the bathroom. When he turns to look at me, I look down at my fingers, embarrassed.

“Ella?” he raises my chin and I look into his beautiful emerald green eyes. “Are you okay?” he asks softly, his thumb tracing my lower lip.

“I guess.” I shrug.

“I need to know, Els, are you okay, baby?”

“No.” I answer, because it is in fact, the truth.

“Oh, Ellie.” He groans and pulls me close. “I meant it, I have fallen in love with you.” I search his eyes and he searches mine. We have seriously, royally fucked ourselves over.

“This is fucked up.” I whisper.

“I know, we will figure it out, Ellie, I promise.”

“I trust you.” I smile softly at him and he gently kisses my lips.

He puts his hands under my rear and lifts me up. I squeal and giggle and he laughs. He sounds beautiful. He takes me to the far end of the room where the shower is enclosed in a glass house. He gently places me in and I pout.

“Are you not getting in?” I smile.

“Of course, baby.” He smirks.

He stumbles in behind me and I look at the dials to turn the shower on. Why are there like, five dials for a shower? He walks over to the far wall, hovers his hand over a black dot, and instantly water begins to fall from the ceiling. The whole ceiling is the shower; it’s beautiful, like rain.

“Whoa.” I gasp, and he walks over to me.

“Amazing, isn’t it?”

“Yes, it’s like it’s raining, but it’s warm.” I giggle. His hands cup my cheeks and he kisses me.

“Body wash and shampoo are over there.” He points with his chin to the far left corner, where there is a shelving unit of all sorts of products. I wander over and try find a floral smelling one. I move a shower gel and behind it is a girl’s one. It’s pink, with flowers on the bottle. I pick it up and turn to face him. I put my hand on my hip and try my hardest to look cute.

“Is this yours?” I laugh. He bows his head and looks back at me. “No, that was Jenna’s.” He sighs. Oh for fucks sake. I turn and put it back. I was not expecting that.

“Did Jenna live here?” He looks at me with a look of horror on his face, which instantly changes to a frown as he strides towards me. He bends down to my ear and breathes in.

“No. She didn’t.”

“Then, why is her shower gel here?”

“I don't know.” He shrugs.

“You’re a shit liar.” I mumble.

“Don't curse at me, Ella!” He groans. “Listen, we need to have a chat about everything, how are you feeling? Are you feeling sore?” How inappropriate.

“Yes.” I sigh.

“Come on, let’s shower.” He holds out his hand to me and pulls me close.

Kissing in the rain.





 Twelve





He leaves the shower, and before I can even think about my actions, I’m holding onto Jenna’s shower gel and squeezing every last drop down the drain. I drop it, satisfied, and exit the glass room.

It’s now technically a sauna. I have no fucking idea how to turn it off. I wrap myself in a warm, fluffy, white towel, and quickly towel-dry my hair. I pad into the bedroom and Luke is nowhere to be seen. On the bed is my outfit from yesterday; folded neatly with a pair of shoes I’ve never seen before. They’re not mine. I look inside and the tag is still firmly attached. A brand new pair of pink Vans, just for me. I smile but feel guilty. I don’t want him buying me things. Even the size is right. I don’t have any clean underwear, shit.

I open Luke’s top drawer and he has several pairs of Calvin Klein boxer shorts and neatly folded socks. Jeez. I pull out a pair and a small jewelry box falls to the floor. I slide on the boxers and leave the box on the floor. I really don’t want to know whom that was intended for. I find my bra under the bed, slip it on, and my vest top and jeans follow suit. I slip on my new Vans, satisfied when they fit me. I walk over to his full-length mirror and look at myself. I really don’t know how I feel. Pleased? Angry? I really don’t know. I’m distracted when my cell starts buzzing on the bedside table. It’s an unknown caller.

“Hello?”

“Ella...”

“Yes? Who is this?”

“Jenna.” She sighs. “Listen, Ella, you need to leave.”

“What? No, I don’t. How did you get my number?”

“Ella, Luke doesn’t love you, it was all a high school ploy, a bet, to see if he could get your fat ass into bed.” She spits at me.

“You’re a fucking liar.” I breathe and she laughs hysterically down the phone.

“No, I’m not. You’re the liar. You’re lying to yourself, girl.”

“Jenna, why are you saying these things?”

It can’t be true.

“Because I can.” she whispers.

“What? You just expect me to believe you?” I sigh.

“Ella, has he taken you yet? Has he told you he loves you? Taken you to the baseball field? Bought you a gift?” I start to shake uncontrollably just as Luke enters the room.

“Ella, are you okay?” He walks over to me and cups my face.

“Ask the bitch.” I mumble and shove my cell into his hands.

“Ella...what? Hello? Jenna, what the fuck?” I grab my bag and run down the stairs and towards the foyer doors. How the fuck do I get out?

I try the door and it’s locked. I really don’t want to be made a fool of. I stride over to the other side of the room, open the balcony doors, and step out. Shit, it’s cold today. I close the doors behind me quietly and fall to the floor. I’m really fucking fed up of crying.

Dry cries heave my body but I just can’t cry anymore. I take my iPod out of my bag and shove the headphones in my ears. Coldplay’s ‘The Scientist’ plays and I breathe slowly to the music. I stand and shuffle closer to the edge. Shit, this is high. I look over and notice Luke’s car driving away.

“Oh, Fuck.” I mumble. He can’t be going after me. He didn’t even look. He can’t have, I’ve only been here a few minutes. I turn, open the balcony doors, and wander back in. I’m grateful for the heat, as I’m shivering from the cold. I make my way to the kitchen and sit on a stool. Coldplay sing to me.

Nobody said it was easy.

I help myself to some of Lucky Charms after searching for a bowl for too long. I found my cell on the kitchen counter. I flick through my phone, looking at the recent photos I’ve taken. There is one of Holly and me. I really need to get that framed. There is one of Luke, he’s sticking his tongue out at the camera and he looks carefree. I didn’t take this. He must have done it last night. I smile but a single inconvenient tear falls down my cheek. I rub it away and snap my phone shut. I hear a loud crash and voices screaming at each other.

“Luke, get off me!”

“No, you brought this on yourself, Jenna.” I instantly jump off the stool and run in the opposite direction to the voices. He's brought Jenna here. Shit. I try each door to my right, and none open but one. I open it and lock it from the other side. It’s a bathroom. I sigh and listen intently to the door.

“ELLA!” Luke screams and I hear him trying each door as I did. I back away. When he tries the handle on the bathroom, I hold my breath and he knocks gently.

“Ella, baby, I know you’re in there.”

“Go away.” I whisper.

“Ella, I’m not breaking another fucking door down! Let me in.” I sigh and unlock the door, against every instinct in my body. His arms are on the doorframe above his head. He looks down at me and sighs. “I didn’t know where you were.” He grumbles.

“I was on the balcony.”

“Why? It’s freezing outside.”

“I needed to think clearly.”

“Why?” His green eyes look sad, worried.

“Because everything becomes hazy around you, Luke. Jenna...she said...well, you probably know what she said. I know she’s here.”

“She’s in the dining room.” He whispers.

“Why?”

“I want her to apologize.” He drops his arms and shrugs.

“I don’t want her apology, she wants you.” I say, breathlessly.

“That’s a shame, because I want you.” His tone is matter-of-fact.

“Luke, you kissed her yesterday.” I shake my head with irritancy.

“I thought we sorted all that? I told you, Ella, it was a goodbye, but here she is trying her hardest to break us up.”

“How did you get her here?” I murmur.

“I asked her to come here to collect her stuff on the phone, she agreed, and I went to pick her up. It was a little ploy.” He grins and I can’t help but smile back. He gently holds my arm and pulls me into a cuddle. His arms fully wrap around my body now and I am cocooned in a Luke fortress. He gently pulls me away, and brushes my lips with his.

“Just you, Ella, I promise.” He gently places a stray lock of hair behind my ear. We walk hand in hand toward the dining room, toward a girl who has always made my life hell.

“What the fuck is she doing here?” I wince at her violence and Luke pulls me harder into his side.

“Jenna, Ella is my girlfriend.” Luke grits his teeth and holds my hand tighter.

“I was your girlfriend last week, do you just pick and choose?”

Luke laughs uncontrollably. I look up at him, my eyebrow cocked and he smiles down at me.

“No, Jenna, Ella and I are together, me and you, well, we were just a mistake.”

“How can you say that, Luke? What about us? Our time together? Did I mean nothing?” Luke instantly drops my hand and steps toward Jenna. Oh, what?

“Of course you didn’t, Jenna, you know how it was for me.”

“Then why break me?” I watch in agonizing fear and loss as Luke holds his ex-girlfriend in an embrace. Her head appears over his shoulder and she smiles at me. His arms cocoon her, just like he was doing to me, and his head buries into her long blonde hair. I feel myself back up, and as my back hits a stool at the breakfast bar, Luke lets go of Jenna. He turns to look at me and all the color drains his beautiful face. I just can’t witness this.

“Ella, no…please-” he looks ashen and I can’t be here right now, I can’t see him.

“No, see you later.” I grab my bag from the kitchen counter.

“Ella, please let me take you home and not like this.” He grabs my arm and I pull it back.

“Fuck off, Luke.” I growl.

“ELLA, PLEASE! Don’t curse at me.”

“I’ll just leave you to attend to your ex then, maybe when you are ready, let’s say in two weeks, we can call it a day. Then nobody needs to hurt anymore.”

“Let me take you home.” He asks, meekly. He’s desperate to touch me; I can see it in his eyes.

“No, I’ll get a bus or call my dad.” I need to calm down.

“Ella, please, you’re being unreasonable again. Please, let me take you home.” He walks over to me and I can barely contain my anxiety, my urge to do things unbidden.

No Ella, please don’t, you’ll regret it, it will take over your life...again.

“I have an urge right now, Luke. I need to go control it.”

“What do you mean an urge?”

No, not here Luke, remember what I told you goddamn it.

“You're so obtuse. See you, Jenna, enjoy his company.”

“I’m sure I will ‘Smella’!” She grins, Luke looks back at her, and it instantly disappears. I sigh deeply and cup his face in my hands.

“You’ll know what you want soon, and when you decide, come to me tonight.”

“Okay.” He whispers and I gently kiss him.

“Bye.”

“Bye, Ellie.” I release his face and walk over to the foyer door. To my surprise it unlocks and I step out to walk my long trip home.



******



I slump on my bed, my headphones snuggled in my ears, My Chemical Romance sing about not being okay.

Yes, that’s right, I am not okay.

He is the love of my life, I know that for sure. I just don’t know what he wants from me.

Does he want me? Last night I lost my virginity to a high school jock, someone who I only really started to speak to a week ago. He took me and made love to me, we even had angry sex. Mmmm, angry sex was good. His body haunts me. The rain and his toned, tight muscles tight under his t-shirt, feeling his skin on top of mine. The biting, the kissing, the passion. If lovemaking is always like that then I will never feel the need to say no, but only with Luke. College will be hard and I’m petrified that this is goodbye. Right now, all I’m thinking about is touching him when he’s doing God-knows-what with her.





 Thirteen





I awake to a knock on my bedroom door.

“Ella?” It’s mom. I reach up my arm to indicate she can come in and she sits on the end of my bed. I sit up and she straightens her dress.

“Hey, baby.” She whispers. “Listen, your dad has told me you’re seeing Luke James. Is this true?”

“Yeah, well sort of.”

“Tell me, angel, I want you to talk to me about this stuff, your sister does, and you just keep yourself locked away. I want to know if you’re happy.” She smiles at me and nods gently.

“Mom, I can’t tell you about this stuff, it’s personal.”

“Ella, you fail to forget at what age I met your father. We were only twenty-one, he was my first.”

“Ergh, Mom! Gross!” I laugh and throw a pillow at her.

“Please, Ella, talk to me.” She pleads. Okay, I can talk to my mom, right? What’s she going to do?

“I slept with him.” I blurt out and she backs off but gently smiles at me.

“Okay, how was it?”

“Amazing, we have this connection, I’ve never felt it before. It’s like we were meant to be but we can’t be, and that’s what is going to break us. Mom, he’s going to Princeton.”

“Oh, shit-” She whispers.

“Mom! No cursing!” I laugh and she laughs with me.

“Ella, you are a grown up now. Eighteen is considered an adult. High school is over, you have prom to look forward to. If you and Luke are falling for each other, at least you have the summer together right?”

“Wrong, he leaves in two weeks.” I’m trying my hardest to hold back my tears, a lump tightening and forming in my throat.

“Ella, baby, I can see you care for him, hell, maybe even love him. You know me; love makes the world go around in my eyes. You have two weeks together. Enjoy those and maybe after, who knows?” She smiles at me and I reach out my arms so I can have a mom hug.

“Thanks, Mom.” I whisper and she gently releases me.

“I have some rules, Ella. Luke is downstairs and this is why I wanted to know how you felt. He can stay in here, if that’s what you wanted to do, but not in your bed.” She scowls at me and I nod.

“Okay. Is he really here?”

“Yeah, and he’s waiting for you.”

“To do what?”

“I don’t know, Ella, just put some clothes on and go say hi.” I scramble up out of bed and find my jeans. I pull them on and slip on my Metallica t-shirt. I go check myself in my bathroom mirror and sort my hair out. I’ve put it in a center parting and it falls in soft waves down my shoulders. I actually look okay.

As I reach the second landing, he’s standing there at the bottom of the stairs looking at his feet with a bouquet of lilies in his hand. I stop and just look at him over the banister for a second. He looks amazing. I’m feeling lucky right now, I feel like I’ve found something I can never let go. He looks up and spots me, puts the lilies on table, and runs up the stairs two at a time. He walks towards me. He kisses me softly, my mouth surrendering to his. I make sure my parents are out of sight then groan under his kiss as he bites my bottom lip, hard. His kisses and soft little bites move down my neck and follows his path back up again. He bites down harder when he reaches my shoulder. Oh, God. The sexual desire is on fire. I want him right now on my landing.

“I missed you.” He mutters between kisses. He pulls away gently and kisses my forehead. “What are you doing to me, Ella, Jesus.”

“I missed you too.” I whisper and he smiles at me.

We sit around my parent’s dinner table, Luke cautiously doing small touches to my thigh and knees. I smirk under his touch and he knows he's affecting me.

“So...Luke, do you work for your father?” My dad’s gently picking up pasta with his fork and looking friendly at Luke.

“Yes sir, have done so since I was sixteen.”

“Wow, young worker huh?” He smiles at Luke and he gives him a satisfactory nod.

“Listen, Els-” my mom smiles at me. “We are going out to England next week, your granny insisted. You can come if you’d like, you too, Luke.” She looks over to Luke and I turn to face him.

“You want to come?” I smile at him and tilt my head. His eyes meet mine and he smiles back.

“Sure, how long for, Mrs. Stone?”

“Just a few days. You can see where Ella was born.” My mom says, heftily putting more potatoes on her plate.

“You’re British?” He looks at me, his brow raised.

“Um...yeah. Well, I was born in England; my mom’s family is British.”

“Oh, makes sense, you have a mixed accent, Mrs. Stone.”

“Please, Luke, call me Amanda.” I smile at my mom’s name, and she winks at him.

“Should be fun.” Holly laughs. “Let’s just hope Alex isn’t about.” I drop my fork against my plate and shoot her a warning look.

Shit! Fucking shit! Luke’s grasp on my knee becomes hard and I know he is angry with me.

“Later.” I whisper and look back over at Holly. “You’re dead.” I mouth and she laughs.



******



Luke gently closes my bedroom door behind him and slumps his back against it, his arms crossed over his chest.

“Alex, huh?” Luke raises one eyebrow at me and I sigh with exasperation.

“He was a summer boyfriend, okay? It was like three years ago. He was there for me, we were just being teenagers.”

“Like, me and you?” He points to me and back to him to mimic his words.

“No, Luke, not like me and you.” I repeat his gesture, and sit on the end of my bed. “I didn’t love him.” I whisper and he pushes away from the door. He crouches down and puts his hands on my knees.

“I’m joking baby, I just want to get jealous over you.”

“How about I go kiss someone else? I don’t know, maybe Jenna?”

“Low blow.” He sighs.

“I know, I’m sorry, tell me what happened today. You came to me so I’m guessing that you want me.” I wink at him and he moves so he is sitting next to me. He pushes my hair past my right shoulder and kisses my neck gently. I tremble against his lips, and he pulls away.

“Jenna was very angry after you left. I tried to calm her down, tell her that her and I are nothing and we never were, because we weren't, Els, we aren’t. She told me about what she said on the phone, it was just her being manipulative and jealous. I told her about the things I had done for you because I thought I could trust her. I never did those things for anyone but you.” He sighs and looks at his knotted fingers. “She is very jealous. I guess it’s because I fell for you instantly where I never really felt anything for her. She’s heartbroken, Ellie. I broke her heart.”

“Hey-” I whisper and turn his chin, so as he meets my gaze.

“Don’t feel guilty because someone fell in love with you, I feel sorry for her because if it were me, well, I think I’d probably break too.” He runs his cool fingers across my cheek and into my hair. I close my eyes and welcome his hand. He traces his fingers across my eyebrows and down across my mouth.

“I love you.” He whispers and I open my eyes. He loves me.

“Forever and always, Ellie.” I smile and gently part my lips. He leans in and kisses me gently, soft, long kisses. “I would die if I couldn’t ever see those beautiful blue eyes again.”

“I’d die if I could never see you again.” I murmur under his lips. “It’s going to hurt so badly. Isn’t it, Luke?” I pull away gently, his hand still resting on my face.

“It will break us, Ellie, but we need to live today, and tomorrow, and not worry about what is going to happen, because the inevitable will catch up with us, it will haunt us, but we can make it work baby, we can. I promise.” His thumb gently skims my bottom lip and I catch it and kiss it softly.

“Forever and always.” I whisper.





 Fourteen





My dream woke me up and I’m sitting awake, getting frustrated trying to remember what it was about. It’s dark but I can make out the ceiling. Luke is asleep on the floor next to me; I couldn’t break my mom’s rule when she trusts me so much right now.

I watch faintly in the darkness as his lungs breathe in and out and his body responds with their movements. I pull the covers off and swing my legs around to the edge of the bed. I gently walk the short distance to Luke and his blow up bed. I kneel beside him and kiss his cheek. He stirs gently and turns onto his front.

His phone vibrates, causing me to hold my breath. He moans and pushes the phone out from under his pillow and onto my hardwood floor. I let out a quiet breath and breathe in deeply. I grab his phone, nervous to who could be texting him at this time, and unlock it. I see Jenna’s name and put the phone back on the floor. It starts vibrating again, but this time it doesn’t stop. I gently stand and walk back over to my bed and lay down quietly. Luke picks up his phone and answers it, because it’s so quiet, I can hear the whole conversation.

“Hello?” He mumbles sleepily.

“Where the fuck are you, Luke?”

“Jenna?”

“Yeah, where are you?”

“At Ella’s, why?”

“What the fuck are you doing there? You can’t say what you said tonight and go back to her, what did you mean?”

“Jenna, what are you talking about?” I hold my breath and close my eyes.

“You are such a bull-shitter. I guess you’re talking in code because she’s there. Fucking coward.”

“Whoa, wait a second there, Jenna. I have no freaking idea what you’re talking about. We sorted everything earlier today, that’s the last of it.”

“What was with the text then?”

“What text?” He sighs.

“You texted me saying sorry, that you missed me, and that you’ll meet me at half past one at the park.”

“No, I didn’t. I never texted you, Jenna.”

“Yes, you fucking did! Check your damn phone, you dick.”

“Oh Christ, give me five minutes and I’ll call you back.” I watch as Luke sits up and checks his phone. 'What the fuck.' He whispers and looks over at me. He gets up, walks over to my bathroom, his phone now at his ear, and gently closes the door. The light switches on and illuminates my room slightly. I can hear mumbling but it’s too vague to understand. I really wish my bathroom wasn't so far away. I sigh and groan into my hands. After what feels like an eternity, Luke stumbles out of the bathroom and I pretend to be asleep. I am on my side and I watch as he struggles to pull on his clothes. When he’s dressed, he comes over to me and I squint my eyes shut. He hovers over my cheek, gently kisses it and whispers “I’m so sorry, Ellie.” With that, he leaves, and I sit up dazed by what just happened.



******



I don't know how I got here, but I’m here. I’m sitting in my sister’s car, which I followed Luke in. He’s come to the park Jenna mentioned and I’m breathing too harshly, battling with myself. Why have I come here?

I duck slightly when I see Luke come into view. I think I feel a bullet to my heart when Jenna comes into my line of vision. Her hand is in his, locked, tight. My fucking God, that hurts. I’d rather someone chewed my heart up and stomped on it. They walk hand in hand down the street away from me, toward his car. I can’t help it, but an unexpected harsh lump forms in my throat, begging me for release, but I can’t feel. When he starts his car, I let him drive away in front of me before I start to follow. I turn on the ignition with trembling fingers and sigh as I pull away. I follow them for a few miles, keeping my distance so they didn’t think they were being followed. We were heading for downtown Charlotte so it was then I knew he was taking her to his penthouse. Dawn was approaching and I couldn’t breathe anymore. I watched as he turned into the parking duplex and saw the gate close behind them. I pulled up across the street and wept. My body was afraid of pain; I had made it feel that way. I had messed it up. I really wanted to hurt right now. These tears are useless. They won’t remind me of what happened.



******



The orange and yellow light woke me and I squinted at its brightness. I had fallen asleep in the car, my body turned on its side facing the passenger window. I slowly sat up and stretched my arms up. I open Holly’s glove box and search her CD’s for something angry to listen to. I sigh when I find Bon Jovi’s greatest hits and smile at the memories this CD had brought on family holidays. I gently pushed it into the CD slot and ‘You Give Love a Bad Name’ plays quite coincidently through the car. I start the ignition and drive home, not knowing why Jenna and Luke were holding hands, and not having the confidence to ask him about it. The drive home is long and boring. I can’t do this with him lying to me. I need to see Jade. I stop in a deserted parking lot and pick up my cell. It rings once before she answers.

“Morning.” She sings and I can feel her smile.

“Morning,” I reply with no smile in my voice.

“Ella, what’s wrong babe?”

“Luke.” I whisper. “Can I come see you? I’m not far from you and I need you to drive my car back for me.”

“Sure, see you soon.” I snap my cell shut and it immediately rings again. The caller ID would normally make my heart melt, but right now, it’s making it burn.

“Hello.” I whisper.

“Ellie.” He says firmly. “I need to tell you something.”

“Let me save you the fucking bother, you and Jenna are back together, she’s in your apartment right now, and you left me in the middle of the freaking night for her. How about you tell me nothing. Don’t phone me; don’t even try come to my house, and sure as hell, you aren’t coming to England with us next week. Forever and always, my fucking ass.” With that, I snap the phone shut, and burst into tears.



Forever and fucking always.





 Fifteen





I spend the day with Jade, and Luke didn’t contact me at all. Not once.

My fault entirely because I told him not to.

Inside I desperately wanted to know the truth. I was hurt, no question about it, but I was also in love with him. Jade tried her hardest to take my mind off everything; she even took me to our local cafe for a coffee. I just couldn’t think of anything but him.

“...But then I realized she was only after him for his body!” Jade bursts out laughing and I smile gently at her. “Come on, Els, talk to me, babe, I’m so worried about you.”

“There is nothing to say, Jade, he doesn’t want me, and it’s the same fucking story I told you last week.” She gently strokes my arm and nods in acceptance.

“Maybe, Jenna has him in a position you can’t, excuse the pun, but she’s manipulative. She obviously wants him back.”

“He told me he loved me.” I whisper and Jade’s mouth opens in shock. She closes it again and looks back at me.

“Really?”

“Yes, he was so sweet when he did too, I thought I believed him, I really did.” I shake my head and sigh heavily. “He obviously doesn’t, otherwise he wouldn’t lie to me.”

“You don’t know what’s happened, Els, she could have been in trouble, he was just helping a friend?” She shrugged and took a long sip of her coffee.

“Yeah, but he left me in the night, no note, nothing. I was awake anyway, hence why I followed him. He whispered to me ‘I’m so sorry’ before he left me, making me more suspicious. I just.... I don’t know, Jade.” Her arms wrap around my shoulders as she stands behind me. Her chin is on my shoulder and she kisses my hair gently.

“I think he loves you, there are just too many unanswered questions that only he has the answers too. Go to him, Ella, find out why.”

“I can’t.”

“Yes, you can, just do it, you only live this life once, Els, and you know that better than anyone.” I smile at her and realize what I have to do.

“I miss you, Jade, you really are my best friend, and we need to meet up to discuss prom as well.” I smile at her and she sits back in her seat.

“Go get him.” She links her legs across themselves and winks at me.



******



I’m grateful for having my car back. I’ve been home and changed, straightened my hair into long straight locks, and put on a nice dress.

The drive to Luke’s was short; because I’d forgotten the code to the garage, I parked my car in a space across the street. Luckily, I had remembered the code to his penthouse. I gently get out of my car and breathe in slowly. Straightening my dress and feeling confident, I am ready to apologize and talk to Luke. I walk into the apartment lobby, nod at the concierge, and get into the elevator. I put in the code, and to my surprise, it’s correct and the elevator starts its ascent. As I exit the elevator the smell of the white calla lilies on the table make the small room smell amazing. I take in the scent and walk toward the front door. My heart’s pounding hard through my chest and I honestly think I might faint. I gently press the doorbell and I hear footsteps approach behind the door. I move out of the way of the peephole and giggle. He opens the door and I move over into his line of view. I have never seen color drain someone’s face so fast. He goes from his usual tan to ashen instantly. He is only in a pair of grey sweatpants hanging loosely at his hips. His 'V' defined to them, his speed bump abs.

“Ellie, what are you doing here?” Says Luke, his tone balancing on anger.

I snap my head up to look at him, confused by his outburst, I can feel the unbidden tears appear but I hold them back.

“I came to see you, talk to you.”

“Why? You made it perfectly clear what you wanted earlier.” His tone is so cold. He crosses his arms against his bare chest and leans against the doorframe.

“Luke, I just wanted to explain myself to you, and vice versa.” I pat down my dress and sway on my feet because of nerves, when I hear an unwelcome voice giggle from the other side of the door.

“Ella, go home.”

I can’t help it, the rejection, the wasted effort of looking nice for him, him holding Jenna’s hand, hearing her giggle. I hit his face hard across his cheek and he looks back at me in anger. His eyes red with pain, his arms held up against the door.

“Luke, what's going on?” As if on cue, Jenna appears in her underwear and walks to put her arm around Luke’s waist. He pushes her off and looks down at her.

“Why the fuck are you in your underwear, Jenna, go put something on!” He looks at her and she shrugs.

“Why are you complaining? You weren’t earlier.” Jenna’s voice is laced with destruction.

There it was, the bullet shot straight into my heart, the feeling of loss that pain that I had hidden before is back. I step back and Luke ushers Jenna inside and closes the door behind him.

“Ella, what did you expect?” He laughs gently, viciously.

This is not the man I know, this can’t be the man I know. My whimper hurts as my body starts to fall apart. “Never wanted you, never will. Just a bunch of lies. All lies.” He emphasizes on the last word and the tears are now stinging my eyes.

When the first tear falls, he barges towards me and holds me in his arms. “I didn’t sleep with her, baby, I just needed to see how you felt for me, please don’t cry, Ellie, I’m so sorry.” I push against his chest hard and put my head in my hands. A deep moan escapes from somewhere within me and I stop and look at the calla lilies in the glass vase.

Triggered.

Luke is watching my every move. I walk slowly toward the table and pick out a Lily. “So beautiful.” I whisper and pick up the vase. I throw it hard against the wall, watching the glass smash into a thousand tiny pieces.

“Ella, what are you doing? I was lying, okay? I just wanted to see how you really felt, if you meant what you said this morning.” His words are not entering my mind. I can't hear him. All I can hear is the voices.

And when the scars fade and you crave new ones. When the people that care no longer do. You look at yourself in the mirror; you’re a bad person for letting people in. Bad people deserve to be punished.

I bend slowly, pick up a shard of glass, and squeeze it, hard. I can’t feel it. I can’t feel anything. It shreds my skin fast.

Numb.

Luke is on me in a second.

“Ella, let go! Please, baby, let go of the glass.” The blood is falling hard and fast to the floor and my eyes are tight shut.

Everything is a blur.

Suddenly, I can feel warm lips against mine and I open my eyes through the tears. I gently open my hand and drop the blood stained glass to the floor. I cry against his mouth and he holds me close. My body is cold, my hands and my feet feel non-existent.

“This is my fault.” Luke whispers against my hair. “All my fucking fault.” He pulls me away gently and raises my right hand to investigate my wound. “Oh, Ellie, what have you done?” I look down at my hand and shake my head.

“I can’t feel it.” I whisper and pull my hand out of his grasp.

“You were lying?” I look up at him and search his green eyes.

“Yes, I was, and I’m so sorry, Ellie, please forgive me. I just wanted to know the truth and how you felt about me.”

“While Jenna is running around your apartment naked?”

“She’s not naked.”

“Oh, excuse me for not being precise. Half-naked.”

“Ella...” He breathes and holds me close again. The pain is now searing through my arm causing me to cry harder.

“My hand.” I murmur and he guides me toward the door and takes me into the apartment. I held my hand tightly against my blue dress and tried to stop the blood from falling mercilessly onto the floor. I don’t know what I was thinking. Luke sat me on the kitchen counter so he was at eye level with my wound. Where’s Jenna?

“Baby, put your hand in the sink behind you, lets clean the blood away.” I turn and rest my hand in the sink, ready for the water. Luke gently turns the tap on and I wince at the coldness. He turns it off quickly.

“Sorry, baby.” He puts it back on again gently and this time it’s warm. I rest my wound under the water for a while and let my hand regain some feeling. The bleeding seems to have stopped and Luke puts my hand back on my lap. He grabs a first aid box, a kitchen stool, and places himself in front of me. I open my legs so he could have better access to clean me up.

“This is number three.” I whisper.

“What is?”

“The amount of times you have had to clean me up.” I giggle gently but stop when he holds an antiseptic wipe to my hand. I squint my eyes shut and breathe in gently bracing myself for the sting.

“I don’t mean to hurt you, but this might hurt just a little.” I can barely feel it. The sting isn’t there. All I can feel is the fact that Jenna is here, and she’s naked. What has he done? She’s been here all night and all day. What have they done? I swallow hard and keep my eyes on my hand. His gentle strokes clean up the lapses of seeping blood and he gently bandages it. It wasn’t too deep so I wouldn’t need to go to the ER. When he finishes and secures it with tape, he kisses my palm. He sighs softly into my hand and looks up at me.

“God, Ella. What were you thinking?”

“You hurt me, I didn’t want to be reminded by tears, and it’s just what happens, Luke.” I shrug and drop my head. He stands and lifts my chin. He sweeps my hair from my face and cups it gently. He kisses me softly and pulls me into a hug.

“Why are you half naked?” I mumble into his chest.

“I was asleep when the doorbell rang.”

“Why were you asleep?”

“I was up all night.”

“Doing what?”

“Talking, listening, helping.”

“Oh.” I jump down off the counter and walk to the panoramic window. My city is so beautiful.

“You don’t have to tell me, Luke.” I shrug and feel his warm hands wrap around me from behind. I sigh against him and welcome his embrace.

“Yes, I do,” he mumbles into my hair. “She’s, Jenna...she’s been kicked out of her home.” He sighs.

“Why’s that your problem?” I stare down at my hand.

“Because she was there for me once, I had to return the favor.” I nod gently, and watch the cars below us.

“Why was she naked? Sorry, half naked?” I turn to face him and he grabs my good hand and leads me to the sofa. As I sit, I rest my legs over his and he gently strokes them up and down.

“She wants me back, but I don’t want her back. She wasn’t in her underwear earlier, she must have known it was you at the door, wanted to embarrass you or me?” He shrugs and traces the outline of my sandals. He gently undoes the clasps and drops one of them to the floor. He massages my foot gently and I moan under his expertise. He removes my other sandal and continues his process. Just as I begin to relax, Jenna walks in. She bends down next to Luke and kisses his cheek.

“Thanks, Luke, I’m going now, see you, Ella.” We watch her leave and I sigh and shake my head.

“What?” Luke whispers and looks at me, his head tilted to the side.

“She’s so perfect.” I whisper.

“What do you mean?”

“She’s beautiful, Luke, not messed up like me.” He lets go of my feet and pulls me onto his lap, his arms curled around my waist, and I’m nuzzled against his neck.

“You’re not messed up, Els, you’ve had a rough time, and we just need to be happy now, okay?”

“Why did you text her saying you would meet her?” He pulls me back gently to look into my eyes.

“I didn’t, that I don’t understand, I had my cell with me all day, apart from my hour at the gym before I came to you...”

His face develops into a frown as he tries to realize what this was, who it was that wants to ruin everything.

“Fuck, that must be it. Someone must have been in my locker at the gym.”

He pulls his cell out of his pocket and studies the text that was sent.

“Look, Els, look at the time-” he shows me the text and the time it was sent. “4:36pm, I was at the gym.” He sighs and shakes his head. “Who the-? And when?” I shrug, completely unaware of whom it could be.

Sarah...

“Luke...you don’t think it could have been Sarah?” He looks at me and shakes his head.

“I don’t think so, I know that only members can access the gym. Jenna’s a member, but I don’t think Sarah is.”

“Was Jenna at the gym when you were?”

“I don’t think so, I can’t remember. I just go into my own little world when I’m there, concentrate on what I’m doing.”

“Do you think, maybe, Jenna sent it to herself? I’m pretty sure someone is trying there hardest to split us up.”

“Why would she do that?”

I shrug and he pulls me back against his neck. I kiss it softly and gently bite his earlobe. He moans and I smile against his neck.

“You smell good.” I whisper.

“So do you, always so good.” I pull away gently and straddle his lap, being careful with my sore hand. I kiss him gently and let his hands run up and down my sides, pulling me closer and holding me tightly.

“Don’t leave me, Ellie, please.”

I look into his eyes and try to find why there is this sudden urge of desperation.

“Just promise me this right now, Luke, promise me. I love you, just promise me...tell me that you love me; too, that we can create this, we can be saved. We don’t have to say goodbye. That’s what I don't want. I don't want to say goodbye to you. I’ll lose you again after finding you, it may have taken me awhile, but I found you." He holds me closer and whispers into my hair.

“Ella...you are my whole being. Our souls have entwined and we can’t erase them. Even when we are away and apart from each other, we will still feel it. We have captured each other. We just had to find it. You, Ella, you are my sunshine, my only sunshine; you make me happy, when skies are grey. You’ll never know dear, how much I love you, so please don’t take my sunshine away.”

“You’re my sunshine, too.” I whisper and kiss him softly on the lips.





 Sixteen




“England is so cold!” I shiver under my large wooly coat, complete with hat and scarf. Even Manchester airport is cold.

“You know it is, bear, it always has been.” My dad drapes a large arm around me and pulls me close to him. I’ve always been ‘Bear’ to him and my mom, it just stuck as a nickname and I love it. Luke has gone to use the restroom and we are heading to baggage claim.

“I can’t believe it’s only 5am here and we have to stay awake all day.” I groan.

“Bear, you’ll be fine.” My dad and I are waiting for our luggage to arrive. My mom always puts a pretty ribbon on our suitcases so we know which is ours. We spot them and our entire luggage with pretty pink ribbons - including Luke’s - is on our luggage cart. I really do feel him before I see him. He comes up behind me, two large arms holding me around my waist, and his hands fastened at my stomach.

“Hi.” He whispers into my ear. I lean my head back and let him kiss my cheek.

“Hi. I love it when you whisper.”

“Why?”

“It’s sexy.” I shrug and look over at my mom, dad, and Holly, who are patiently waiting for us.

“Come on, I need to show you one of the best places in the world.” I pull on his hand to go join my family and walk out of the airport.

The car ride consisted of me chatting with my granddad from the back seat and Luke constantly skimming over my fingers, my palm, making my senses stand on end for the full hour and a half it took to get back to Oakworth. Oakworth is a village in West Yorkshire, which is where I was born. Next door is its sister village Haworth where the Bronte family - including the sisters, lived.

We pull up outside my nan and granddad’s house and I smile at the familiarity of home. Their cottage looks so small from the outside with its ivy falling around the windows and a bright red door with a lion doorknocker. But inside, it’s a completely different story. Their four-story cottage is unique and special. Me, Holly, and my cousins always had our own floor. It’s called the ‘Grandkids Quarters’ and means the world to me because every memory is still intact. I pull Luke into the house and Millie, my grandparents’ golden retriever, greets us. She barks at Luke but he pats her head and she obliges immediately.

“She doesn’t like men.” I say.

“Well, good job I like doggies then, isn’t it!” He kneels down to Millie's level and gives her strokes across her long golden body. I watch him with Millie and smile. She’s an old dog, I think she’s around 11 now. We take our shoes off and I guide him towards the living room. It smells just as I remember. It’s musky, like old cinnamon and grass, but I love it. The room is warm and inviting, strong sunbeams bouncing off the old pine floor. I wander into the kitchen, Millie at my side, as Luke takes a seat on the sofa.

“You ever had English tea?” I shout at Luke from the kitchen.

“Yeah, well ‘Twinning’s English Breakfast’. Why?”

“That’s not English tea! I mean a good old Yorkshire brew.” I mimic the Yorkshire accent and he laughs.

“Go for it. Where have your parents gone?”

“Upstairs most likely, unpacking. Holly’s already out. She’s probably gone to my cousins.” Just as I say that, my granddad comes in from the garden and I appear in the living room with a teapot full of Yorkshire tea.

“Ooo, well done our kid, a good ol’ brew for your granddad.” I watch Luke’s reaction as my granddad speaks in his strong Yorkshire accent. I laugh and take a seat on the chair opposite.

“So then, Isabella, how is life for you?” my granddad asks, taking a swig of his tea.

“Isabella?” Luke asks confused and looks over at me and I smile a grin.

“Yes, my name is Isabella.”

My granddad looks at Luke and laughs.

“You never told him your name, pet?”

“No, it never really came up in conversation.”

“It’s beautiful.” Luke smiles over at me. Millie barks at someone out the window and we all look over.

“Millie, calm down!” My granddad yells and stands to his feet slowly, looking out the window. “Daft old thing, she’ll bark at a bloody leaf falling.” I laugh and smile at Luke, who seems to be enjoying his tea. “So then, Izzy, what are you doing with yourself?” My granddad repeats and takes his seat.

“Just finished my senior year at school. Going to Los Angeles for college.” I smile at my granddad and he nods his head.

“I don’t understand all that American school business. Grades and what not. It’s all about what year you’re in over here.”

“I know, Granddad, I have prom next week, a few days after we leave here, and then it’s college for four years.”

“You must come and visit, pet, we do miss you.”

“Of course I'll come.” We sit in silence for a few seconds before my granddad shuffles in his seat and turns towards Luke.

“Well then, son, you’re a strapping young lad aint ya, you better be looking after our Izzy.” Luke smiles at me and turns back to face granddad.

“Sir, I love her, she’s everything to me right now.”

“Good.” His blunt response makes me giggle; I look at Luke and mouth ‘I love you’ to him and smile.

“I’m going to take Luke for a walk around Granddad, we need to take our mind off of sleeping.”

“Of course, Iz, off you go.” He puts his feet up and opens up the 'Daily Express.'



******



“You might need wellies for where we are going.” I mutter to Luke as he is fastening his coat. I watch him struggle with the zipper before I give him a hand. I zip it up slowly for him and pat his chest.

“Wellies?”

“Yes wellies, they go on your feet.”

“Oh, I don’t think I have any with me.” He groans and I pull on his scarf so he is flushed up against me.

I look up into his eyes and smile.

“You can borrow my granddads, I’m sure he won’t mind.” I whisper at Luke and wink. He leans down and gently kisses my mouth.

“I didn’t know you were an Isabella.” He frowns and I trace the frown line with my finger and smile at him.

“You never asked me and I was happy you didn't know.” He looks sad and makes me feel guilty, just for a second before his warming smile makes me relax.

"I really do love you. This feels crazy."

"I know, baby, I love you, too."



******



We walk for what feels like an hour, his fingers laced with mine. Both of us suffering from red noses and pink cheeks. I've taken him to a little place I used to go to with my friends. It's an isolated hill overlooking a very scenic countryside. We step gently through the grass and he grabs me when I nearly slip. He laughs and I hit his arm gently and pout. We carry on walking just a little further until we are at the top of the hill. Our breaths are visible in the cold air, our lungs filling with the cold. I watch it as I huddle closer to him. The view is as beautiful as I remember. It may be cold, but the sky is a bright blue.

The field opposite is filled with fluffy white sheep, and next to them, a lot of cows.

"I never really see that back home, it's so lovely seeing living things outside. They're so pretty!" I smile and Luke laughs.

"They look like little balls of fluff."

I turn to look at him. "Cute balls of fluff?"

"Yes, baby, cute balls of fluff."

"Am I cute?" I ask, my head tilted playfully to the side. He smiles and traces his cold fingers down my cheeks.

"So, so cute, Isabella." I blush, the heat causing my cheeks to go even brighter red.

"I don't like Isabella." I whisper.

"It's a beautiful name for a beautiful girl, but luckily for you, you're my, Ellie." He smiles and kisses me softly. It's welcoming to have his warm mouth on me, warming me deep inside.

"Ella, I'm so sorry about last week, Jenna, Sarah, everything," he sighs.

"You have nothing to apologize for, Luke. I'm okay, I promise."

"I trust you." He holds me in his strong arms, we both feel bigger because of the extra clothing, but he feels like a warm soft teddy bear. I pull him closer to me and I rest my head on his chest. We just stand, holding each other in the cold May wind, the bitterness causing my face to go numb. But I don't care. I'm in his arms; he's here with me, when he really didn't have to be. He's here, with my family, bonding. We have one more week together when we get back. We have prom to look forward to. They say people can change, just because another beating heart has helped you. Each of us with our beating hearts, holding on to that other beating heart, just to survive. The love of that other person causes such a lust for life, such a desire that it can change everything. In a heartbeat. Luke has changed my life; my heart now beats purely for him. For us. I'm going to lose him. That's inevitable. It's not going to change. I'm going to Los Angeles, but we have to make it work. Luke pulls my chin up; away from the shard of grass I was focusing on and gently kisses my lips.

"Stop worrying, Els, it'll be fine." I take that reassurance and hold him tighter, the only feeling taking me over is that of him and his sweet butterfly kisses. "You are my sunshine, baby, always and forever."





 Seventeen





We all huddle in front of the open fire - all of us together on the two four-seater sofas. I watch the soft orange waves weave in and out of each other. Each crack and bang makes Millie jump and me giggle. Luke's arm is draped around me while he contently watches tonight’s episode of EastEnders. Kat did something to Alfie, but I really didn't care, I just loved the accents. Luke's hand is laced with my hand, his soft fingers playing amongst mine, and I feel sated for the first time in years. Loved. I look around and see that my grandma is fast asleep with her head against the back of the sofa. I laugh to myself, my granddad notices and shakes his head, but softly puts a pillow behind her head. On the other sofa, my parents are sitting together with Holly on the left. My dad's arm is draped across my mom's shoulders, his fingers gently caressing her shoulder and frequently playing with a strand of loose soft hair. Their love beams off them like a radar. They have been in love for over twenty-six years and I worship their love. It's powerful, each of them a drug to each other, living each day together, and not focusing on the bad stuff. They live off each other. Their entire existence is just for each other. I want that with Luke. I look up at him and smile softly, just watching him. He notices and smiles back at me, his right hand coming round to stroke my cheek softly.

"I would kiss you, Els, but your family is all around me." He whispers into my ear and winks at me. I nudge his shoulder and he smirks.

We are all full after a huge dinner of a classic British roast. Our plates were filled with Yorkshire puddings, roast beef, carrot and swede, and my favorite, parsnips. My granddad remembered that I liked them burnt and left mine in the oven for longer. Luke enjoyed every single morsel that passed his lips and continuously thanked my grandparents for letting him into their home. Today had been amazing, just sitting with my family, reunited with them, listening to stories.



******



Holly had met up in the local town with her old friends from when we used to come here every summer. I am now sitting with her in the old games room, which is now a bedroom, and she’s telling me about her day.

"Alex was there today, Ella. He asked about you."

I look up at her and gently shake my head. I wrap my fingers around my teddy bear and bring him close to my chest, my knees crossed beneath me.

"I can't go there, and Luke's here with me." I sigh.

"I know that, but maybe you could just say hello? You left the boy in love with you."

"He didn't love me; he slept with Jessica the night before we left last time. He doesn't love me." She looks at me, startled I think, and slightly shuffles her legs from beneath her.

"He didn't sleep with Jessica." She states firmly. I look up to meet her bright blue gaze and I can feel tears building for no specific reason so I shake them away.

"He did, he told me he did, and he wrecked it. Not me." I wipe my eyes with the sleeve of my grey hoody and sniff slightly.

"He didn't sleep with Jessica, Ella. Open your eyes!" I can't drop my gaze from hers. Alex was a summer romance from three years ago. I was fifteen, young and needy. It was a massive time for me, my depression at an all-time high. He was two years older than me. He told me once that he loved me, that I was all he ever needed. I can't have this coming up right now. Luke thinks that he’s the only serious boyfriend I've ever had.

"My eyes were wide open and my ears too - the night he told me. I don't want to listen to it anymore." I stated and moved to leave. Holly grabbed my arm and pulled me back down to the floor.

"Wait, Ella. I know you have Luke now. He is your life, as you are his. But, you need to speak to Alex. He's home from his university for a few days and he begged me to get you to see him. Maybe go to Haworth for a drink? I'll keep Luke entertained."

"I'm not lying to him, Holly. I won't lie to him." She looks at me and nods her head.

"Well, it's not my problem if he arrives unannounced. I told him you wouldn't care. I didn't tell him about Luke though."

I sigh loudly and scoff slightly.

"What the fuck do I say to Luke?

"He still is technically your friend, Alex was just a summer romance right?"

"Right.”

"Exactly, all you ever did was kiss him, right?"

"Right, except-"

"Except what?”

"I told Alex I loved him. That I'd come back for him, that I'd be his forever, fuck." I sigh.

"Els, you have Luke. The past doesn't matter. All that matters is the future, what's going to happen? Which road are you and Luke going to take? You love each other properly, not like the summer romance with Alex. He just still loves you, even now." She places her hand on my arm and smiles softly. "Just go and say hello. I'm sure that Luke won't mind."

I kiss her on her forehead, whisper goodnight, and pad down the long hall to the room I'm staying in.

I gently open the door, which creaks loudly anyway, and frown.

"Stupid door." I mutter, and lay on the comfy bed that I am so ready for. Everyone is already asleep, and I'm sure Luke will be asleep in the room that my granddad sorted for him. They're very old fashioned when it comes to a boy sleeping in my childhood bed. I look up at the ceiling and contemplate. I can't go see Alex; it will make life so hard. He was in love with me, this I knew far too well. His endless phone calls for two years showed that. We spent the summer of 2004 making out, making cakes with my nana, and running around the village like idiots. He used to drive me to romantic places and tell me how he felt, but all the words went through me and I never heard them. All I could ever hear was how pathetic I was, how life was never meant to be for me. That I needed to die. All my scars were still wounds back then, nothing was there as a memory, it was still very fresh, and every night a new one would appear. I shudder at the memory, and being apart from Luke right now makes me feel cold. We have spent every night together since I cut my hand. Which still hurts like hell. I hold it above me and look at it in the moonlight. Please don't scar. It will just remind me of us, that fight. When it happens all that I think is that I need to feel the pain of it, what really hurts. And shit, I felt it. My phone vibrates gently next to me and I flip it open to have a look. It's Luke.

*So cold without you. *

I smile and reply.

*Me too, love you x*

I put the phone back on the side and put on a bathrobe to keep me warm. I open my creaky door again cursing under my breath and walk to the room where Luke is sleeping. I walk down the long corridor and bump into someone, so I look up.

"Hello, baby." He whispers, pulls me close, and I sink against him.

"I was coming to see you." I whisper, as to not wake anyone.

"Me, too, let’s go back to your room." We pad along gently, I let him in and he laughs when I again, get angry at the door. I shut it gently and he sits on the edge of the bed. He looks around the room and flops back on my bed, his feet dangling over the end. I sit down next to him and smile. The moonlight floating through my window gives us sufficient light to see each other.

"I came to give you a cuddle." He mutters and pulls my arm so I'm on top of him. I giggle and he strokes my head. My ear is in line with his heart and I just love its sound. His life flowing through him makes me smile.

"Luke, I need to talk to you about something." He sits up onto his elbows and I move off him gently.

"Oh, what's up?" He smiles at me and tucks a piece of hair behind my ear. I sigh and drop my head. "Ella?"

"You remember Holly mentioned someone called Alex?" He nods in agreement and I swallow loudly to try get rid of the lodged lump in my throat. "Well, when Holly went to town today, he was there. He wants to see me."

"Oh." He frowns and looks at me tightly.

"What do you want, Els?"

"I don't know, I don't really want to see him, but I do, he was there for me at a harsh time."

"Fine." He mutters and I watch him breathe in deeply. "I can't be prejudiced, Ellie, especially with what you have put up with, with Jenna and such." I nod with agreement. He grabs my bad hand and gently kisses my healing wound. "Did you love him?" He asks, still looking at my wound, his fingers gently holding my hand.

"No." I whisper too quietly. He looks up at me and nods.

"Are you sure?" I frown at him and I can see he is serious.

"I'm sure." He looks up at me and pulls me closer, his hands cup my jaw, his fingers in my hair.

"Good. You are mine, my Ellie, my life. He isn't for you. I am for you. You love me, you fit me perfectly in more ways than one." He winks and I blush. "You are my forever and my always. My sunshine, my Isabella." He kisses me softly and I feel the shivers rush through my body. The butterflies escape and make me feel such a deep connection just through our contact.

He notices and gently lays me back on the bed, both of us not letting go. He smiles against my mouth and pulls away to kiss my nose gently.

"I bet he never kissed you like that. I bet he never held you like this-" His hands hold me, either side of my waist and he gently caresses underneath my bathrobe. "I bet he never made your body respond like this, your back arching at my touch, your body shaking with my kiss." He unties the bathrobe, kisses my stomach softly, and I whimper under his lips. "I bet he never kissed you here." He kisses just above my sweatpants and gently swipes his tongue along the waistband. He leans up and pushes my tank top further up my body. "I bet he never kissed you here." He kisses just under my breast. He pushes it up further and reveals my naked breasts to him. "I bet he never did this…" His tongue slowly circles my nipple making me moan deeply.

"I bet he never made this path…" He kisses me from my breast, across my collarbone and up to my neck. "I bet he never knew you would suffer under this kiss, when I press here…" He kisses under my earlobe and I giggle softly. "That you laugh gently." He moves to my mouth and kisses me with soft kisses, which feel likes gifts constantly against my mouth. When his tongue meets mine, it's like electricity. The feel of him in my mouth, kissing me like this, reminds me of whom he is, how much he loves me. He gently pulls away, his mouth millimeters from mine. "I love you, Els, you are mine, okay?" I nod and pull him back to me.

I kiss him softly and push him onto his back. I am straddling his hips while his hands run up and down my sides, feeling me, invading me. I take his hands and pin them either side of him.

"No touching, baby." I whisper and he nods.

"You're so fucking sexy -"

"Shhhh." I whisper, putting my finger to his mouth. "Remember this, when we are apart, that only I can do this to you." I release his hands gently and pull his shirt over his head. He relaxes back down and I look at him. His defined and toned muscles aching for my touch. I trace my index finger down his sternum to his happy trail. I stop at his waistband and shift back gently. His defined 'V' makes my mouth water. I know where that 'V' leads. I smile and copy his motions.

"Remember me, that I can do this, with this mouth…" I sweep my tongue along his waistband, he gently moans and it makes my body respond. I gently kiss up to his navel, my cold fingers are on either side of his pelvis, tickling and I watch his body move when the nerves are touched. I gently kiss where he reacted and he does it again. "Remember me, and how I made you do this…" I put my hand over his erection and he moans. "Remember me, when I made you feel this way, this hard, just for me…" He groans when I release my fingers and he is still looking at me, desperate to touch me.

“Remember." I mutter between kisses. “Me. When. Someone. Wants. You.” When I reach his neck I gently bite him and he pushes me over and his body shadows mine. He just stares at me for a second and his lips push against mine. His tongue fights against mine. My hands are on his strong back, my nails digging into his flesh.

"God, Ella. We can't, not here." He rocks his erection against my core and I moan into his mouth.

"You’d better stop then." I whisper against his lips.

"You're amazing, baby." He whispers and softly kisses me. I sigh and he holds me against his chest. I fall asleep in his arms and it's home to me. It's me and him, forever and always.

******



The early dawn light shines through the bedroom window and wakes me. The heat of his body next to me makes me turn gently so I'm facing him. He is facing the other way and I watch his beautiful back go up and down as his lungs breathe in and out. I lightly feather trace my index finger across his shoulder blades, his skin perfectly flawless, shimmering in the dawn’s sunlight. I follow the line of his spine with my finger and trace the waistline of his sweatpants and reverse the trail. I lean over so I'm closer and gently bite his earlobe.

"Morning, beautiful." I whisper as he stirs. He turns over to face me. He opens his eyes and my blood pulses much harder through my veins. Such beauty overwhelms me, captures me. His gentle green eyes melt into mine and he pulls me closer so his body is flushed with mine.

"Morning, Ellie, you're so beautiful, baby." I blush and look away. He tilts my chin up and captures my mouth, neither of us caring about morning breath. He takes over, possessing me with his tongue. Soon his body is over me, pressing me into the mattress, and we are consumed together in a tight bond that nobody could ever break. He pulls away softly and looks deeply into me.

"I wished for you, Ellie, I wished you into my life and you appeared in your black hoody and jeans that hugged your delectable body. You stumbling into me that day was the best thing in my whole entire life. You have changed me so much. All my innocence is back when I'm with you. You've created such happiness in me that I thought was dead. Don't leave me, baby." I lean up and gently trace his bottom lip with my thumb. He kisses the pad gently and I smile up at him.

"Never." I whisper and his passion is released upon me once more. "Luke," I murmur. He pulls away softly and I cup his face. "Don't you ever stop kissing me that way, don't stop needing me, wanting me exactly the way you do." I can feel tears softly building up and he smiles and leans his head to the side to kiss my palm.

"Never." He whispers and I let him collapse on top of me. He rolls over and looks over at me. We are both on our sides, staring at each other.

"Without you, Luke, I wouldn't be. Because you are my star. You're the star that keeps my night shining bright. So don't ever leave me, because stars can't shine without darkness, and I don't want the dark anymore. I want you, every day." He leans over and gently kisses my nose.

"I'll take care of you," he whispers.



******



For the next few days we explore my childhood memories. My nan let me try to drive her car, much to Luke's amusement. He did it much better than me, obviously. We laughed with each other, spent minutes holding each other. We went to town with my mom, looking around the English shops. Our hands laced together the whole time. What I loved about this was that Luke only turned his cell on at night to talk to his mom, and every night he sneaked into my room and held me until we fell asleep. We have one day left and I have made plans to meet with Alex. I haven't told Luke. It's probably going to end much worse than intended, but Alex practically begged me over the phone. He called my nan's home phone and intruded on family dinner. Holly had lied and said it was my old best friend Jessica. I don't want to ruin what we have right now. Luke's spending the day with my dad and granddad tomorrow. Something about 'Man stuff.'

I ached and woke to an empty bed and coffee on the side. I smiled and took a lingering sip. It's freezing cold. How long have I been asleep? I smile and sit up to stretch. I jump up, put on my slippers and bathrobe, and head downstairs. I smell breakfast and take a much needed inhale of bacon. That smell is just beautiful. When I reach the kitchen it's empty. I frown at whoever has eaten bacon and not involved me. I traipse into the living room and Luke is sitting on the sofa, flicking through some random TV shows. He looks up at me and smiles.

"Good morning, beautiful." He murmurs, lifting up his bacon sandwich and taking a bite. I squint my eyes and then open them wide. It's as if he knows what I’m thinking and he immediately jumps to his feet. "Hell no, Els, this is mine!" He laughs and I slowly walk toward him. "You should have been up earlier!" I gently smile that turns into a grin and he frowns at me. "Ella, no, it's mine!" Why is he so protective over a bacon sandwich?

"What's so good about it?" I ask, my head tilted to the side. He takes a bite and watches my reaction.

"Well, it's perfect, the ketchup is perfect, and the bread is perfect." He smiles at me between mouthfuls and I give up and sit on the sofa. I pout, sit, and watch some chat show with some guy called Jeremy Kyle. I caught my granddad watching it yesterday and he called him 'Jezza.' Luke pads over to me in bare feet and squats in front of me, his hands on my knees. He looks up at me and smiles. He puts half of his sandwich in front of me.

"For you, baby." I smile and look down at him and he hugs my knees. "I can't not share this with you, Ellie." I smile, and grab the sandwich.

"Are you sure?" I ask holding it to my mouth.

"Yes." He whispers and resumes his seat on the couch next to me. I moan into my first bite and Luke nudges my shoulder. "I said you could have it, not make those noises, they do things to me." I snap up to look at him and he smiles down at me. "I haven't had you for five days, Ella, I miss that connection with you." I smile into my sandwich and eat it quietly.

"Where is everyone?" I ask after I've finished my sandwich. Luke's arms are around me while we watch Jeremy Kyle.

"Your mom has gone to town with Holly, and your gran, dad, and granddad are in the back sorting something out. What are you doing today, baby?"

"I told you, I'm meeting an old friend in town."

Why did I just say that? What is wrong with me?

"Oh yeah, sure, who was it again?"

"Her names Jessica, I've known her for years." I throw him a reassuring smile and he softly presses his lips against mine. He holds me until it is time to get ready and I'm grateful he is leaving before me.

I wave them off from the front door, softly sigh, and shake my head when my granddad’s car speeds out of my view. What are you doing Ella? I pull on my converse that are next to the door and pull out my cell. I text Alex and wait for him to arrive. I sit at the window next to Millie watching the regular neighbors pass the house. I softly and gently stroke her head, my fingers stopping on her soft ears and caressing them. When Alex's car pulls up outside, she jumps up and I smile at her. I watch as he leaves his car. His hair is different, he is different. When I knew him he was a thin, lonely boy. Now, this person walking towards the house is definitely a man.

His hair is short and styled into messy spikes on his head. His loose jeans hang from his hips and his white tee rests gently above his belt, which has a falcon or some bird on the long oval shape. He has a casual bracelet on; it looks like it's made from rope or something. I never really understood the English fashion. When he reaches the front door I feel my heart jump to my throat. Why do I feel like this? I hear the door knocker sound quietly and Millie leaps to attention and runs to the front door. She stands barking at it like a lunatic and I calm her down. She sits quietly behind me when I open the door. Whoa. His piercing bright blue eyes find me immediately and I remember everything about us. Our first kiss, our hands laced together, reaching second base, cuddling in his car, kissing in the rain.

"Hi." He whispers in his broad Yorkshire accent.

"Hi," I manage. He smiles at me, his hands tucked into his jean pockets.

"You look, well, amazing, Els, you've grown up so well." I watch him invade my body with his eyes and scowl at him when they linger on my chest. My top is pretty low cut. "Sorry." He murmurs. "Let’s go hey? We have some catching up to do." With that, I follow him into his little Ford focus and he drives me away and into a lie.

The cafe is small and the aroma of coffee captures my senses immediately. God, it smells so good. Once Alex orders, I sit down on a comfy red chair and sip my cappuccino - it has a cute chocolate coffee bean shape on top.

"This place is amazing, Alex! This coffee is just to die for." I take another big sip, empty another sugar packet into the mug, and stir away my coffee bean.

"It's called 'Costa Coffee' but it's more like 'Costa packet'!" He smiles at me and I laugh.

"Was it expensive then?"

"Not for you, Els." He gives me a warm smile and I gently smile back. I feel like a betrayer. A liar. Luke did say it was okay to go see Alex but I had still lied and said I was meeting an old friend. What does that say? Fucking shit.

"Soooooo…Ella." Alex takes a long drink of his cappuccino; his tongue cleans his upper lip of froth and puts the mug back on its small serving plate. "How are you? Life? Everything?"

"I'm good." I say with a small smile. "I have college in three weeks, I'm going to Los Angeles." I take a long drink of my coffee. "You?"

"That's amazing, Ella. So happy for you and that you got where you wanted. That writers program is there, right?" I smile at him just because he remembered something so stupid that I wanted to do at that point, in this point of my life.

"Yeah." I say through a smile. "You remembered." He smiles at me and shakes his head.

"I'll always remember, Ella."

Ergh.

A pang of guilt hits me square on in the stomach. I left him here, I broke his heart. He fell in love with me. I watched him do it. I watched all the gentle touches, the finger playing, the small forehead kisses. I knew it. But I still chose to leave it.

"I'm so sorry, Alex. For everything I did." I bow my head and try to look away. He comes and sits on the chair next to me. His warm hand touches mine and he tilts my chin up to meet his ocean blue eyes.

"Don't apologize, babe. We had something, nobody could ever deny that. But it doesn't matter now. It was three years ago. It changed my life, but I know for a fact it didn't have any impact on yours." He kisses me sweetly on the cheek and resumes his seat.

Alex and I spent the whole day looking in shops and it consisted of me trying on hideous clothes just to make him laugh. We talked for such a long time about what that summer meant to us both. How it did, in some ways, make me a little bit more confident. But nothing like Luke does. Nothing. He dropped me home in plenty of time, and when I got back nobody was in. So I got dressed into my pajamas, and watched American teen shows on 'E4.'





 Eighteen





Stop touching my shoulder. Stop touching my cheek. Stop touching me.

I stifle a moan and open my eyes. Luke's green eyes look intently into mine, which are squinted from the sunlight. He strokes my cheek and smiles at me.

"Hey, sleepyhead." He whispers and kisses my forehead. I sit up slowly and stretch my arms above my head, making a satisfactory moan. I look at the couch and frown. I hate sleeping somewhere uncomfortable.

"What time is it?" I say, rubbing my eyes so they wake up a little more.

"Like, four in the afternoon." Luke laughs and lifts me up out of the chair and wraps his arms around my waist. I automatically wrap my hands around his neck; it does literally stretch the whole of my arms out to reach. I look him up and down and glare at him in disgust.

"Ergh, Luke! You stink!" I try to get free from his grasp, but he just holds me harder.

"You know you love it." I turn, so my back is to him, and his hands are holding me at my stomach. I sag against them, because he is just too strong for me, and sigh. He pulls me back and holds me against him. He bends down so his mouth is next to my ear and breathes in.

"You're too fucking beautiful."

I groan under his words and his lips gently press to my neck. I let his arms loosen a little and I wriggle free.

"You smell like fish!" I shout and run to the other side of the room. He grins at me and walks slowly across the laminate floor. I run to the left so I am behind the sofa.

"You playing hard to get, baby?" He leans against the table and crosses his arms.

"Maybe." I whisper and shrug. He nods and moves away from the table.

"Just remember, beautiful, you're the one that's ticklish." He smirks and launches toward me. I run to the right and then to the left as he comes at me from each side. Millie jumps to attention from her snooze in front of the open fire and starts barking at us. My laughter is so natural it scares me. I haven't laughed for real in so long.

"We could go all day, baby." He laughs and tilts his head to the side.

Oh god, he's just so dreamy. He launches for me again and this time we end up running around the sofa like idiots. My giggles are ferocious and welcome. I'm out of breath when we are back to square one.

"What now?" I ask, lifting my arms and dropping them to my sides. He climbs onto the sofa and grabs my wrists. I didn't see that coming.

"Trapped," he mouths and my smile fades fast. He pulls on my wrists and they come with me over the sofa and into Luke's lap. He still has hold of my wrists and pulls me under him gently. He lowers his head so that his mouth is inches from mine. My breathing is fast because of the running but my heart is beating so fast for a whole other reason.

"You're trembling." He whispers and I nod slowly. "I love that your heart beats like that for me, baby, me too." He lets go of my right wrist and presses my hand to his heart. It really is beating just as fast as mine. "God, Ella-" he lets go of my other wrist and presses his soft lips to mine.

Soft sweet kisses turn violent and needy. His tongue sweeps my bottom lip for entrance and I comply. As his tongue hits mine, the electricity and burst of butterflies makes my blood run faster than usual, causing my heart to race even faster. The feel of his kiss makes everything clear. It makes everything worth it. He pulls away gently and rests his forehead against mine. He looks down at me and his eyes look funny, but he looks at me so intense, like he can see right through me.

"Ella," he whispers. "Don't you ever stop, not ever, loving me. It's me and you, forever and always, okay? Don't you dare. Not ever." I smile at him and push my hands into his hair and his lips crash against mine. I smile beneath the kiss.

"Never." I whisper. He sits up abruptly and pulls me up, so that my head is against his chest, as he is still straddling me.

"So…I think someone lost." He smiles at me and I scream as his fingers invade my sides, running up and down, tickling me hard. I fall beneath him and he doesn't stop as my giggles and screams fight with me. I stop writhing once my muscles ache and can't take it anymore. He smiles at me and leans down, his hair tickling my forehead slightly. He kisses me soundly and gets up. He holds a hand out to me and pulls me to my feet.

"Shower." He mutters. "Someone says I smell." He lets go, walks out of the room, and up the stairs.



******



"That airplane ride was too long!" Holly moans as we land at Charlotte International Airport. I have Holly to my right and Luke to my left, he begged for the window seat. My head is leant back against the uncomfortable chair and my legs stretched as far forward as they can go.

"Coach isn't too bad." I mumble through a yawn. Luke nudges me hard in my ribs and I wince.

"Ow! That hurt!" I shout and punch his arm.

"Coach is definitely bad. I miss my first class." He pouts and turns to face me.

"You're definitely too cute." I push his cheeks together so he makes a squished up face and giggle at him. He puts his hand on my thigh and gently moves it higher to territorial ground.

"Luke!" I whisper into his ear. "Holly's right there!"

"And?" He whispers back, a smirk across his lips. I pick up his hand, move it back to his own thigh, and gently graze my fingers across his groin. I feel him shudder and move my hand back to my lap.

"Bitch." He mutters under his breath, and I laugh.





******



"Breakfast?" Luke's holding out his hand to me as we park outside my house. I take his hand and his fingers lace mine.

"Luke." I whisper too quietly. "I lied to you."

"Ella, what the hell do you mean? Lied to me about what?"

I swallow, hard trying to find the words. This is such a big deal, I know it is. I promised myself from day one I wouldn't do this, I wouldn't lie.

"I, um-"

"Spit it out, Ella." He snarls, and releases my hand. Definitely a bad sign.

"I lied to you. The day you went fishing with my granddad and my dad, I, um, I met Alex."

He looks at me and then straight ahead. He bows his head and his fingers curl around the steering wheel.

"Why?"

"I don't know. I'm sorry."

"I told you it was fine that you went to meet him. I said it was okay. Why lie to me about it? God, Ella, why fucking lie?" He turns to look at me and I stare at my fingers in my lap. I feel the tears build inside me. His tone is one I don't know. I've hurt him.

"I really don't know. I'm sorry. I guess I’m, I don’t know. Maybe I’m just so scared of losing you."

"You can be sorry all you fucking want; it still doesn't change the fact that you lied to me. Scared of losing me? Clearly you aren’t otherwise you wouldn’t have lied." He hits the steering wheel hard and turns to face me. "What happened? You wouldn't lie unless something happened. You sleep with him?"

I look at him shocked and the tears arrive. "God, Luke, no, nothing like that." I go to touch his hand and he pulls it hard away from me.

"It’s funny; even now you're lying to me. Get out of my fucking car right now."

"What?" I mutter, barely a whisper.

"Car. Get. Out. FUCKING NOW." He screams at me, I unlock the door, and slam it shut.

"FUCK YOU!" I scream as he pulls away, his tires are spinning so fast that smoke appears. I turn and kick the wall behind me hard, "Fuck, fuck, fuck!" I fall to the ground and pull my knees up to my chest. The tears fall hard down my cheeks, I feel such numbness and I can barely breathe. What have I done?

I pull out my cell and dial Luke's phone.

No answer.

I jump to my feet, pull out my car keys from my pocket, and jump into my Mustang. He needs to know the truth. Nothing happened. Nothing happened. I put the keys in the ignition, turn, and nothing happens.

"FUCK!" I scream and try again. I bash my hands against the steering wheel and cry into my hands. I try once more and it starts. I sit up and reverse out of my driveway. I apologize mentally to my Mustang and drive through Charlotte.

Luke isn't home when I reach the foyer of his penthouse at the Madison. The glass vase has been replaced though. I look at the bright yellow flowers that now accompany the vase. They're so pretty. I sit on the white couch in his foyer and write him a letter.



Dear Luke.

There are things in life that are inevitable. I am powerless to control them, the sun will rise, the tide will come in and out, and the seasons will change.

The birds will fly south and a caterpillar will change into a butterfly. Somehow, I feel reassured by this because many other things in life are so peaceful.

Luke, from the moment we met I knew this would develop into something beautiful, just as I am sure the caterpillar will one day be a butterfly. Without you, my life would be empty of all inspiration. There will be no work of art for me to gaze at, no person of greatness before me, no melody to listen to. My life will only exist in shades of grey instead of vibrant colors and I will be less than whole.

In the past, my innermost feelings have remained locked away in my heart. No more though, through this letter Luke; I proclaim my love and devotion to you - and you only.

Forever and Always.

Your Ellie.



I fold it up and write Luke on the side. And then I wait…

And wait.

And wait.

And wait.

I check my cell when I realize I have been sitting here for such a long time. 10:30pm. What? I lay down on the sofa and think; try to feel anything that can take my mind off the way he was when he told me to get out. That hurt and anger on his face, I had caused that, I caused the pain. Me. Me. Me. I'm such a fucking let down, such a lie. I knew I would fuck this up somehow, fuck us up. I know I wouldn't feel this pain unless I loved him. I do, of course I do. I don't know why he thinks that I would have cheated on him. I'm not that obtuse am I? I'm not that pathetic. He doesn't trust me.

That, well that hurts. I have given him every right not to trust me. To hate me. I gave him that. I sit upright and put my head in my hands. I yawn and stand up. I can't wait here anymore. As I travel down in the elevator, I pull my keys from my jeans.

The elevator pings as it reaches the bottom and the doors open. I cross the threshold of the Madison's lobby and smile at Clive, the regular security guard. He smiles back and gives me a small wave.

It's raining.

But, wait… that's, that's Luke's car. I leave the building and walk towards the black Mercedes. The windows are steamed up. I can't see inside. Is he hurt? Is he okay? I run over to the driver’s door, the rain crashing down onto my body. I look over to my Mustang and groan. Great, the roofs down. I knock sheepishly on the driver’s window and wait. The window begins its descent and I cringe at what could happen. He told me to leave a few hours ago. Hell, 14 hours ago. When his green eyes come into view, all the memories from the past few weeks flood my mind. Kisses, making love, rain.

Who's that? Who is that?

Someone is sitting next to him, but I can't see them.

"Yes?" He asks sarcastically.

"Um, hi." I manage. He shakes his head in exasperation and it makes me angry. "I waited for you." I am now shivering so hard from the cold it makes my body ache.

"And?" He asks.

"Hey, Ella." That voice. She leans forward and I step back. I can't catch my breath, it's disappeared. I don't know where it is; it's just left my body in a rush. She faked her voice? But, why? It WAS her the night I was attacked. I fucking knew it!

"Sarah…" I whisper and she smiles at me. Luke rolls his eyes at us and sits back.

"Ella, go home. It's freezing out and I can't deal with your drama right now."

You know what, that's fucking it.

"Luke, get out of the car."

"What? No." He shakes his head and shrugs at me.

"If you ever loved me at all, you will get out of the car." I say through clenched teeth. I pull on his door handle and it opens.

"Get out." I shout. He sighs, unbolts his seatbelt, and steps out.

"Sarah, stay there." He mutters to her.

"Yes, Sarah darling, please stay there." I say at her sarcastically. She rolls her eyes and crosses her arms.

"What do you want, Ella?" Luke asks as he slams the door shut.

"Well, state the fucking obvious, Luke, but I think, I'm not sure, that I want you." Sarah giggles and it just makes my blood pump harder.

"Shame really, Ella. Shouldn't have lied to me. I don’t do liars." He snarls at me.

“You know what, Luke, screw you. Screw everything. I have had to deal with ten times more shit from you, Jenna, Sarah. Anymore for me to find out about? Alex and I went through tough times together. He helped me when my wounds bled; he held tissue and Band-Aids to me when I felt so low that I wanted to kill myself. I wanted to hurt. To die.

“He saved me at a time when you and your lovely little friends decided they wanted to make my life a living fucking hell! He helped me through the violent words. He phoned me every night from England; it must have cost a fucking fortune. But, when I went to meet him, it was for his closure and for mine. To put us both on the same level. He fell in love with me. He loved me. I never ever felt that for him. I told you this. You are the one that tells me to never let go, to hold on to us.

“Yet, there I was being honest with you. Telling you that I had one cup of coffee with Alex, that we caught up on the past three years and had a good laugh. But you, there’s the nights when Jenna stayed over, and that you're now here with the girl that beat me up with her little megalomaniac friends."

Luke stops to look back at Sarah and she shrugs.

"Hurts so much more than anything you feel about lying." I sigh and shove the letter into his hands. "This is pointless now. Enjoy each other!" I turn on my heel and run to my car. Luke hasn't a chance to speak to me. He runs after the Mustang and I watch him stop and bend to catch his breath.

The distance increases.

Between him and me, physically and emotionally.





 Nineteen





Monday, nothing. Tuesday, nothing. Wednesday, a bunch of lilies.

So, it's Thursday and I can't cry anymore. I don't want to cry, but it's all I can do to stop a relapse. All I can feel. I have to meet with Jade today to collect my prom dress. It was mine and Jade's plan, even before Luke, that I would go to prom looking better than I ever have. Right now though, I'm not really feeling it. I hold my pillow and turn on my side. The rain is still falling. It's falling because of us.

It's the pain of the distance. He only has five days left here. If he wants me, won't he come get me? I chased him.

The past three days have been wasted.

Memories that are non-existent, gone. They aren't meant to be. I sigh and lay on my back. The bracelet he gave me is still on my wrist, looking delicate and fragile against my pale skin. I softly cry at the memory of it and sit up. I pull my knees to my chest and hug them hard. I drop my head onto my knees. Why do I feel this way? It's so different than Jay, to what it was. I know subconsciously that Luke loves me.

He just can't show it the way I want, the way I need him to. I need something to comfort me when the darkness settles in my empty head. The feeling of heartbreak is fierce; it causes the heart to feel weak. It feels like it's forcing the blood around your body, forcing it to beat, even if it's for no one. Even if it's just to keep you alive, but the empty breaths come and go aimlessly and you struggle with putting your heart back together. I never believed in heartbreak. Well that changed, I really do believe in it. I believe in the pain, the loss and despair, the feeling of losing someone. What makes it worse is that they are still here on the earth. They are moving on with their day-to-day life, careless of your existence.

Or so it may seem.

Knock knock.

"Go away." I shout.

Knock knock.



I groan and curse under my breath and climb off my bed to unlock my bedroom door. I'm immediately greeted by a hug. It's strong; it smells like, like - No.

"Luke, let me…go!" I push hard against him but he doesn't let go. His arms hold me tight like a vice. The tears come back, so much harder than they ever have. I sob so loud it makes me collapse to the floor and he collapses with me. I'm placed in his lap as my tears heave my body. His thumbs brush my cheeks as I feel the hot tears fall. The only noise heard above my sobs is the rain as it batters hard against the window.

"Why are you here?" I whisper, once the tears have calmed.

"I need you."

I push away and stand to my feet.

"So." I sniff. "What does that matter? I needed you. You…you didn't care." The tears start again and he doesn't move from the floor.

"Did you get my flowers?" He whispers, still looking at the floor. He looks so weak down there.

"Um yeah, they're beautiful, thank you." He looks up at me and his eyes aren't their usual green. They're red. The green of his eyes are surrounded by redness, pain. That just makes me cry harder.

"What are you doing here, Luke?" I wipe my nose with my arm and sniff loud.

"I just told you, Ella, I need you."

"No, you don't, you just think you do." He shakes his head slightly and looks down at his hands.

"You have no idea, Ella. For the last three days the sun hasn't been shining. The rain has fallen every day, baby. For us. We've neglected our love and the sky is taking it out on us. Don't you see? Each day we argue it rains. Every time, Ellie. I don't want it to rain anymore. I want us to be each other’s sunshine every goddamn day. Every second I want warm sunlight, not freezing water. I can't live without you. Ever since you smacked those words in my face the other day, I have only felt broken, Els. I'm a guy; we can't be seen like that. We're meant to be hard and strong, not cry to sleep." He laughs softly and looks back up at me.

"Luke, come here." I mumble and hold my hand out for him to take. He takes my hand and lets me pull him up off the hard wooden floor. I pull him into me and breathe him in. I push him away gently and he looks deep into my eyes.

"You look so pained, Ellie." He pushes my hair away and traces my face. Like he's remembering me.

"So do you." I whisper and outline his mouth with my finger. He kisses it gently and I lean up to kiss his mouth. I hover for a second, asking for permission, and he moves his head down to me. He lifts me and I kiss him.

I missed him.

The taste of him hurt me more, that I had made myself live without this for such a long time. His tongue meets mine and he lifts me higher so my legs are forced to wrap around his waist. He pushes me up against my bedroom wall and the kiss becomes needy, desperate. I tug his hair and he growls against my mouth. I smile and kiss his neck.

"God, I missed you, Ellie." He whispers as I bite his earlobe. He pushes my tank top up to show my stomach and his fingers invade my body. He cups my behind and squeezes gently. I groan and kiss him harder. I pull at his bottom lip with my teeth, making him harden beneath his jeans in seconds.

"Mmm…" I groan as I feel his erection rock against me. "Just for me?" I breathe against his mouth.

"Always for you, Ellie, always." He kisses me again and moves us over to my bed. Is anybody home? No. How did he get in? He lays me back gently and kisses against my neck. He pushes up so his arms are straight either side of me.

"Do you love me?" He asks, his green eyes no longer red, but full of passion and distress. I cup his cheek and move a few strands of hair away from his forehead.

"Always." I whisper and he closes his eyes at my words, as if in pain.

"I love you." He whispers, his eyes still shut.

"I…I love you." I whisper and tears come unbidden to my eyes. His eyes snap open and he grins at me, devilishly.

"No more crying, Ella, not right now." He bends his elbows and kisses me again, his tongue tickling mine, causing heat to pool down…there. I simper against his mouth and pull at his shirt. He pulls it up over his head and smiles at me. I lick my lips at the sight of him and moan as he pushes his lips back against mine. My fingers move up and down his strong back, remembering him. They weave in his hair, pulling harshly. I wrap my legs around his hips and pull him down to me.

"So…confident, Ella-" He moves to my neck and rocks himself against my short, thin pajama shorts. My numb fingers try mercilessly to undo his jeans. As his mouth leaves mine, he watches his own hands slide up my ribs, catching my tank top along the way and pushing it over my head. My chest is bare to him and he’s just watching me. I bite hard on my lip, knowing that he wanted me just as much as I wanted him. He kisses my neck and works kisses down my chest, circling each nipple with his tongue, and over my belly toward the waistband of my shorts.

"Luke…" My back arches upwards each time his mouth touches my skin. He kisses me along the waistband and pulls my shorts down slightly. He kisses the newly bared flesh and pulls them down more.

"So". Pull. Kiss. "Fucking." Pull. Kiss. "Beautiful." When he reaches his last word, my shorts are pulled off fiercely and he looks down on me again, his bottom lip caught between his teeth. He kisses my inner thigh and strokes my bare skin with his fingers. When his kisses reached my core, I couldn't help it, I cried out loudly, quivering at his tongue battling against my tiny nerves. As he swirled and kissed at the most sensitive part of my body, I cried out his name over and over, as my body broke down into a flash of explosion. My blood sang as he stopped but he caught my cries with his mouth, his tongue clashing mine fiercely. I tangled my fingers through his hair - desperate to have him inside me.

"I want you…" I whisper against his mouth. "Please…God, I want you so bad, Luke…" I grab at his jeans again and this time I get the button open and lean up to kiss his neck. I hold my arms around his neck as I push his jeans down with my legs. I push him onto the other side of the bed and pull off his underwear.

"…Ella." He groans as I grab him and work him with my hand. I stroke up and down and he moans under my touch.

"Fuck…" He whispers as I bring him close. "No, not yet." He mutters and pulls me back under him. We are both naked; our flesh lay bare against each other, dire and wanting. He cups me and uses his fingers to torture me all the more. They work inwards and outwards, bringing me so close to the edge that I feel I may fall away. He removes his fingers and gently eases into me. I cry out at the fullness, but it doesn't matter, because I want him so badly. My legs wrap around his hips as we lose ourselves in our own sync, our rhythm.





******

"You look so beautiful in this light," he whispers as I doze gently against his chest. His fingers are softly weaving through my hair, causing such relaxation - which is needed after the last few days of heartbreak. The soft sunbeams are hot against my bare back as my white bed sheet is resting at my hip.

"I guess the sun is happy with us." He smiles down at me, and I look up to him. His hair is messy and rugged and his jaw is covered in soft stubble. Eyes shining, his piercing green dancing with my blue.

"No more rain." I whisper and he presses his warm lips to my forehead. "You've saved me.

“Saved you?" He pulls his arms around me tighter. I sigh and snuggle close to his chest.

"You've saved me. I don't know where life would have gone without you, without-" I gulp back the tears which are forcing their way through. He pulls me back slightly and brushes my cheek, his eyes staring intently into mine.

"You make everything worth it. All the tears, all the painful memories. Just because your heart is beating, that's keeping me alive." He kisses me softly, his fingers working soft strokes up and down my naked back.

"I can't be without you, and the truth is, is that…. I have to leave you." I blink back the tears and his thumbs brush away the ones that escape.

"Wherever we are, whether it's three thousand miles away, or five minutes away, you'll be in my thoughts. In here." He presses his finger against his temple. "But when I miss you, the only pain I will feel, is in here-" He holds my hand to his heart. "And, Ella, it's going to hurt so bad, we are going to crave and want each other, but we will learn to deal without the skin, or the kisses. We will learn to not share the same air, the same bed. We will cope with not making love. I don't know why you're with me. I have only caused you much more trouble since you met me. We have fallen in love in the worse way. We have been embedded with heartbreak. I have never seen a girl cry the amount you have…"

"Luke…I-"

"No, baby, I need to say this. I have never seen a girl hurt as much as you have. All those wasted tears for me. When in five days, now four…" His eyes moisten and I feel my heart jump to my throat. He swallows hard.

"I'm going to miss you every second of every day. Not one day will I let you escape me. When I'm invited to pointless college parties, I'm sure all I'll want is to be by your side. Your touch is all I have. No one will be able to save me, Ellie. Not anyone." His words fall to a whisper, until tears fall freely from his eyes.

"No, no crying, Luke, please." He pulls my forehead to his and we cry with each other, soft sobs falling from our mouths. His warm lips kiss mine and block out the pain. They make it all go away.





 Twenty





"Come on!" Jade squeals, her hand firmly gripped onto mine, pulling me hard into the dress shop. When she pushes the door that satisfactory bell rings as we enter, letting any employees know we have arrived.

I smile at it, because yesterday, it wouldn't have mattered.

"Afternoon, girls," says the dressmaker.

"Mrs. Bennett." Jade says, her face spit into the biggest grin. "We've come to pick up our dresses."

"Oh yes, that's right. Give me five minutes, it was Jade…?"

"Michaels."

"Okay, sweetie won't be long." The plump lady goes out the back and Jade pulls me down to the seat next to her. I sigh and smile at her happiness.

"This is so exciting!" She squeals again, her hands clapping.

"Will you calm down? You're giving me a headache." She laughs and slaps my arm.

"So." She looks over at me, her left eyebrow raised. I open my mouth to speak and she grins, again. Girls just know okay?

"You sneaky, sneaky girl! You slept with him?" Her mouth is open in that shock-smile face and she cups my cheeks. "Was he good?" She lets go of my cheeks and winks.

"I have nothing to compare it to." I mumble. She shrugs.

"And? Did he make you, y'know…" She clears her throat. "Come?" She whispers and laughs out loud. I look at her shocked and smile.

"Yes, he did." I say through laughter. She takes my hand in hers and laces our fingers.

"You're so happy, Ella. I'm so glad you're happy. We're going to LA in two weeks!" She squeals the last sentence again and I shake my head in exasperation.

"You're so excited, I love you."

"I love you, too." She kisses my cheek and Mrs. Bennett appears with two long white dress bags.

"I can't believe I let you choose my dress." I murmur.

"Well, I had to, Ella." She stands up and puts her hands on her hips. "Otherwise, you would have turned up in those dirty things." She points to my converse and I look down at my feet.

"What's wrong with them?" I ask, frowning.

"What’s right with them! Come on, we have dresses to try on." My cell vibrates in my pocket, so I pull it out and flip it open.

*This morning changed everything Ellie. I miss you. *

I smile at his words and type back, a smile not leaving my face.

*What are you doing later? Miss you too. *

*I was going to meet the guys. Haven't seen them for ages, and it'll be the last time I see them for a while. *

I frown at the message and the phone vibrates again in my hand.

*Or I could come see this beautiful girl I know. ;-)*

*No, don't change your plans for me. You go have fun :-)*

*You're so perfect. I'll come after. I promise. I won't stay out late. *

*Luke, when can I meet your parents? *

*Parent. *

What? Where's his mom? I know he has his dad, he told me he was going into business with him. What?

*Parent? *

*I'll tell you later. X*

*Okay. *

I put my cell in my jacket pocket just as Jade grabs my arm.

"Wow." I mouth at the dresses looking at me.

"Yours is that one." She points at the sky blue prom dress sat on its velvet hanger.

"It's baby blue." I whisper.

"Your favorite color right, right?" She holds my shoulders and squats so that her eyes are level with mine. "Ella, talk to me. You're scaring me."

"Jade, it's, um…." A few tears fall down my face. "It's so beautiful."

"And with your bright blue eyes, it'll match perfect!" Mrs. Bennett intervenes.

I walk over to the dress. Its bodice is a corset with a lace up back. The bust has crystals that look like diamonds shaped around the sweetheart line. I trace it gently with my fingers. The crystals form soft flower shapes across the body and down the left side. The dress splits at the hip and flows into beautiful waves. Its skirt is puffy, like a real prom dress should be.

"You'll look like a princess, Ella." Jade smiles at me and I wipe the stupid tears away with my jacket sleeve. "Want to try it on?" Jade asks, her eyes focused on her dress.

"Hell yeah!"



******



"You looked beautiful, Ella, shut up." Jade moans as I pull my Mustang into IHOP'S parking lot.

"Whatever you say, Jade, just feed me pancakes." I pout at her and put on the parking brake. She laughs at me and jumps over the door. "You know you can open the door." I sigh and roll my eyes at her.

"Where's the fun in that?" She throws me a smile and winks.

We are greeted by the refreshing smell of fat and maple syrup. Jade grabs my hand and leads me over to a booth. I shuffle in the leather seat and grab a menu.

"Do you really need a menu, Ella?" Jade asks, her eyebrows raised.

"No, I guess not." I sigh and put the menu back.

"Hello, lovely ladies. I'm Alice, and I'll be your server today. What'll it be?" She throws us both a smile and Jade and I give each other the same cheesy smile.

"We will both have the double choc chip pancakes and-" Jade interrupts me.

"We will both also like pancakes with bacon, scrambled eggs, and two iced teas please." I laugh at her completing my sentence and she shrugs at me.

"Wow, ladies, are you going to eat all that?" Alice looks at us both with a frown on her face. We both look at Alice and then back at each other and say "Yes" at the same time.

"We're hungry." I shrug at Alice and she walks away.

I decide to text Luke quickly before my pancakes arrive.

*Dress is a sky blue color. Just so you know ;-)*

I get an instant reply.

*How much food did you order? *

Huh what?

I shake my head and put my cell back in my jean pocket. Jade leans across the table and bends her head slightly. I follow her moves and smirk at her.

"Ella…. did you know Luke was here?" She whispers.

"What?" I whisper, my eyes widen and I look over my shoulder slightly. "Where?" She nods to behind me and I look further over my shoulder. His eyes meet mine and I smile softly as he talks away to some of the guys.

"Oh, Ella, he's coming over."

"What?" I ask, sit back up, and Jade does the same.

"Ladies." Luke greets us. "Ellie."

I look over at Jade.

"Ellie?" She mouths.

"It's a ‘me and him’ thing." I shrug at her and wink.

"Spare me the details." She rolls her eyes and I laugh at her.

"Hi." I mutter and look up at Luke.

"Hi." He whispers and holds his hand out for me.

I take it and he pulls me into his arms. We're in the middle of a freaking IHOP. His arms wrap around me and he gives me a big squeeze.

"Luke…can't…breathe…hello!" He pulls me away and kisses me soundly on the lips. One hand is holding the back of my head, the other against my hip. I moan under the connection and he smiles at me.

"That's all, for now." He whispers and releases me. "Jade." He acknowledges and she waves him off, her eyes fixed on her cell. He drops my hand, winks at me, and walks back to his table.

"That was freaking hot!" Jade exclaims as I resume my seat. I feel the heat of my blush across my cheeks.

"Hot huh? That's one word for it I guess." I shrug and our food arrives in front of us. I take a long drink of my iced tea and we tuck in to our large array of food.



******



It's nine at night, and I haven't heard from Luke since I saw him in the IHOP.

I'm just casually sitting on my bed, legs crossed beneath me with my MacBook searching stupid websites and checking up on my email. I have ZZ Top playing at the highest volume my computer’s speakers can take. I yawn and stretch my arms above my head. Why does that always feel so good?

I lean over to my bedside table, grab my unfinished bag of chips, and stuff a handful of salty taste into my mouth. Of course, with my mouth full of food… Luke's calling me.

"Hello...?" I say, muffed through the chips.

"Ella?" He laughs. "You okay? What is that you're listening to?" I turn the music down and chew faster.

"Peachy, thanks, Luke." I swallow and clear my throat. "It's ZZ Top, don't dis the classics. Sup?" I ask.

"Sup? You're a weird one, girl." I can feel his grin.

"But you love me, right?" I put my hand up to my mouth to try stop the words that have already escaped. He chuckles softly.

"Yes, I love you. What are you doing?"

"I'm sitting on my bed."

"Doing what?" I sigh softly and look down at my MacBook, which is open at the UCLA's campus website.

"Researching. You?"

"Looking into some weird girls bedroom window." I smile, jump up, and run over to my window. Yep, there he is, waving softly when I see him.

"You look good." I whisper.

"Do I really?"

"Yes, you do." I giggle and he sighs softly. I watch him through the window as he slowly pulls his top up his abdomen and wiggles his hips.

"Luke, what are you doing? The neighbors will see you!" I laugh and he laughs with me.

"Get your butt down here, girl, I missed you." I hang up, shrug on some jeans and an Avenged Sevenfold hoody. Pfftt whatever, he loves me. I run down the stairs and as I reach the second landing, I bump into my dad.

"Oh, hey, Daddy. I didn't know you were home."

"Hey, bear. Yeah, about twenty minutes ago. You always hide in your room, I never know if it's safe. I heard you listening to my albums again. They better go back to where they came from." He frowns at me and shrugs his hands into his tailored trousers. I laugh at him and he smiles softly. "Where you off to anyway, lady?"

"Um… Luke's here, he wanted to see me." I sway softly on my feet, my patience wearing thin.

"Don't be late." He mutters and pulls me into a hug.

"Love you, Daddy, see you later." He releases me and I skip happily down the stairs.

When I open the door and close it softly, I turn to see some maniac sitting in my baby.

"Get out of my car, right now!" I shout at Luke and he smiles at me. I jump down the two steps and over to my car. "Out." He shakes his head. "Now!"

"Nope." He says, smirking.

"Why?" I ask my hands now firmly stamped on my hips.

"Because you're cute when you're mad." He winks at me and puts his hands on the steering wheel. "Please let me drive it, Ellie." He pulls a sad face and I laugh softly at him.

"Okay." I murmur and walk over to the passenger door. I jump over the door and into the seat.

"Keys?" He asks and I fish them out of my pocket and hand them to him. When they hit his palm, he grabs my hand and pulls me to him, our lips instantly meeting. I let his lips kiss me softly before opening up to him and letting his tongue work with mine. He pulls away first.

"I could never get enough of that." He whispers and licks his lips. He sits back, puts the key in the ignition, and the car sparks to life.

"Break it, Luke, and I swear…"

"What? Ella, you have seen the damn cars I drive. Of course I'll be careful." He pulls out of my driveway and we drive away from my house.

"Where are going?" I ask. "And where's your car?"

"My house and I walked."

"You walked?"

"Yeah, felt like getting some fresh air." He shrugs and turns on my radio.

"Evening Charlotte, if you're just joining us it looks like we're in for a treat! The sky is mostly cloudy tonight with some clouds that might look threatening, but tomorrow we are due sunshine! Yes, you heard me right! Warm sunshine all day tomorrow! We've had no new traffic updates tonight so all roads are fine. I'll be leaving you with The Beatles, “Let It Be.” Goodnight!"

I watch Luke as he drives my car; his hair floats softly in the wind as his fingers tap my white steering wheel. He lifts my hand from my lap and kisses the top of it gently. He keeps hold of my hand until he has to turn a corner. Wait, where are we?

"Luke…" I ask.

"Mhmmm…"

"Where are we going?" He turns to face me briefly and shrugs.

"I told you, baby. My home."

"But, we're going the wrong way."

"No, we're not." He smiles from the corner of his mouth and laughs gently.

"Oh my God. We're going to your parent’s house aren't we?"

"My dad's house, yes." He grabs my hand again and plays with my fingers softly.

"Where's your-"

"Dead." He answers firmly.

"Oh, I'm sorry." I whisper.

"Don't be stupid, Ellie, wasn't your fault was it?" He gives me a reassuring smile as we reach a very large home.

"Whoa." I whisper as he stops my car in front of two very large metal gates.

He smiles and shakes his head at me as he leans up to retrieve a remote from his back pocket. He presses in a code and the gates open. He drives the car slowly along the white graveled road, which makes sufficient crunching noises beneath us.





 Twenty-One





"Can you stop looking at my house like you want to make love to it?" Luke asks, his arms crossed over his broad chest as he leans against my car. I turn to look at him and smile softly. His head is bowed slightly and he's staring at me through those little strands of hair that rest so perfectly on his forehead.

I walk over to him and he instantly wraps his arms around my waist, like I’m his and only his. I put my arms around his neck and grin a huge beaming grin.

"You have beautiful eyes, Luke." I murmur and he looks away from me. I turn his chin back so that he's facing me and drop my fingers down his cheek gently. "You have beautiful eyes, Luke." I repeat and he kisses me softly. "Why can you not take compliments?" I ask.

"It's nothing, Ella. Come on, let's go inside." He weaves his fingers through mine and opens the large wooden door. When he pulls me in, I look around at the beauty surrounding me.

"Wow, Luke! This place is beautiful!" He rolls his eyes at me and a large St Bernard comes bounding for us.

"Hey, Missy!" Luke fusses over the dog and squats to its level. I keep on my invasion and have a look around. There is a large grand staircase in front of me that splits in the middle, leading to two opposite staircases.

"Luke! Where have you been? I needed someone to help me move my trampoline!" A small girl appears, her feet stomping across the white tiled floor, she stops in front of Luke, arms crossed over her chest.

"Hush now, little lady, we have company." Luke nods over in my direction and I give her a small wave.

"Oh, hey! Are you, Ella?" She asks sweetly.

"Yeah, I am." I say and look over at Luke. His family knows me. It warms some little part of me that was cold and I feel it set alight.

"You're very pretty." Her arms are swaying side to side and her eyes pierce mine with a beautiful emerald shine. Just like Luke's. Her long brown hair stops at her waist and she pushes it behind her back.

"As are you…?"

"Isabella." She states firmly, proudly.

"Oh, is that so?" I say, my gaze firmly locked on Luke. He shies away and pretends to deal with Missy. I squat down to look little Isabella in the eye and wave her to come closer. She comes willingly and I whisper in her ear. She opens her mouth in shock and turns to Luke.

"Why didn't you tell me your girlfriend has the same name as me!" She stomps her feet again and I return to standing. She groans and walks away.

"She's so cute." I mutter as Luke takes me around my waist. He swoops me down slowly and I giggle. He pulls me back up gently.

"Why couldn't I have met you sooner?" He asks, as he tucks a loose tendril of hair behind my ear. He releases me and I pull my hoody over my head.

"Here, take this. I don't want your dad seeing me in a rock bands hoody." I shove it in his hands.

"Don't be stupid, lady, I don't care what you wear. We're not judgmental in this house!" says a voice from behind. I turn and I'm faced with a black suit. I look up and smile at the man.

"Luke's dad, Peter, but you can call me Pete. It's a pleasure to finally meet you, Ella." He pulls me toward him and kisses my cheek.

"You too." I mutter and quickly grab Luke's hand.

"Hey, Dad." Luke says and shoves his hands into his jean pockets.

Er hello? Can I have your hand back, safety net?

"Luke, can you tidy that room of yours, seriously?" His dad rolls his eyes and smiles warmly at me. He pulls out his cell phone from his pocket. I didn't even here it ring. "Excuse me." He holds his finger up and walks away, his shoes clacking against the tiles.

"Your dad seems cool." I shrug, my legs swaying backwards and forwards on my heels.

"Yeah, he's alright I guess. I just…" He shakes his head and grabs my hand. "Come on, I want to show you my room." He winks at me and it makes me blush.

His room is so unexpected; so different from his room at the Madison. His walls are covered in posters, displaying many different rock bands.

"Erm, Luke!" I say, slapping his arm. "Why didn't you tell me you like Guns 'N Roses?" I point to the photo of Axl Rose. He's leant forward, his arms held onto a microphone and screaming some amazing lyric through it. Luke walks over to the far end of the room where there is an electric guitar sitting on its stand. I walk over, my mouth open in shock. I mentally punish myself and close it.

"Can you play?" I ask.

"Yeah." He replies and shrugs. He picks up the guitar, plugs it into an amp, and sits on his bed. I take a seat on the cozy rug on his floor and cross my legs beneath me.

"I wanna listen." I grin at him and he gives me a grin back.

Oh man, that smile. Those arms. Just…just him.

He places the guitar strap over his shoulder and pulls his plectrum from the strings. He starts to strum and the room fills with Guns 'N Roses 'Sweet Child Of Mine.' I honestly think I've died and gone to heaven. He starts to sing the lyrics softly and I join in.

He cautiously puts the guitar back and holds his arms out to me. I jump up and squeal loudly. I tackle him down to the bed and pin his hands either side of his head, lacing his fingers with mine. I lower my face to his and gently graze my nose along his.

"That was the sexiest thing, I have ever seen." He smirks softly and rolls his eyes.

"Oh really?" He says, his bottom lip caught in his teeth. I look down at him in awe and groan softly, letting go of his hands.

"Okay, that's sexy too." His fingers slowly graze under my tank top; he lifts it up slightly, his hands skimming my ribs.

"You're so beautiful, Ellie, my girl."

"Your girl?" I ask, my left eyebrow raised.

"My girl." He whispers and cups the back of my head bringing my lips to his.

******



Soft guitar playing. Soft singing. Huh?

I open my eyes slowly and Luke is sitting across the room from me, playing his acoustic guitar softly, and looking at me. I keep hidden so he doesn't think I'm awake. He stops playing and puts the guitar against his wall. Nickelback.

I prop up onto my elbows much to his surprise and smile at him.

"Hey, did I wake you?"

"Yeah." I rub my head. "Sorry, it’s my meds always making me sleepy. Oh, and someone was making noise." I smile at him and he sighs. He squats down next to the bed and holds my hand. He looks down at it and then back up to me. He strokes some hair from my face and he looks troubled.

"Luke, what's wrong?" He swallows twice and looks to the floor.

"She died three years ago. Bella was one. I was, well y'know…caught up in high school shit. She had…cancer, the one that, women get, ovarian. She didn't know until it was too late." He gulps and I press my lips to his forehead. He smiles softly.

"She was an angel, my mom. She always found the good in someone, even if all the good was evil. My dad lost it the day we all found out. He left for three weeks, went to L.A or somewhere and drank himself stupid." He shakes his head at the memory and his green eyes look unfamiliarly dark, sad. "My mom still looked after us. She...she…still made us breakfast." His last word is a whisper and as the first tear falls, I jump to the floor and scoop him up into my arms. He holds me close and cries into my shoulder. I let him cry all he wants. I know that pain. The pain of losing someone who meant everything one day and the next they were gone.

Vanished.

"Luke, you will see her again, she hasn't really left. She's here right now." He moves his head from my shoulder and I cup his cheeks. His eyes have gone a bright green, filled with raw emotion. "She's here, baby, she loves you. She's helped us find each other. Two souls not destined to see any future together, but here we are..." I let out a soft giggle and shrug. "Loving each other." I wipe the tears from his cheeks and kiss his beautiful, soft lips carefully, as if not to break him.

"We're here together through our sadness. These people helped us. Call me stupid but that's how I see it. Right now, all I can feel is strength. Me and you." He looks down and his sobs come rushing back.

"But…Ella..." He sniffs slightly and kisses my forehead. "I'm leaving you. I'm going away."

"Yes…but…" I lift his chin up to so his eyes meet mine. "I'm still alive. Wherever we are, I'll be breathing somewhere. I won't be lost. One day you can see my face again. That's the beauty of us. You will still find me. I know you will." He holds me tightly and we fall deeper into a dream, both of us picturing the moment we see each other again.



******



"Come on." He whispers and pulls me to my feet. "I have a surprise for you."

We drive for a little while, his fingers laced with mine. Every few minutes he kisses my hand, sometimes nibbling on my fingers softly. When he parks my Mustang, we are at my bridge. I haven't been here in ages. I stare at him intently and he comes around to the passenger side and opens my door. He bows and I laugh.

"Now, you have to close your eyes, m’lady."

"Erm, really?"

"Yes, Ellie, close your eyes." I comply and bat my arms against my sides.

"So moody." He whispers in my ear and places his hands across my eyes from behind. "Follow my lead." He guides me down the steps to the tunnel under the bridge.

Our first kiss. He stops and takes his hands away from my eyes.

"Open your eyes, baby." I open them and gape in awe. I turn to face him and laugh. I run to him and leap into his arms, my legs around his waist.

"It's beautiful." I squeal excitedly and let him go. He has transformed the small tunnel; it has fairy lights hanging from the ceiling and a small picnic blanket on the floor with a picnic basket. Rose petals delicately forming a small path across the concrete.

"So, you like it?" he asks, grinning with obvious pride.

"Luke, it's beautiful." He grabs my hand and leads me over to the perfect picnic he has created.

"Wait, how did you do this?" I ask, gently pulling away from him.

"Ah, well, that's for me to know and you to find out." He pulls me flush against him as his hand holds the nape of my neck.

"So beautiful." He whispers and kisses me lustfully. He tears himself away for a second and sighs hard, his hands still holding me tightly.

"Ellie, wherever I will be, believe it, baby, I will be thinking of you. I can't believe how much I love you." He stops and gestures with his head for me to look around the tunnel.

"This is for us, something to remember, to look back on. Anytime that we are apart, baby, promise me that when you close your eyes, you'll be here, right here with me. We will be here in this moment. I know I'm going to see you again. Just don't forget, Ellie. A part of us will always be together. My dreams of you will haunt me. They'll chase me every night until I see you again." He kisses away my tears that are dropping softly down my cheeks. "Always sad, my beautiful lady, don't cry."

"I'm just going to miss you." I whisper.

"I know, likewise, you're my sunshine."

"My only sunshine." I whisper and he pulls me down to the blanket.

"Luckily for us, it's quite warm tonight. I've been planning on this since we had that argument." He shakes his head. "Anyway." He opens up the classic wicker picnic basket and offers me a sandwich.

"What's in it? I ask looking down at the white bread.

"Well, don't get mad, but I told your parents about tonight." I stop looking at my sandwich and frown at him.

"Hey! No getting mad at me, I did it so I could find out your favorite sandwich…and so I could create this memory with you." I smile and take a bite of my sandwich.

"I'll let you off then. Well, just as always, it's made correctly... did my mom help you?"

"To make a chip sandwich? Are you kidding?" I giggle at him and he laughs back at me. "You're so adorable. I'll miss that." He plays with his juice box and takes a sip from the straw.

"This isn't going to be fun. Also, did you get matching stuff for your suit for prom?" He raises his eyebrows at me.

"Stuff?" He asks, a huge grin spread across his beautiful mouth. He pops in a pretzel and I frown.

"I don't know what it's called. Bowtie? I don't know."

"I got a cummerbund yes."

"What the hell is a 'cummerbund'?"

"It goes around your waist." He gestures around his lower stomach at where it goes. I nod in agreement.

"You got blue, yes?"

"Yes, baby, I got blue." He shakes his head. "So adorable."

We sit for a few hours, talking, breathing, and loving each other the way we are meant to. He told me his life plans and how long he will be studying at Princeton. I told him about my life ambitions, mainly about working somewhere that involves writing. I couldn't help but watch every single gesture. Every moment, so I didn't forget. I watched the way his mouth would curve into a smile every time I touched him. How he would gently swipe stray strands of hair from his forehead. The way his body filled his clothes, his biceps bulging firmly as he offered me a cupcake. I watched how his eyebrow raised when he was joking around with me. The way his fingers perfectly laced with mine.

"Come on, baby, time to go." He whispers, my head on his lap. His fingers stoke my head softly.

"I don't want to. I want to stay here, in your arms. Remembering."

"Me too." He held me for a while longer and I fall asleep in his arms.





 Twenty-Two





His warm arms are holding me softly.

His gentle breath teasing my neck.

The sunbeams are dancing across my bedroom floor in floating lines. I smile and stroke the arm that is holding my waist. It's amazing to think, that five weeks ago, I was lost in a world of torment that I no longer wanted. That torment may have been my thoughts, but I was saved. He saved me, I can't explain how but he did. I hold out my hand and look at the scar that is acquiring to my palm. That memory will always be there. Just as every single scar will make me remember.

I hold out my arm and gently run my finger down the soft bumps.

That was a knife, that one was a razor. That one was a plastic knife. This one was a piece of glass.

The memories will always be there, lodged into my brain.

The beauty of this man asleep beside me overwhelms me.

His face, his features a work of art. His soft breathing is like a hummingbird, so soft, yet beautiful. He makes me feel at peace. An emotion I have never felt, not properly, for over six years of my life. He has suffered a loss like me but not suffered the depression that I had suffered. I hold his hand, because there is no other hand I would rather hold. He stirs and I feel his arm tighten against me.

"Morning, beautiful." He whispers against my hair.

"Hi." I wiggle under his kisses against my neck. He moves the hair away and kisses me again. "St-t-t-o-p-p." I giggle.

"When you make that noise, baby, never." He grins against my neck and blows raspberries. I laugh uncontrollably as he starts to tickle my body. I end up underneath him, his hands pinning mine to the bed.

"Hey!" I protest and twist my head when he tries to kiss my face.

"Baby, you wound me. I have an idea." He grins and I just swoon under his gaze.

"You do, do you?"

"Yep." He smiles and kisses my forehead.

"What's that then?"

"Me, you, the beach?" He kisses my mouth softly and pulls my bottom lip with his teeth.

"You always taste amazing, Ella." I blush ferociously at his words. "So, me, you, beach?"

"It's like a two hour drive, Luke."

"Yeah? And? It's you and me only today. I won't let anyone ruin this day for me. No cell phones." He smiles at me and lets my arms go. I decide to tickle him back and he starts wiggling under my fingers.

"Oh! So now who's ticklish?"

"You never…aske-d-d, baby, STOP!" He starts to laugh and I climb on top of him and straddle his hips. I let my hair fall around us like a veil and kiss him softly. He pulls me down to him and kisses me with passion like he could never stop, like I'm all he ever needs.



"Morning, kids!" My dad shouts as we enter the kitchen, Luke's arm around my waist. I walk over to my dad as Luke releases me and I kiss his cheek.

"Morning." I reply and smile at my family enjoying their breakfast.

"Luke, what have you done with Ella?" My mom asks and I gently slap her arm.

"Hey! I'm still me."

"Yeah…. okay." Holly intervenes. "You're, well, happy. I missed you." I hug my sister from behind. This beautiful girl, happy that I'm happy.

"I am happy." I exclaim. "So are you going to feed us? We're going to the beach together today." I beam at my family and they all look up at Luke.

"Um…yeah, I'm taking Ella to Carolina Beach, thought we could use a day together, just…us." He shrugs and my dad pulls a seat out beside him. I smile and sit down. Luke sits on the seat opposite me, next to my mom, and smiles at me.

"Well, dig in guys, there’s bacon, eggs, and pancakes." My mom beams.

"You're amazing." Luke says to my mom. I honestly think she blushes. Mom! I scowl at her gently and she gives me a soft smile.



******



"What is that?" Luke whispers when I open the front door to him. He's been home to get changed and showered, his hair is damp and in gentle spikes on his head. He's dressed in a tight tank top that defines his broad chest with his speed bump abs and green cargo shorts. I look him up and down and lick my lips. He winks at me and smiles gently.

I grin and tilt my head to the side, tossing the water balloon in my hand.

"It's a water balloon, baby…wanna play?"

"Oh no you don't, Ella..." He backs off and I instinctively walk forward.

"I just got dressed."

"I'll buy you new clothes."

"No, baby…please-" he laughs nervously.

"Wimp…" I breathe and he runs to the other side of his car.

"This isn't fair, Ellie! I don't have my own weapon, I call a truce!"

"Truce? That could work." I lift the t-shirt over my head to reveal my pink bikini. He stops ducking and slowly raises himself to a standing position.

"Like what you see?" I ask, twisting my hair in my fingers.

"Oh, hell yeah." He whispers.

"What do you see?" I ask against a grin.

"I see the most beautiful, intellectual perfection, my Ellie, in all her stunning beauty." He smiles his beautiful grin and strides towards me. He grabs me around my waist and pulls me close, his lips barely reaching mine.

"You are beautiful, Ella, so, so, beautiful." He lifts me so I have to wrap my legs around his waist. He sweeps my mouth with his tongue and I let his play amongst mine. My free hand is pulling at his hair and he walks backwards, drops me on the hood of his car, still kissing me deeply. I start to laugh beneath the kiss, the water balloon still in my left hand. I pull away gently.

"You shouldn't trust me!"

"Ellie, no!" I burst the balloon over his head and he scowls. I shudder at his expression, but it soon changes to a grin and I scramble off the hood and onto my parent’s front lawn. I back up gently.

"Oh, baby, you're going to get it now!" He starts to chase me around the front lawn, my giggles and screeches being made known to the neighbors. He grabs me and I slip to the ground.

"Ouch, that hurt." I pout. He lays over me, his leg between my thighs, and strokes my hair down my cheek gently.

"You really shouldn't wear such a small amount of clothing, Ella, it's dangerous."

"Oh yeah? To me or to you?" I ask, stroking his wet hair away from his forehead. You know when you lock eyes with a complete stranger, you look away immediately, and you feel nothing? Nothing is sparked, there is no knowledge, but sometimes you wonder about that person’s life. Who are they? Who have they created? What did they discover? With Luke right now, in this moment, his eyes connecting with mine, I see his soul, I feel an electricity pass through us both and neither of us can look away. We drown in each other’s existence. I now understand why we love each other, to understand and cherish one another. He cuts off my reverie with a kiss.

"Definitely you, baby." He winks at me and tickles my sides again, this is his weapon. I giggle and squeal and he shakes his wet hair all over my body.

"That's cold!" I shout and he sighs at me. I know what's going through his head, to be without me for so long, to not have these moments for months on end. He stands to his feet and holds his hand out. I grab it and he pulls me up. He pulls me close, his hand on my lower back, his other cupping my cheek.

"I love you." He says, his eyes searching mine.

"God, Luke. I love you too, baby, always." He kisses me softly, giving me a firm slap on my behind, and I yelp.

"Come on girl, me, you, beach… now!"



******



"You took the wrong turn." I moan as I drop the large map into my lap. I push my sunglasses up my nose and he turns to smile at me.

"Shhh you. I know where I'm going." He grins at me.

"Clearly." I grumble. "Eyes on the road, not on me please." I smile and look back at the map and the passing road signs.

"I can't believe I let you drive my car all this way. It's going to be pained later."

"No, it won't. Plus, I don't have a convertible. Aren't you driving it to L.A?"

"Yeah, but not until I get settled in. My dad's driving him over for me.

"It's a he?" He looks at me and then back at the road when I scowl at him.

"Yes, of course he's a he. He's my baby." He looks over at me and pouts.

"I thought I was your baby." I laugh and shake my head.

"You are my second baby. Good enough?"

"I suppose." He murmurs.

"Oh, turning this up!" I turn the dial on the radio as ‘Mm bop’ fills our ears. I turn to him and sing the lyrics. He joins in with me as we both dance with one another. We are completely at ease with each other. He puts his hand on my knee and gives me a heartwarming smile. I have never felt such hope and love for life as I do right now. He has captured me, I'm the happiest I have ever been. My life is finally serene.

We pull up into a parking lot and Luke grabs our beach stuff from my trunk. He slings the bag over his shoulder and pulls me so that his free hand is wrapped around my waist. He kisses my hair gently and leads me towards the beach.



******



I'm sprawled out on my beach towel watching Luke with a rented surfboard, trying his hardest to ride the flowing waves. The sun is shining bright on my face and I'm grateful for the Vitamin D. I let it soak into my skin, heating my blood.

I sit up on my elbows and watch Luke. He's riding a wave and his body is just perfect. His tanned body is soft against the blue waves, his muscles all jumped up to attention, each of them working hard to keep him on the board. Shit, how did I get so lucky? He waves at me and loses his balance. I giggle to myself and stand up. I walk over to the edge of the water and let the cool liquid cover my feet. I dig my toes into the sand and smile.

"Hey there…" Says a voice. I turn to face a tall guy, he looks about my age. His hair is blonde and rugged, his blue eyes too big for his face.

"Umm hi?" I say and turn away.

"You from around here?" He asks.

"Nope, Charlotte. You?"

"Yeah, I live here."

"That's…awesome." I say, anxious now, I don't want Luke to see and cause a scene.

"You're very pretty. I would have definitely noticed you before, if you did live here. Hey, you can look at me you know."

"I have a boyfriend." I blurt out.

"Oh…that's cool. You're still pretty though. What's your name?"

"Nothing to do with you, that's for sure." Luke's voice appears behind us and we both swing around to look at him. I instantly look down at my feet while he looks the guy up and down.

"Sorry man, I'm guessing you're the boyfriend?"

"Right. Bye." Luke grabs my arm and pulls me away.

"What the hell, Ella?" He looks down at me and I struggle to meet his eyes.

"He came to me, I didn't do anything, and it was just friendly conversation." I shrug my shoulders and look at some imaginary molecule on the sand.

"Hey," He lifts my chin to meet his eyes. "I don't like random guys coming on to you, baby, you are all I need, I can't lose you."

I study his face, looking for some clue. His body throws me off, the water dropping from his hair onto his torso, sinking down his abdomen, through the defined lines of his muscles.

"Don't look at me like that." He whispers.

"Why not?" I ask, looking away and then back into his eyes.

"Because, I will go book some hotel room, take you there, and then you can fucking look at me like that all you want." I smile softly and he pulls me close.

"Where's your surfboard?"

"Took it back to the guy at the rental shop. Anyway, enough talking for now I think." He grabs me and flings me over his shoulder.

"Luke! Hey!" I squeal as he carries me towards the ocean like a caveman. "Oh hell no, LUKE, put me down!"

"Never, baby, you ready?"

"Luke." I warn. He's started to wade through the water.

"One."

"Luke, please." I giggle.

"Two." I bang my fists gently against his back.

"THREE!" He throws me from his shoulder and into the freezing cold Atlantic Ocean. I fall beneath the salt water, it quickly entering my lungs. I come up quickly coughing and spluttering.

"I hate you." I pout and he laughs. He swims towards me and I push the wet hair from my face.

"You know something, Ella." He asks, his arms reaching and curling around my waist.

"What?" I ask, gently coughing the remainder of seawater from my lungs.

"You are the closest thing to heaven, to paradise." He moves a stray lock of wet hair away from my eyes. "You are the most amazing person I have ever met. You have suffered so much loss, despair, and shame. Yet, you let me in, you let me help you, fall in love with you, make love to you. You are the definition of beautiful in so many ways. The way you'll help anyone with anything, the way you'll carry worries upon your shoulders and wear them like armor. You're just…my everything." His lips graze mine and I can't help but let the words he just said sink into me, into my heart, through my pores, memorized into my head, my heart.

I let myself explore his kiss, the desperation clinging to my back through his hands. He moves his hands down to cup my ass and lifts me gently in the water.

"And, you're the sexiest girl I’ve ever seen." He smiles against my mouth and I kiss him harder. I pull away gently and smile down at him.

"You’re sexy too, Lukey." I kiss his forehead and place gentle feather light kisses down his cheek toward his mouth. I kiss his lips softly and he groans against me. He drops me gently into the water and my feet hit the soft sand below.

"I've found my best friend. In you, in what you are. You're my world right now, cheesy or not, you are. I've been waiting all my life for you, Luke." He grins at me and splashes me.

"Hey!" I protest. I splash him back and he splashes me harder. I duck under the water and sit on the sand. The water raises me back to the surface and I lean my head back as I surface letting my hair fall against my back.

"Do that a-fucking-gain I dare you." Luke walks through the water towards me.

"Do what" I ask, breathless.

"Make it a turn on watching you come out of the water. Fucking hell, I'm hard as fuck."

I laugh at his choice of words and cock my eyebrow. "And in that fucking bikini, Jesus, Ella. I'm sure you want to kill me."

I playfully tilt my head from side to side as if to consider the idea.

"You being hard is a turn on." I gasp through my own words.

"What did you just say?" I look away, embarrassed.

No, I'm not embarrassed to talk dirty with my boyfriend. I gulp and breathe in deeply.

"I said, you, being hard, is a turn on." His green gaze becomes intense, his eyes burying into mine.

"You're a tease, Ella." He whispers, inches from my face.

"You know you want it." I whisper back.

"Yeah I want it, baby. I want to take you back to the hotel room that I have booked for us, take you on the bed, hard and fast, you screaming my name at the top of your lungs, wet and ready for me."

Fuck. His words have just made a deep pool of heat settle heavy in my groin. He pulls at my bottom lip with his teeth and lets it go gently.

"Do you trust me?" He asks. I open my eyes and stare into his, desire and want screaming through us both.

"Yes." I whisper, his wet fingers lacing through mine.

"Follow me under the water, keep your eyes shut." I nod and watch him duck under the water. I hold my breath and dip under the cool water. I feel him grab my hand and pull me flush against him. Then his lips are on mine, kissing me hard. The contact is strange underwater, but gloriously powerful. I give his tongue entrance and it slides against mine for a few seconds before we both lose breath and have to return to the surface. I gasp for air and he pulls my mouth back to his. It takes me by surprise, he's kissing with such force and lust, it makes every nerve stand to attention. Every blood cell heats with his touch. His fingers weave my wet hair, his mouth persistent and hungry.

"Do you feel that, Ella? Do you fucking feel that? Shit." He pulls away, softly wading back slowly through the water. My lips are swelling and tingle from the passion in his kiss.

"Yes, I felt it, Luke. Right though me." His eyes are glittering with reflections from the water, his wet hair in strands against his forehead.

"We're meant to be, Els. We were meant to bump into each other that day. We were meant to find it, we had to find it. I've found it with you."

"Found what?" He comes back to me and cups my head in his hands. His eyes study mine, his mouth in a grin.

"Love, baby. We've found it, in all its glory. We condemned ourselves to feel it, to wish it, and we found it. We didn't even have to try." His lips softly graze against mine.

"Come on, baby, time to go." He lifts me gently; his arms under my rear, and carries me through the sea, toward the shore.





 Twenty-Three





I'm dressed, showered, and ready for Luke's surprise. He won't tell me what it is; I tried to get it out of him, but he won't give in. We made love in the hotel room, our lust from the beach carried with us on the short ride here. We didn't even make it to the bed.

"What are you thinking about, baby?" Luke asks as he leaves the bathroom. He has a towel wrapped around his waist and is towel drying his hair. The water droplets fall down his immaculate body and I can't help but gape in awe. He tilts up my chin to meet his gaze.

"Hey, I'm up here." He gives my lips a gentle kiss. "You look amazing, Ella." I'm dressed in a white summer dress that reaches mid-thigh and cowboy boots. My hair is tied back into a ponytail, some small strands resting onto my face in soft curls.

"Thanks." I whisper. I watch him rummage through his duffel bag for his clothes and bite my lip at him. He catches me and shakes his head.

"Baby, please, I've told you. Stop looking at me that way, otherwise we won't be going anywhere." He grabs some jeans and a black top and pulls them on. "Ready?"

"Your hair is still wet." I say standing and pushing a small strand away from his eyes.

"Why do you love me, Ella?" I move my eyes from his hair to meet his and smile.

"Because you make me realize the light from the dark. You make me see clarity in all forms of unclarity. You make every mistake a reason. You make every flower bloom inside me. Every sadness becomes happiness. Every pain becomes a smile. You just…take my breath away." He softly kisses my lips and pulls me into an embrace.



******



His fingers lace with mine and we walk through the crowds that have gathered at the fair on the beach. There are all these people around us but I hear nothing. All I feel is his thumb doing soft strokes across my knuckles, his breathing. All of my darkness has turned to light. I can't hear them anymore. The voices, they've gone. The elastic band is still on my wrist, just in case of a trigger. I always hated that I had to do that, but it does work.

The snap of the band gives the element of pain needed to stop the urge, to free it through my blood. I watch as the girls look at him, putting on their prettiest smiles, but I have his hand laced with mine. I am the one whose knuckles are being stroked. He puts his lips to my hair and kisses softly.

"Wanna go on the Ferris wheel?" We stop in front of the wheel and I smile up at him.

"Like a typical high school carnival thing then? Where the boy takes the girl on the Ferris wheel and they kiss at the top?"

"Yes, I want that with you." I squeeze his hand and we join the line. He releases my hand, curls his arm around my waist, and pulls me tight against him.

"Are you warm enough?" He asks. Such concern makes me smile.

"Yes, I'm fine thank you." I put my arm around his back and hold onto him. "Everything is warmer now." I whisper.

"What was that?" He asks looking down.

"Nothing." I say and kiss his lips. When we reach the front of the line, Luke pays and we sit in a small booth only big enough for two, with a bar lowered across our hips.

"This looks, old." I say, with a hint of nerves coming through my voice. I look around and the paint is peeling away. The wood is rotting slightly and fragrant.

"We'll be fine." He says and laces his fingers through mine. The wheel begins its ascent and I instantly feel nauseous. Luke pulls me closer and I rest my head against his shoulder. It takes a long time before Luke and I are at the top. I don't know why, but even more nerves have appeared. My stomach feels like it's holding rocks. The wheel comes to an abrupt stop and it jerks the carriage slightly. I breathe in slowly and exhale. The view from here is beautiful. I turn slightly to look at Luke, and he's texting?

"Hey?" I nudge him with my shoulder. "What are you doing, I thought you said no Cell phones?"

"Shhh, you'll find out." He shoves his phone back in his pocket and cups my cheek. I turn my face slightly and focus on his mouth. He bites his bottom lip and his fingers brush the curls from my face.

"You are just, Ella, you're just, amazing." He pulls me in to him and gently kisses my lips with his. I cup his face with my hands and kiss him back. The butterflies are back from vacation, taking over and shoving my nerves into a dark corner.

"Please, don't ever leave me." I say through a choked sob.

"Never, baby, never." He suppresses and kisses me again. "Never." He whispers.

"You promise?"

"Forever and always, Ella, I promised you, forever and always." He reaches out for my hand again and squeezes hard.



******



The soft sand buries my toes as we walk along the beach. We dropped our shoes at the entrance to the beach with the hope that they wouldn't be stolen. In the distance is a large group of people, probably some high school kids, enjoying their last days at home before college.

"They look like they’re having fun." I say and turn to look up at Luke.

"Yeah, I know right, it's a shame we don't have a beach closer to home. House parties are so boring." He shrugs and I squeeze his hand. "Hey." He whispers and we stop walking. "I need you to know this now, baby, I need you to realize." He gulps and turns me towards the ocean and his arms wrap around my waist. He lowers his chin, so that it's resting on my shoulder.

"You are as beautiful, if not more so, than this view right now." I look over at the ocean and the sun is setting, all the different colors scattered across the horizon, the beautiful yellows and oranges. "You make me happy. I have never known happy, Ella. Just like you. Walking around school with endless amounts of girls wanting me wasn't what I wanted. I needed to be able to love. Stupid, right? Coming from a guy?" He whispers.

"You're not stupid." I whisper back and he sighs against my ear.

"You have made everything whole. You've made me whole, Ellie. Just you. You made me come undone, but you made sense of who I am. I am all-innocent in your eyes. I am me in your eyes. It's refreshing, rather than just to be wanted for sex -" I turn to face him and he puts his finger against my lips.

"I am wanted because you love me. You make me feel alive, Ella. Like I'm needed in this fucked up world. You're just, perfect to me." He removes his finger and kisses my lips softly.

Luke just announced his love for me. He's taken me away for the night to somewhere just perfect for us. In his last days here, he's spent all of his time with me. Jay quickly enters my mind and how he spent his last day with me. I can't feel those feelings again, I don't think I'll survive it. I don't think I'll win.

"If I had the means, and we weren't going to separate colleges, I would ask you to marry me right now."

"What?" I ask, stunned at his bold statement.

"You're all I ever want; you're all I ever need, Ella." He sighs and shakes his head. "Come on, let's go." He tugs my hand but I bury my toes in the sand.

"What?" I ask again, soft tears escaping. "You'd marry me?" He looks down at his feet and his green eyes meet mine.

"In a heartbeat." He cups my cheeks and wipes the tears away.

"Come on, I have a surprise for you." He whispers. We approach the party and I stop dead in my tracks.

"Can't we walk around them?" I ask, my anxiety kicking in.

"No, come on, we'll be fine, trust me." I nod and he gives my hand another reassuring squeeze. I bow my head as we walk toward them.

Please Luke, just let me walk around them.

I feel the tension build inside me, the shivers causing the hair on the back of my neck to stand on end.

"SURPRISE!" Shouts the party and I immediately look up. I turn to look at Luke and he grins at me. Jade comes booming toward me and wraps her arms around me.

"Hi." I stutter through Jade's immense strength. "Can't, breathe, here, Jade!" She releases me and gives my cheek a swift kiss.

"Hi!" She squeals. "Happy Birthday!"

"What? My birthday is not for two weeks?" My dad picks me up and gives me a cuddle.

"Happy Birthday, bear." He drops me and my mom gives me a kiss on the cheek.

"How did you…When did you…I’m so confused." I look at Luke. He shrugs his shoulders and wraps his arms around me.

"I won't be here for your birthday, this is for you, another memory. Surprise.."

"And you all knew? You sneaky bastards!"

"Ella!' My dad yells. "Mouth!"

"Sorry." I giggle as Luke kisses my hair.

"Come on, baby, party time." He pulls on my hand toward the crowd.

There is a DJ booth surrounded by people dancing and drinking from red solo cups. The fire burns hot on the beach, with people holding sticks with marshmallows on the end against the hot flames.

"I want a marshmallow." I whisper to Luke.

"It's your party, baby, do what you want." He winks at me and kisses my hair again, softly, and lets me go.

I go sit on a large piece of driftwood, marshmallow and stick in hand, and put it against an orange flame.

"Hi." A red-haired girl comes to sit next to me and gives me a warm smile. "Happy Birthday, Ella. I know we have never really spoken at school, but this is so cool what Luke has done for you. You're lucky. My name is Chloe by the way." She bumps her shoulder to mine and I give her a smile.

"Chloe, yeah I've seen you around. Thanks for coming, and yes, I am very lucky. He's amazing."

"So, what are you and him going to do when you go to college? He's going to Princeton right?" I sigh and shake my head softly.

"Yeah, and I'm going to L.A."

“That sucks, Ella. Hopefully you guys can meet up regularly and stuff." She shrugs and grabs another marshmallow. I bring mine from the flame, pull it from the stick, and pop it in my mouth. The crunch of the outside compliments the soft sticky warmness of the inside. I groan in appreciation and lean to grab another marshmallow from the bag.

"It does suck, but we'll make it work." I hold my second marshmallow over the flame.

"What is this shit music?" Asks Chloe and I turn my head to listen closely. I laugh and shake my head.

"It's ZZ Top!" I say through a laugh. "They're definitely not shit, Chloe." She shakes her head at me and puts her marshmallow in her mouth.

"Want a beer?" She asks, her head tilted to the side, her warm brown eyes sparkling from the reflection of the flames.

"Sure…" I mumble and she jumps up and walks toward the beer stand.

"Hey, sis." Holly says and pushes my shoulder forward from behind. She has a guy attached to her side.

"And who is this?" I ask, my left eyebrow raised at the guy.

"This is Daniel. We've been together for a week. Mom said I could bring him with me tonight and introduce you all properly."

"Oh, so this is who you were texting constantly in England?" Holly blushes slightly and pulls him tighter to her.

"Yup." She smiles down at me and I hand her my roasted marshmallow. She puts it in her mouth and chews.

"Nice to meet you, Daniel." I say, my arm extended. He grabs it and gives me a firm shake.

"It's Danny, and you too, Ella." He smiles warmly at me, his brown hair slightly covering his brown eyes.

"Look after her, she's special."

"I know." He whispers and kisses her hair. "Come on, baby, let's go have a dance." Holly giggles and he pulls her toward the sand made dance floor. The microphone makes a crackling sound and a high screeched noise and I turn to stare at who is about to speak.

"Hey, everyone." Luke smiles at the crowd and I smile at the sound of his voice. I swing my legs over the driftwood so that I'm facing the DJ stand.

"As you know, we're all here for Els today. She might not know you all, but you all told me individually that you cared for her. So, Ella, these people are here for you because they want to be." I turn away, my cheeks flaming.

"You are worth so much, baby, so much. I hope this has been a good birthday for you and I know it's not for two weeks, but as everyone knows, I won't be here. So, Ella, here is my present to you, happy birthday." He puts down the microphone, grabs a wooden stool, swings his guitar over his shoulder, and comes to sit in front of me.

"Hey, baby." He whispers and pulls his plectrum from the strings.

"Hi." I manage and gulp back the feelings.

"This is for you, Ella." His guitar starts to play a soft melody and people gather around us. His voice fills the air and the tears bare against my eyes.



If I could turn back the days and see you again

Watch your smile fall against your face

Hold your heart so close to mine

I would, if I could

But now I've found you

And I never want to let you go

But I have to and it’s going to cause us pain, it’s going to break us in half

But know this

I am forever yours

Forever and always

If you look to the sunshine

There I will be

Watching you everyday

Forever and always

This is it for us



Your laugh is a breath of fresh air

Your hair as perfect as the setting sun

Your blue eyes diamonds of the night

If you ever feel like letting go

Remember I'm right here, by your side

I am forever yours

Forever and always

If you look to the sunshine

There I will be

Watching you everyday

Forever and always

And you’re leaving

To set your life in stone

To follow your dreams

All on your own but I promise baby, you'll be fine

I will hold on to you through your dreams

I'll be there, right there with you

Forever and always



When he finishes his last notes on the guitar, I stand and take it from his shoulders. I put it gently against the driftwood and cup his cheeks in my hands. I search his green eyes and squat so my hands rest on his knees.

"You take my breath away, all the time. You just, just..." I shake my head to stop the tears. "You're everything, Luke." He stands and pulls me to my feet. He cups my cheeks and pulls my face so his mouth is by my ear.

"You are worth it, baby, you are perfect. No more depression, Ella, no more." He pulls me back and holds my wrist. He gently slides off the elastic band and throws it into the sand. I watch with wide eyes, cautious of what happens next, but I can't explain it, because he's said those words to me, I'm now feeling happier. I don't rely on the depression. Just because he told me not to. He kisses my lips gently and someone shouts the usual "get a room!" at us. I smile up at him and mouth "Thank you." He mouths back, "You're welcome."



******

The party lasts another couple of hours before people start retreating back to Charlotte. Luke thanked people for coming and making it special for me. My dad approaches me and I smile softly at him.

"I know it's your birthday in a couple of weeks, bear, but your mom and I got you something."

"Dad." I groan and smile at the envelope in his hand. "What is it?" I ask as he hands it to me. My mom comes up, stands by his side, and links her arm with his.

"Open it, Ella." She pushes and I slide my pinky finger under the sealed envelope and rip it open. I pull out a pink birthday card, which has 'to the greatest daughter in the world' scrolled across the top.

"I don't think Holly would approve of the card." I joke and open it. There is a check for twenty-five thousand dollars.

"What the hell?" I ask, my face scanning theirs.

"It's for your car, Ella. We know how much you love it; it's so you can get it restored. We saved it for college for you but you don't need it. So go spoil your car. Get it sorted so you can drive it to L.A." My dad beams at me.

"But, what? Mom?" She grabs my shoulders and kisses my cheek.

"For you, Ella. Restore your car and use the rest for a new wardrobe for when you get to college. It's a new you. A happy you." The tears come unbidden to my eyes and I hold my mom. I wrap my arms tight around her and breathe her in. I pull away gently and the tears fall freely.

"I love you guys so much, thank you so much." I smile and look back at the check. "Crazy." I murmur and shake my head.

"We'll see you at home, Ella." My dad says and kisses the top of my head. "Enjoy tonight with Luke, be safe." My dad raises his eyebrow and I hit his forearm through a giggle.

"I'll be fine. See you tomorrow."





 Twenty-Four





The gulls are flying solely through the air; their wings spread wide, gliding softly, their gentle caws creating a peaceful symphony with the crashing waves. The intensity of happiness I'm feeling right now saves everything I ever denied. I'm noticing happier things, brighter things.

The dawn's colors lay delicately on the water, clouds passing through the waves every so often.

The comfort of his arms wrapped around me makes everything beautiful. The warmth of his heart chases away the darkness inside of me. He helps me breathe again after the pain of rejection, of losing my best friend, of the depression that made my life black.

We can't deny the only reason of life. We are constantly chasing shadows, obsessed with re-living our memories. They haunt us, the happier times of childhood, your first kiss, your first love. The darkness in those memories swallows you whole, capturing you in its blanket, consuming you until every happy memory becomes a pain. That's depression, but for me, the blanket has lifted now, and everything is in its fullest, most enchanting color.

But the fear of losing him is now lost to the maybes, and that someday I can find him again.

"Time to go home, baby." He whispers against my hair.

"Mmmm." I groan through closed lips. I breathe in the cold sea air and Luke's arms wrap around me tighter.

"We need to get back in time for prom."

"I know." I reply and turn to face him. "Kiss me." I plead and he lowers his lips to mine and gently kisses my lips, mine work with his, our connection keeping us alive.

"Ella…" He warns. "We need to get back." He says, his lips still in contact with mine.

"Stop kissing me then." I whisper and he kisses me harder, his tongue fighting against mine.

"I…. I can't" he murmurs and pulls me tight against him. We're still distracted when his cell vibrates from his pocket, playing a simple ringtone. Luke grumbles and pulls away from me.

"Yeah? …Oh, hey…Yeah sure, I'm at the beach right now, be home in a few hours. Okay, Dad, calm down, yeah I'll be back before then. Remember it's my prom tonight. Yeah okay, sure I'll take her. Yeah, see you." Luke snaps his cell shut and grins at me.

"What?" I ask as he pulls me back against him.

"Time to go." He says and kisses my forehead. I entwine my fingers with his and we head to my car.



******



"So, I'll see you later?" I ask as Luke grabs his duffel bag from the trunk. I walk around to the driver’s door and go to climb in.

"What, no goodbye?" He asks, slinging his bag over his shoulder. I roll my eyes and walk around to him. I kiss his mouth softly, my hands behind my back, just our mouths connecting. I slip in my tongue and play with him.

"Ella, you'll be the death of me, lady."

I shrug and give him a small wave with my fingers.

"See ya later." I smile and jump over the driver door into my seat. Luke watches and laughs slightly as I adjust the seat and steering wheel back to their original positions and move my rear view mirror to its correct position. He gives me a soft wave and I drive home with Snow Patrol's ‘Chasing Cars’ worshipping my ears.

Just as I pull into my driveway, Jade's sitting on the front door step, her knee bobbing up and down, her manicured fingers shoved in her mouth.

"Don't ruin your nails!" I shout and a wide smirk appears on her face.

"Where the hell have you been, Els? Jeez, you're going to give me a coronary!"

I laugh loudly and she opens my trunk and grabs my bag.

"So helpful aren't you." I smile and walk up to the front door.

"Well, we need to get a certain someone ready for their first ever prom with the most popular and attractive guy ever made!" The laugh that escapes me causes my cheeks to flush.

"I love you, Jade." I giggle as I open the door and throw my keys into the bowl.

"Well, come on!" She gestures towards the stairs and I grab her hand in mine. She damn near pulls my arm from its socket when we approach the landing.

"Yeah...OW!" I groan at her and she opens my bedroom door. I feel my mouth drop open.

"What…the…fuck happened to my room!" Jade gulps when I look at her.

"I…err…tried to make it pretty?"

"Pretty? Pretty! It looks like a make-up parlor!"

"Well it's only for today. It'll be back to normal when you get home later, I promise." She walks into my bathroom and closes the door. Our dresses are hung up on my closet doors, but what is most terrifying is the large mirror surrounded by little black boxes filled with make-up and nail polish. I look through them all and they all look the same but with different shades of eye shadows, eyeliners, and lipsticks.

"Jade!" I yell.

"Yeah? Taking a pee here!" She giggles back.

"Er, you know I'm wearing blue right?"

"Yeah, of course I do."

"So, why are there make-up boxes with orange and yellows in them? Seriously girl, over the top or what?" She opens the door and walks over to me, putting her hand on my shoulder.

"Chill, girly, it's the just in case scenario. Just because the only color you've ever worn is black!"

"That's not true." I pout, folding my arms across my chest.

"Oh yeah, right." She groans and walks over to my make-up chest on my drawers. She pulls it open and pulls out an eyeliner and eye shadow.

"Black…black…and oh, black." She turns to me, the items still in her hand, and laughs softly. "Come on you, let's get ready."

Jade runs over to my bedside table and attaches her iPod to my stereo. She presses play and some dance tune comes on. She shakes her hair from side to side, pouting her lips.

I do the same and dance around my bedroom to the song I don't know. She turns it up to the loudest it can go and grabs my hands. She twirls me around her arm and I do the same to her. She lets me go and I watch her get a large bottle of clear liquid from her bag. She puts her index finger to her lips when I open mine to protest and pours me a small shot into a glass tumbler. She hands it to me and pours her own. I swirl the liquid in the tumbler and Jade smirks at me. She holds it up kisses the air.

"One…two…three!" She says and tips the liquid back and I copy her actions. The warmness hits me first, falling down my throat, leaving a burn all the way to my stomach.

"Right, shower time now, missy!" She demands and pushes me into the bathroom.

"I need a -" Before I can finish a white towel is being thrown at my head. "Hey!" I moan as I lower the towel from my face. She spins around in a circle.

"Hurry the hell up, Ella, we only have a few hours!"



******



Jade's finishing the lace-up back of my dress and every time she pulls me back I fall backwards.

"You're killing me here." I grumble.

"Shut up, you, it's not like you need to be any thinner, let's just get you looking beautiful, hey?" She pulls one last time and ties a small ribbon at the bottom of my back. She leads me over to the large mirror, does a small jump, and claps her hands.

"My work here is done! Right, now I have to finish getting ready." I gaze into the mirror at the girl looking back at me. This is different.

My hair is half up and half down, straightened with a few blue butterfly clips holding it in place. My bangs lay gently across my eyes, which are natural and almost lost without the excess black. My cheeks have a soft pink blush and a clear lip-gloss is glittering across my lips.

A small knock comes from my door and my mom appears with a shoebox.

"Hey, baby…wow, Ella! You look beautiful... STEVE, STEVE!" She shouts over her shoulder.

"Mom!" I argue, she puts the box on my bed, and welcomes me in a warm embrace.

"My little girl looks so beautiful." She's tearing up and I smile gently at her.

"Don't cry, Mom." I hold her hand gently, her blue eyes sparkling beneath the salty tears.

"What’s all the commotion in here?" My dad comes storming in and stops in his tracks when he sees me.

He starts to look around the room. He looks under my bed and tries the bathroom door, but Jade's in there so he can't get in. He looks in my closet and behind my pile of teddy bears in the corner.

"Mands, have you seen, Ella?" He says to my mom and I giggle softly.

"Hi, Daddy." I whisper and he gives me a warm hug.

"You look beautiful, bear, so pretty."

"Thanks, Daddy." He strokes my bangs off my face and kisses my cheek gently.

"We got you a little something." My mom beams. She grabs the box from the bed and hands it to me. With the well-known 'Louboutin' trademark firmly stamped on the top of the box, I frown at my parents.

"Guys, I can't accept whatever beauty lies within this box."

"Just open it, Ella." My mom growls and I roll my eyes at her.

I pull open the white lid and place it on my bed. I gently peel back the white tissue paper to reveal a pair of blue diamante shoes with a killer heel. I pull one out and put the box on my bed. I rest my hand on my mom's shoulder to steady myself and pull the shoe onto my left foot. They have a peephole at the front and my newly pedicured big toe shows though the end.

"Nobody’s going to see them because of my dress." I frown at the thought and my mom shakes her head.

"At least you have them for other occasions, right?" She suggests.

Jade comes bouncing out of the bathroom, her long silver satin dress hugging her figure, every curve and groove shaped to the material.

"You look amazing." I say as she finishes her hair in the mirror next to me. She looks in the mirror at the box behind us and drops her mouth open.

"Who? What? When? WHERE?" She lifts my dress up to reveal my shoes and literally starts drooling. "Oh my God!"

"Quick, someone get her a paper bag before she hyperventilates!" My dad jokes.

"They're beautiful." She slaps my dad’s arm gently and I pull on my other shoe.

"Where the hell are mine?" She scowls at my dad and he gives her a big cuddle.

"Jade, we couldn't forget you." My mom smiles at Jade and hands her a small black rectangular box. She opens it slowly, her eyes becoming more and more intrusive to its contents. Her squeal is so piercing I honestly think she's burst my eardrums. Her arms wrap around my mom, then my dad, and she takes the sparking diamond bracelet from its box. I look over at my mom and scowl.

"Did you guys win the lottery or something?" My mom bursts out laughing and shakes her head slowly.

"No, baby, we just wanted to spoil you. Don't you girls have to get going?" My dad walks away and answers his cell. He snaps his cell shut and wanders back over, a smug grin on his face.

"What are you up to?" I ask, staring into his big blue eyes.

"That's for me to know, bear. Your ride will be here soon."

I don't know why, but the bubbles rise in my stomach.

My blood starts to flow fast through my veins, my heart making more rapid contractions. My jaw clenches as my throat tightens.

Shit, fucking shit.

"Mom…" I groan and the look of my panic settles on her eyes.

"Ella, it's okay, baby, you're okay. You'll be fine. Just breathe deep, in and out, angel, in and out." I put my hand to my chest as it expands fast, in and out, my lungs finding air too difficult to take in.

My fingers tremble beneath my moms and she grabs my shoulders.

"In and out, baby, in and out." I focus my blurred vision on her deep blue eyes and try to stop the feeling of doom demeaning my mind.

"Ella, baby, you are safe here." I repeat it to myself.

You are safe here.

You are safe here.

You are safe here.

I open my eyes, my breathing slowly responding, and I gently sit on my bed.

I breathe stuttering breaths in and out for a few minutes before I can finally breathe a full dose of oxygen.

"I don't know why that happened." I whisper, my mom and dad look at Jade, and back at me.

"It's okay, baby, just the anxiety. You're okay; tonight's going to be fine. You have Luke and Jade, okay?"

I nod in agreement at my mom's kind words and stand to my feet, drawing a deep breath.

Inhale.

Exhale.

"Ready?" I ask, extending a hand to Jade.

"You sure you're okay?" She asks lacing her fingers through mine.

"I'm fine, much better now." I smile softly at her.





 Twenty-Five





"My date is here!" Jade yells and jumps from the couch, nearly falling over in her stilettos. She giggles and regains her balance.

"See you there?" She asks and bends to kiss my cheek.

"Yeah, text me when you get there."

"Okay, babe." She scurries out the door and into Mark's arms. I watch through the window as he kisses her and I feel envious watching them. My dad comes in and hands me his cell phone.

"For you, bear." I take it from his hand and place it to my ear.

"Hello?"

"Hi, my beautiful girl."

"Hi." I grin into the handset.

"You ready for this?" He asks.

"For what?"

"The best prom of your life."

"The only prom of my life." I correct. The door knocks loudly and I jump in my seat.

"See you soon, baby." He says and hangs up. I hand my dad back his cell phone and he shrugs at me.

"Go answer the door then." He says and rolls his eyes at me. I can't stop the smile from claiming my face. I open the door to a delivery guy who is chewing gum loudly.

"Err…hi." He says, a wide smirk spread across his lips. "Delivery for Ella?"

"I'm Ella." I say, raising my hand slightly. He hands me a large black box. It's tall and I have to move it to the side.

"Could you uh…sign here please, miss?" He asks handing me a clipboard and pen. I sign my name and hand it back to him.

"Have a good prom, miss!" He says and wanders back to his delivery truck. I shut the door gently and look at the black box. I rip the brown tape from the top and open the two flaps to a smell of fresh flowers. I pull the bouquet out of the box and breathe in the scent. I put them on the counter and a small corsage is at the bottom of the box, the correct color to match my dress, he remembered. I slip the corsage onto my wrist, it covers my scars slightly and I smile down at it. My phone starts to vibrate in my dress; it's down my cleavage, Jade made me, said it's the most obvious place to keep things. I pull it out and answer.

"First package arrived?" Luke asks as I straighten up my dress.

"Uh...yeah. Where are you?"

"You'll see, baby. You'll see." He hangs up. What the hell is he up to?

Someone knocks on the door again loudly making me jump. I walk back over to the door and open it.

"You've got to be kidding me." I sigh under my breath.

"Delivery for Ella Stone?" This time it's a delivery lady.

"I'm Ella." I say and she smiles softly at me. She leans to the side and passes me a cat travel box.

"What the hell?" I ask and she shrugs at me.

"Bye!" She screeches and jogs back to her car. I turn the box to see two frightened eyes staring at me.

"Moooooom!" I shout and she runs into the landing.

"What wrong, Els-" She bends to look into the box. "Oh." She whispers and looks up to me. "It's a cat."

"I can see it's a cat, Mom. What the hell am I supposed to do with it?"

"Hello, cutie." My mom coos.

"Mom, please!"

"Okay, Ella, relax. Is it from Luke?"

"Yes, well I’d like to hope so."

"Okay. Pass it here… Aw, Ella! It's just a little kitten!" She takes the box into the living room and I call Luke.

He answers on the first ring.

"A cat, Luke? Really?"

"Look outside, baby." I pull back the soft white drape that is by my front door to see Luke stood at the end of the pathway with a big bunch of white roses and a long black limo parked outside. I hang up and open the door.

He walks toward me slowly and sinks to his knees. His hair is brushed to the side gently raised on his head, some soft strands hanging loosely on his forehead. He has a black tuxedo on with a blue cummerbund to match my corsage.

"What are you doing?" I say through laughter.

"You…look…wait. What is a better word than beautiful?"

I blush and bite my lip. "Get up and kiss me." I whisper and he rises to his feet. Even in my 5-inch heels I'm still no match for Luke. He kisses me softly on the mouth and hands me my flowers.

"More?" I ask. "You're spoiling me, Mr. James." He grins at me and kisses my cheek. I walk back inside and put the flowers on the same counter as my others.

"Mom! I'm going!" I shout and she mumbles something back. I shrug at Luke and close the door behind me. He holds his hand out to me and I lace my fingers through his. I smile, but an overwhelming sadness takes over me, realization that I won't see him again after tomorrow.

"You okay?" He asks, holding the limo door open for me.

"I'll be fine." I lie and slide into the limo, taking my dress with me.

The limo is laced with neon lights along its roof, the floor sparkling beneath my feet. Luke sits next to me and gently smiles at me. The limo begins to move and I relax slightly.

"Nervous?" He asks pulling me into his side.

"Sort of, I guess. People have never seen me like this, y'know…confident."

"You'll be fine, baby. You have me, and Jade, and my friends got your back too."

"Thanks." I smile at him and kiss his cheek. He turns his face so his mouth skims against mine. I kiss his lips softly, letting mine work against his. He pulls me harder so I lean over and straddle his lap. I cup his face and kiss him with such passion and desire.

"Drink?" He asks and I move off him.

"Sure." I shrug and he laughs gently. He presses a button on the console to the side and a cooler appears with a bottle of champagne and a bowl of strawberries to the side. He pops the cork and pours me a small glass.

"Don't tell my dad." He whispers. "This is his limo." I laugh gently and he drops a small strawberry into my glass. I take a sip and groan at the taste. It tastes amazing. I move over to grab another strawberry and Luke stops me half way.

"What are those?" He questions, pointing to my feet.

"Shoes?" I say with a grin. I put my hand to his forehead and he swats me away.

"They're the sexiest fucking things I've ever seen, Ella." I pull my dress up slightly to show him more of the shoe and he moans.

"You and me later, with those shoes. It has to happen." I slap his arm and giggle at him.

"I'll miss you." He murmurs and takes a remote control from the console somewhere.

Justin Timberlake's 'My Love' starts to play and he puts his hand across the back of the seat so his fingers gently caress my shoulder.





 Twenty-Six





Luke

I hold my hand out so Ella's tiny fingers can fit mine perfectly.

Like they should.

One more night Luke, that's it.

One more fucking night. She climbs out of the limo delicately, her sexy as sin shoes showing slightly before she stands and straightens her dress. She really does look amazing.

Her figure is defined by the shape of her dress. Her beautiful brown hair gently flowing down her back. Small butterflies possess her hair giving a new meaning to the word beautiful.

"See you at midnight." I say to the driver and he nods his head in agreement and drives away. I pull her closer to me as we reach the school entrance. People stare and gasp as we walk past them and I can't help but smirk slightly. They're all jealous that Ella is on my arm and not theirs.

"Very nervous." She whispers and I notice goose pimples across her pale skin. The scars aren't noticeable to me now. She's just beautiful. My Ellie.

"Don't be nervous, baby." I whisper into her hair and breathe her in. She smells like vanilla. Always so sweet. Her fingers grip my arm harder as we walk through the school main doors. Her chest is rising and falling harshly, I'm sure it's the anxiety.

"Hey." I stop her and kiss her mouth softly. "Stop, you're okay. You're with me, baby girl. Me, Ellie, okay?" She nods and kisses me back, her soft full lips kissing mine. She bites my bottom lip and pulls it back softly with her teeth.

"I want you." She whispers against my neck. I moan under her words and feel my cock harden.

How does she do that?

"Ella, not here, later, okay?" She grins at me and shrugs her shoulders. I'm really going to miss you.





Ella

Luke and I stop to have our prom photo then move to the gym. His hand never leaves mine and he keeps his thumb skimming my knuckles gently.

A welcome gesture that makes me feel safe. We walk into the gym and it's been transformed. The ceiling is flooded with balloons held in a thin net, most likely for releasing at the end of the night. The tables are lined with girls dressed and looking better than they ever have, looking at the guys smiling softly, hoping one would look over. I roll my eyes at them and Luke pulls me flush against him.

"Forever and always." He kisses me softly and lets me go. "Go find Jade." He murmurs and smiles at me. He kisses my hand and lets it go.

The feel of his fingers against mine won't be there tomorrow. The butterflies will disappear into thin air with hope of him coming to see me, or me to him.

I curse at the tears that come fallen to my eyes and breathe in deeply. I exhale and open my eyes to a high school prom. I am here at my own prom. Three weeks ago, I couldn't even walk the school halls without my hood hiding my face. Most people here probably don't know who I am. My demons are hiding; they're disappearing from my existence. They're still there, lurking in the dark corners, but I'm stronger than they are. I am not weak anymore. I pull my cell from my cleavage and see a text from Jade telling me she's here. I scan the hall for Jade and smile when I see her adding some alcoholic beverage to the punch.

"Jade!" I scream at her and she jumps out of her skin.



Luke

The guys don't pay attention to the little things that I try to find in life. Why did I spend time with these jackasses?

"So when I got there, she was already in her underwear and spread for me on the bed. I couldn't believe the shit I was seeing. Fucking Jenna Roberts!" I turn to the voice that's talking so badly about someone whom I used to care about and stride over to the group.

"So…" I ask, my punch circling my red solo cup. The guy immediately drops his smile and looks to his feet and back up again.

"You had Jenna, huh?" I ask, a smirk forming on my lips.

"Yeah, well sorta."

"Sorta? That's not an answer, dude." I say, scanning the crowd for Jenna.

"I fucked her, yeah." He says rolling his eyes and the guys surrounding him laugh. I nod my head in agreement and spot Jenna.

"Hey! JENNA!" I shout, she waves and comes over.

"Hey, babe, what's up?" She asks and I put an arm around her shoulders. The guy's face drains of blood and looks completely lost. I smile at him and pull her tight against my shoulder.

"So, Jenna, apparently you slept with this guy." I say, gesturing to him with my cup of punch.

"Really?" She asks, her eyebrow raised. Her brown eyes filled with humor. "I don't remember, couldn't have been that good." She says shrugging her shoulders. I laugh loudly and the guy goes a deep red. I stop laughing and walk over so we're inches from each-others face.

"Don't talk down about girls, because dude, without them, you wouldn't be here today. So stop trying to be a big man, you just sound like a jackass. Come on, Jenna." I pull on her arm and pull her to the side.

"So..." She says, her eyes searching mine. The intrusion is unwelcome. "What's up?" She asks, smacking her lips together.

"Nothing, having a good night?" I ask, taking a drink of my punch.

"It's good, yeah." She says, a grin spread all the way across her mouth. "Want to dance?" She asks.

"Not right now. I need to find, Ella." I say and she scoffs at me. "Hey, you know she's my girlfriend, and right now, I miss her pretty face."

"Whatever, Luke. We could have been amazing y'know." She says with her arms crossed over her chest. I scan the hall and she walks away in a stress.



******



Who the fuck is this? Some random girl is grinding up my suit, getting up in my business. I push her away gently, a fake smile playing on my lips. She spills her drink and scoffs at me.

Well, fuck off then little lady.

I wander to the back of the gym, scanning constantly for Ella. I check the watch on my wrist and sigh. What is my girl playing at?

"Hey man."

"Yo, Jamie, you seen Ella?"

"Nah man, we’re all going to mine after this shit gig, weed, y'know, girls." He raises his eyebrow at me, the piercing on it supposing to make him look more masculine.

"No thanks, man. I'm not that guy anymore. Sorry."

"Pussy." He mutters and I grab his shoulder and turn his sorry face back round.

"What did you say?" I ask, squaring my shoulders up to him, my nose inches from his.

"Puss….ay…." He says, his head tilted to the side for each syllable. I push his shoulders hard and he falls down to the floor. "Fuck you, Luke! You're no fucking fun anymore man."

"Yeah, well some of us grow up you dick."

"Whatever, man." He gets up and scurries back to his chosen girl for the evening.

The microphone screeches and 'Numb' by Gary Clark Jr begins to play. Warm arms circle my waist.

"Dance with me or fuck me, it's up to you?" She whispers in my ear, causing a combination of twinges in my trousers. I turn to face her and her lips meet mine, desperation clinging through me.

"I missed you." I purr against her mouth, cup her head, and bring her harder against me. Her hair is soft through my fingers, her lips swollen. The taste of her could never fucking leave me. My tongue fights hers, desperate to keep her hands searching me.

"So…" She says pulling away. "Dance? Or me?"

"Ella…. Don’t give me this shit, you know I want you all day every freaking day." She grins at me, her eyebrows rising as she smiles and I touch her cheek, softly bringing her mouth back for one swift kiss.

"Dance." I say against her mouth and she moans.

"Tease..." She groans and pulls me to the dance floor. I can taste a twinge of alcohol on my tongue, so she must have had some of that poisonous punch. She locks her arms around my back and looks up at me, her beautiful blue eyes delving into my soul.

"No, baby, no dancing like teenagers." I pull her against me hard and she gasps at the contact. Her breasts are flush against my chest and I can feel her rapid heartbeat through my shirt. I lift her dress so my knee can go between her legs and lift her gently. "I'm going to grind you now, baby, and if you come, you tell me." She nods as we work to the music. She grinds against my leg and tilts her head back as I drop her low. My hand is at her lower back, our breaths mixing together. She pulls my face close to hers as our bodies work each other. I'm as hard as a fucking rock. Maybe sex would’ve been better. She moans into my ear, my name breathless whispers.

"Baby, I'm gonna come." She mutters into my ear and I pull her harder against my leg, her desperation and open mouth watching me in awe as I remove my leg and slide my hand under her panties.

"Fuck…" She growls and watches my hand for a second, but then relays her eyes on me. I slide my fingers up and down her and groan in appreciation.

"So wet for me." I whisper into her ear. She holds my neck tight and I'm grateful bodies surround us dancing and nobody is paying attention. Her moans are lost among the music, and as she orgasms, I slide two fingers into her and stroke her delicate muscles softly.

"Luke…" The song comes to a stop and I pull my fingers out of her. She grabs them and wraps her mouth around them.

"You want me to come in my fucking trousers?" I growl and pull my hand away. She shrugs and grins at me.

"Thank you, I needed that." She whispers and kisses my lips softly.



Ella

Jenna comes bouncing towards me in her pink prom dress, a cup of punch in her hand.

"Hey, Ella! Luke told me to tell you he's waiting for you outside. He has a surprise." She whispers the last sentence and nods at me.

"Okay, Jenna, thank you." I try force a smile but her breath makes me want to vomit. I’m not sure I believe her. But the limo we arrived in earlier is at the exit when I step out. The driver holds his hand out to me, takes my purse, and helps me into the back seat. The figure that was sitting on the back seat leaves through the door opposite and it slams behind them, with mine slamming straight after. I try unlocking it, but no use.

"Hey! LUKE!" I bang on the window but the limo speeds off, causing me to fall back against my seat.



Luke

I swirl the orange looking liquid in my red solo cup. What the fuck is this shit? I take a drink and let it run down my throat. That is not punch. It definitely has some vodka or something in it.

"Hey Luke."

Oh fuck off!

"Hey, Evie, you seen Ella?"

"Who?"

"Y'know, Ella, my girlfriend?" I raise my eyebrow at her and she goes a bright red.

"Um…err, no sorry." I nod at her and take another drink of the punch. She scurries off with her friend and I scan the gym for Ella. Where the fuck is she?

Jade.

"Hey, Jade!" I shout, my arm raised so I can wave her over. She really looks amazing.

"Hi, Luke." She smiles at me softly with her punch in hand.

"You seen Ella?" I ask in her ear, as the music has risen to deafening sounds. She leans up to my ear.

"No, she went looking for you about twenty minutes ago." She looks at me and a worried expression crosses her face. I nod in agreement and lean back to her ear.

"I'm going to go look for her, phone me if you see her please." Jade nods and walks back over to her friends. I have the worst feeling right now. I don't know why but I need to see her perfect little blue eyes, just to let my heart beat regularly again.

Right now, it's mixed, I can't catch my breath. I search among the crowd as a Linkin Park track kicks in.

Oh, I love this song, Ella loves this song, where is she?

"Heeeeyyyyyy, babbyy…" Jenna falls against me, her punch nearly spilling on me.

"Jenna." I mutter and put my hands into my trouser pockets. "You seen Ella? And have you been drinking?"

"Yes…and yes…." She slurs. I grab her shoulders and bend so I am level with her brown eyes. "You're so beautiful…" She mutters and I turn my face away from her alcohol infused breath.

"Where did you see Ella?" I scream at her.

"Sarah." She mouths and shrugs her shoulders. “It was always our plan Luke. Fuck this night up for you both, like you fucked us up.” She snarls.

Realization hits at 100mph.

Shit, shit, shit.

I scan the room once more; she is definitely not in here. I would feel her. I run outside and try figure something out. Sarah. Fucking Sarah!

I ask every single person outside, panic cursing my veins. I see Dylan and run over to him.

"Hey, man, what's up? I thought you left?" He asks. He's with some more of the guys. I've sort of got them used to the idea of Ella being with me.

"I can't find Ella. What do you mean thought I'd left?"

"I saw Ella leave about a half hour ago, she went in the limo you guys came in." He shrugs and looks at me.

"Shit…fuck…shit!"

"What's happened, man?"

"Fucking Sarah, that's what's fucking happened!" I run my hands through my hair and groan. "FUCK!"

"Dude, chill out, seriously!"

"You guys have no fucking idea do you? Sarah came into my house last year when we broke up, shredded nearly every item of clothing, and fucked up all my items made of glass. Shit. Now she's got Ella. She attacked her at the beginning of summer. I saw her a week ago, she needed a ride home. She called me, Ella and I had a fight and Sarah needed to talk to me. Fuck…She's got her, she's fucking got her."

"Right man, what do we do?" All the guys are looking at me, all four of my long term high school buddies here for me.



Ella

"Hey! Open this damn visor! HEY!" I bang my fists against the black panel blocking me from the driver. "OPEN THIS NOW!" I scream. I fall to my left and into the stand that holds the champagne. My shoulder is cut, blood pouring down my arm and onto my dress.

The limo swings left and I fall against the seat. I need something to hold on to. Who the fuck is this maniac?

Where is my purse? Shit, that driver took it. Shit, shit! I move to the back of the limo and it goes over a speed bump at what feels a thousand miles an hour. I hit the ceiling and hold my hand to my head.

"FUCK! Fucking fuck!" I try the door and it's locked.

All of a sudden, music fills my ears and is so loud I have to cover them. The limo comes to a complete stop, which causes me to fall flat on my face. "Fucking hell." I mutter and push up on my arms to sit back up. The door opens and fear is all I can feel.

"Out of the limo now, bitch!"



That voice…





Luke

"Right, Dylan, I've phoned my dad, he has security devices linked to all his limos from the firm, so he's going to send me the tracking details when he finds them. Until then, I need you guys to help me find it. I can't believe this is happening on our fucking prom!" I say, my hands running through my hair.

"Dude, it's okay, we've all got your back alright, man?" Says Dylan.

"Cheers, guys." I give them all a nod and they disperse to their cars.

Come on baby, where are you.

My phone vibrates in my hand.

*She's with me. She won't be for long. *

I text back.

*What have you done? *

*Nothing…*

I sigh in relief. My phone vibrates again.

*Yet…*

Fuck! Fucking hell! I can't lose her, I can't ever lose her. This is entirely my fault. She wouldn't be in this position if it weren’t for me. All she wanted was to be accepted tonight, and I have fucked that up for her. I shouldn't have gone near her, I should’ve kept away, but she enticed me in, her broken demeanor and selflessness caused something deep to move inside me.

All the plans I had for our last night, ruined. She's under my skin. It burns when I'm not with her; it causes pain to not have her touch. Her cooling fingers are all that calms me.

Tomorrow, I have to fucking leave her. She's better off without me. I only ever brought her trouble. If I were her, I would have left me.



Ella

"Get out! NOW!"

I stay sitting on the floor of the limo and arms grab at me, pulling me out the door. I fall to the ground and it hurts. My knee stings with pain. I try push myself up, but she hits me across the face and I fall back to the ground. I scrunch the leaves up in my hands, with anger.

I look up but everything seems blurred.

"Sarah?" I whisper and she laughs. She cackles loudly and it makes my blood set on fire. "What the fuck, Sarah?" I ask and stand to my feet. I pull off my shoes and drop them beside me. I don't know what she's going to do and shoes like that won't help me.

"You really have no fucking clue do you?" She spits. "You're so fucking stupid it hurts to watch. You took him from me, you and the rest of the other bitches he tried to fuck." She looks down at her cell and smiles.

"Luke." She laughs, waggling the phone in her hand, and throws it behind her.

"He was in love with me, he told me. You're just another whore that was chosen for his last few weeks here. You mean nothing to him. Nada. He loves me." She hits me across the face again, but I stay upright and hold my cheek.

"When are you going to get that into your thick skull?" She groans loudly and goes to hit me again; I stop her with my hand and shove it away.

"You, Sarah, are fucking insane!" She laughs again loudly, and runs her fingers through her greasy hair.

"Insane, me?" She says and pulls a knife from her pocket. "Yeah, I'm insane, Ella." She stomps back towards me; the knife flying around in her hand and her nose is inches from mine.

"HE. IS. FUCKING. MINE!" She spits at me, her residue coating my face. I wipe a hand over my face and mouth to remove her from my skin.

"You can't claim a human being, Sarah," I say, my eyes scanning hers. "He doesn't want you." She falls backwards with laughter, the mud kicking up from her sneakers.

"I'm sorry?" She says, a wide victorious grin spread across her mouth. "But who did he have in his car the other day? Oh yeah…ME. Who did he fuck that night? Well, I'll leave it to your imagination." She twirls the knife in her hand and stares at me intently.

"You're lying. Why are you doing this? What are you possibly going to gain from this? Apart from a prison sentence. Is it because you love him?" She inhales harshly, pulls a packet of cigarettes from her pocket, and lights one. The flame of the lighter is bright against the midnight air. She puts the cigarette to her dried lips, takes a long exaggerated drag, and blows the smoke in my face.

"Love him? If there were a word that could qualify for what I feel for him, it would be one hundred times better than love. That's not even half of what I feel for Luke. I feel so much more for him. More than you could ever, and that’s a fact." She recovers herself and steps back. "But you had to fucking ruin it all. You, your depression, and your ‘I cut myself’ bullshit. Nobody ever cared, Ella. You're just a waste of space, a waste of this precious oxygen."

I can feel the anger burn through me at a radical pace making me anxious. I clench my fingers into a fist and hold them at my sides. Her words would’ve hurt me a week ago, but right now, I'm stronger than ever.

"You, Sarah, need to back off. I may have had my issues, but at least I didn't steal my ex’s girl and nearly kill her. Why that night at the lake too? That was the second time Luke and I even saw each other and you hurt me. Why did you do that?"

"You deserved it."

“How the hell did I deserve that?"

"You took him from me." She says, her tone becoming more and more hostile.

"You didn't do that to Jenna though did you? Just me."

"Jenna isn't weak." She emphasizes the last word and I push the tears from my eyes. "You are a nothing, Ella. How long did it take for him to have sex with you? A day?"

"Fuck you, Sarah. Hurting someone just because you can't have them is not a reason to hurt them. I have a heartbeat too, y'know. I still feel every hit across my face. Why are you doing this? This can't just be because of Luke leaving you. It can't be." She backs off for a second her eyes focused on the ground, then snaps them back up to me, anger pained through her face. She takes two steps towards me and I move back so that I'm against the limo.

"Sarah, please." I whisper when her pale face is again, inches from mine.

"He's mine."

"No, he's not. He left you over a year ago. You need to let go."

"You don't tell me what I need to do. Not you, not fucking anyone."

Pain.

That's all I can feel. It's strong, causing electricity to skim through my blood. The air won't come to my lungs. My strength is momentarily refused and I can't feel my body. I hold onto my stomach the pain is spreading through me like a virus.



Luke

I snap my cell shut after receiving a call from my dad telling me the location of the limo. Dylan left me his car keys, so I jump into his hummer and drive as fast as I can.

This is my fucking fault. She deserves better. She needs better.





Ella

"Get up, Ella! Get the fuck up!" She screams and walks by me. I grab her ankle and pull her to the ground. I crawl up her body and hit her across the face. I jump to my feet but she grabs my ankle and pulls me back to the ground. We wrestle in the mud before she pins me down.

"I think someone needs to learn some manners." She warns and puts the knife to my throat. I close my eyes.

In that moment, all I can see is Jay. I'm an onlooker. He's waving at me and wants me to sit with him. I watch myself sit with him, my arms free from cuts, from blood, from bruises.

The tears in my eyes are real, like poison. He's telling me that he's not going to die.

That he's going to love me forever. His arms are frail and white, his blue eyes mere shadows against his sheet pale face. His lips curl up into a dry smile when I hold him. His eyes change to sadness and I can see it all.

I miss you.

I'm so sorry.

"Get off of her, right now!" Luke bellows out and Sarah scampers to her feet, dropping the knife beside me. I take in a deep breath and shut my eyes. The tears fall down my cheeks and into the mud below.

"Ella, baby?" Luke asks as he lifts me up. I open my eyes to him and he scans them, looking for me as if I've disappeared.

"Jesus, Sarah, what the hell?" He pulls me to my feet and holds me in an embrace.

"I was pregnant." She exclaims, we both turn to face her, tears falling heavy from her eyes. I look up at Luke, his face ashen and lost in her words.

"What?" He asks, his steps closing in on the distance between them.

"I was pregnant." She repeats, her stare intense against his.



Luke

Pregnant. Baby. Child. Me. Was.

My mind is racing with these words hoping for no truth from this.

"You're lying." I shout and she takes in a deep breath, her worried face choking on sobs.

"No, I'm not." She says and gulps back her tears. "I was pregnant. I was pregnant." She whispers and stares into my eyes.

Her soul is missing, I can't see her anymore. She's not the bubbly bright girl that I felt something for.

"Sarah, I swear to God right now, if you're lying and this is a ploy to hurt Ella any more than you already have, then I swear, I'll get the police down here right now and tell them what you did to her." Sarah holds back and looks over my shoulder at Ella.

"Not her, Sarah, me. Look at me." She snaps her gaze back to mine and shakes her head softly.

"You broke up with me just as I found out. I was going to tell you about it, about everything, but you took that away, you stopped what could’ve been something amazing. We could’ve been amazing." She writhes her fingers in and out of each other. Her frail body breathing harshly.

"What does this have to do with Ella? Why couldn't you have just told me yourself, rather than hurting someone that I love?"

"EXACTLY! You love her. I love you. You hurt me. I hurt you."

"Sarah, love isn't a game. It’s not even a choice. You can't help who you fall in love with. You can't help who you love. I didn't know that you were pregnant. I'm sorry. What happened to the baby?"

"I kept her. For twenty weeks, I kept her. She started to move around and I could feel everything. I could feel our baby kick me, turn around inside me. I loved her. I loved something I had never even met. She was there, inside me, depending on me. I couldn't live without her. She kept my days going. The days when I was getting over you. She reminded me that she loved me." She starts to cry hard and I have to take her in my arms. I hold her tight against me, as her tears are powerful, her body writhing in emotional pain. When she relaxes, I pull her away.

"What happened to the baby, Sarah?"

"She died. I miscarried." She says, deadpanned. Her eyes lose all life as she falls to the floor. This is my fault. I left her and she needed me. I left this girl; she's become a broken mess because of me.

Because of us.

She looks over at Ella, who is leaning against the limo, her eyes fixed on the ground.

I can’t let this pain happen to her too.

"I'm so sorry, Ella." Sarah says and Ella snaps up to look at her. She relaxes slightly and nods her head.

"I understand." She says flat and climbs into the limo. I watch her bare feet covered in mud follow her into the limo and I just want to clean them for her. She slams the door and I know she's crying behind it. I know she's hurting because of this.

My poor Ellie.

I can't hurt her anymore.





 Twenty-Seven





Ella.

The hot water falls against my skin in masses, the feel of it numbing my senses, becoming harsh and scolding me as I gently run the sponge over my newly bruised ribs and small cuts. My finger trails along the inside of my arm, across my new cut. I turn off the shower and grab a warm towel from my towel warmer.

Luke drove Sarah home and has been with her for the past hour. He hasn't called and he hasn't texted. My heart keeps fluttering unexpectedly.

He got a girl pregnant.

I can't do this. I run over to my dresser in a flurry and dig under my underwear to find the blade.

Where the fuck is my fucking blade?

I find it and hold it away from me. The long silver edge is old now; it's the original blade that I stole from my dad so many years ago.

I drop it to the floor suppressing the choking sob that’s so desperate to escape. She could’ve killed me tonight. She could’ve sliced that knife against my throat, in cold blood, all because she lost her baby.

Luke’s baby.

I swallow back the emotion and fall against the cold wall to the floor. The distance I feel to Luke right now is unrecognizable. I feel him, but I can't focus on him. The shadow of my cell phone lights up and I crawl along the floor to answer it.

"Hello." I whisper into the darkness.

"It's me." He sighs and I shut my eyes at his voice.

"Hi." I say, barely loud enough to be heard.

"I need to see you. I'm under the bridge. Come see me if you can get out." He hangs up and I stare at the phone.



******



I look him up and down as I walk toward him. The darkness is unsettling, as it's past 2am.

"Hey." I whisper and bring him close to me. My arms wrap around his neck and he holds me tightly. He pulls me back gently and searches my eyes.

"Ella…" he whispers. “This is so hard."

"What…What is?"

"I'm so sorry." His tone is sad, his eyes staring at the ground.

"Hey, you have nothing to be sorry for, it was all Sarah, I'm fine." I run my fingers gently down his face and he pulls away. I frown at him and he bows his head.

"Ella…. I can't."

"What do you mean, you can't? You can’t what?"

It feels like a grenade has just exploded in my body, the realization of his words, his actions.

"I can't, Ella, we can't." He grabs my shoulders and leans forward so his eyes are staring deep into mine. "I can't." He whispers.

"Luke…. Please." I pull away, and shake my head at him. "No, no, not this…please, baby, please…we can make it work. We can." I wipe my eyes and smile softly at him. "We can make it work."

"No." He replays soundly.

"Please, don't do this to me…. please." My pleas are hopeless against his tough exterior. He has put his walls up; I can feel them stopping me from getting in.

"I need you." I breathe.

"We're over, Ella." He sighs and shrugs his hands into his jean pockets, his head still firmly bowed.

My body can't take the pain. This makes the cuts feel like nothing. The depression feels like nothing. As if on cue, the rain starts.

"And so it begins…" He says under his breath.

"You're breaking my heart, I'm falling apart right here in front of you. You made me fall in love with you, and you warned me. You did." I sniff and shrug at my words. I wipe my eyes with the back of my hands trying to stop the tears and their imminent cascade. I back away and hold onto my stomach. The knot is tightening with every second. "You don't love me." His head snaps up and he looks at me, his green eyes broken.

"No, no, Ella. I love you more than life itself, but I can't do this. This is for us. We need to set each other free. It will just kill us, sweetly, painfully, day by day. I can't live with that pain, Ella, I just can't."

"So you'd rather live without me?"

"If it means you'll be happy, then yes, always."

"I won't be fucking happy you idiot! I will be a shell. A nothing without you. Don't you see that? I’m nothing without you." I feel my knees buckle beneath me and they hit the concrete hard.

"Luke…" I shake my head. "You will always be a part of me. I'll forever feel you in every dream, in every memory. You're going away and I'm never going to see you. I won't be coming home, not like I should be; I can't afford it. I won't see you again." I whisper the last words and hold my head in my hands. The feeling of my body heaving, desperate for tears to escape, is making me weaker, second by second.

His arms wrap around me and he pulls me to my feet. He holds me tight against him and I listen to his quickening heartbeat.

"This is going to be the last time I hear your heartbeat, isn't it? The last time I feel you against me. Your smell, your touch…." My words just make me sob harder and his arms grow tighter around my fragile body.

He pulls me back gently and his warm lips kiss me softly, I allow his tongue entrance and his hands cup my cheeks. We kiss each other like our lives depend on it.

On us.

I pull away gently and he rests his forehead on mine.

"Love is supposed to be stronger than distance." I whisper and he shuts his eyes at my words. “This is number four." I whisper. He looks into my eyes and runs a hand through his hair.

"What?" He says his tone deep and lost. I sigh and drop my head to look at my shoes. He tilts my chin back up and runs a thumb across my lower lip. I turn my head away and breathe out deeply.

"What?" He repeats and I meet his eyes.

"This is the fourth time I have been hurt around you and every time you have saved me. But now, you've broken me, I’m broken. Nobody is here to fix me this time. Who's going to fix me?" He leans his forehead against mine.

"Ella. I've just been told that I could have been a dad, but I was selfish. I ignored the girl that wanted to be happy. I let her get depressed, alone, violent, and needy. I let her chase me because I was so fucking selfish to see the truth. She wanted a happy life with me. She was perfect, beautiful, and I broke her. We need to end this now, Ella. We have to end this now." I push away from him and stumble backwards nearly losing my balance.

"End this? So, we are just a "this" now?"

"You're everything I could ever need, Ella." I run towards him and cup his cheeks.

"Then don't do this. Please, don't do this." I search his eyes and he shakes his head. He kisses my lips gently and pulls away. I hold onto his arm and he bows his head. He turns his broken face back to me and smiles gently. He grabs my hand, kisses it softly, and lets me go. I grab his hand again and he sighs.

"Let me go, Ellie."

"I can't." I whisper. "Please, Luke, don't do this. You promised, forever and always." I sob, my body still shaking.

"Goodbye, Ella." He whispers as he unfolds my fingers from his skin. His heat gone, his touch gone. I watch as he walks away, his back to me, to us.





******





I gently hold back my drapes with trembling fingers as I watch the world wake up.

Everything just feels so much darker.

Lonely.

The darkness of the early morning seemed to seep in through the window, engulfing me in its blanket, and stealing my warmth.

Of course it's raining.

I can't, I won't cry anymore, but it's too hard. The unexpected heave of feelings climbs through my body like it's trying to eat me alive. The feeling of pain, of hurt…loss. I hold my stomach and try to control the violent sobs that escape. The floor is unforgiving as my knees hit it hard.

I hold onto his hoody and cry into it. I knew it. I knew it would be this hard. The feeling of not being able to hold his hand, touch his lips with mine, feel his heartbeat against my hand. The last few days were as expected.

Well actually, not as expected…especially not the whole Jenna, Sarah, Luke coming to rescue me scenario, but he and I had loved each other.

I try lifting my deadweight body from the floor, but it's just so hard to want to get up. I hold up my wrist and look at my bracelet. It just makes me cry so much harder.

It is NOT true what they say. If you love someone, you definitely do NOT set them free.

The loneliness I’m going to encounter in LA scares me. The repeat of high school frightens me. I'm going to be alone. Independent. Jay always told me to follow my dreams. Follow my life's ambitions and hopes. I let out a small groan and find some strength. I walk over to my radio and switch the dial to the left.

"Hey there folks, it's 5am here in Charlotte, and here we are with yet again, rain! Next up, Green Day - When September Ends."

I sit on my bed and turn the radio up loud. I sit and listen to his voice, his feeling through his singing, the strong drumbeat. This song came on when Luke and I drove home from the lake. I had an anxiety attack, well almost. Now, I can feel the song, I can feel the music.

The world knows. That song was destined to play today. It was meant to play at this time, because I’m already awake, watching my heartbreak. It was meant to make me feel what it has. It was meant to rain today, to portray the pain we both feel when we're apart.





Four weeks later



The Los Angeles sunshine is welcoming as I walk along Huntington Beach, my sunglasses shading my shadowed eyes, empty from pain. The air is warm and fresh with the smell of the ocean. I take off my sandals and hold them in my hand. I walk towards the water and smile at the sound of the sea gulls. The white waves crash against my feet, my toes buried into the sand.

Three thousand miles away from me, I can hear him.

"Just close your eyes, Ella, and you'll be with me."

I can feel him behind me. He's holding me like he was at Carolina Beach. His head is resting on my shoulder, his mouth muttering soft words against my hair.

He's right here with me.

In my heart.

Except he’s not.

Not even close.

To Be Continued…





*Author Note. *

During this  there is forms of physical and emotional abuse.





Epilogue




 One Of Always And Forever





November 2011.





I peel myself away from the sweaty skin that's resting across my waist. I move the man’s arm gently and stand to my feet. The floor squeaks slightly and I freeze on the spot as he turns back over.

"What the hell was I thinking?" I groan quietly and gently slip on my lace panties that are delicately hanging from the bedpost. With them back in their rightful place, I sneak around to the other side of the room and find my dress from last night’s ridiculous party.

Going to a party with Jade always ends up like this. I mentally block the stupid girls head out of my mind for now and close the door to this guy’s shabby apartment behind me. When I reach the outdoors, the fresh, hot LA air hits me first, filling my lungs with sweet, smoke free air.

I scramble through my purse looking for a dime, a dollar, anything. I find my wallet, cell, and pull out a dollar bill. I spot a vending machine across the parking lot and stride over, barefoot, my heels in hand. I put in my dollar, type in the number for water and bend to pick it up. I unscrew the cap and place the bottle against my dry lips. I drink it all in literally ten seconds. I find one more dollar and buy another.

Right, Ella, taxi. I run towards the sidewalk and walk a few blocks down. Why, why, why?

I promised myself I wasn't going to do this anymore with stupid, random guys. I try blocking the flashbacks of last night, not only how shit the sex was, but how that guy was plain terrible. I sigh and hail for a taxi. It pulls up beside me, and I slide into the passenger seat.

"Thanks." I mutter and pull out two fifty-dollar bills.

"Where to, lady?" I raise my eyebrow at him, his sweaty forehead making me gag slightly.

"Um, ‘Traves Avenue’ please." I say through a gasp as he speeds away - fast.

"Flashy lady, huh? Looks like you had a one night stand to me." Oh, fuck you Mr. Taxi man.

"Hey! I pay you to drive me home, so drive me. No dictating my life to me, okay?" He shrugs, and put's his foot down. An image of guy number- fuck knows, makes my stomach churn. Images of his deep brown eyes capture me for a second and I gaze through them in my mind. It was the eyes, clearly. I roll my own eyes at these thoughts and pull out my cell. I have emails from my boss, and one text from Jade.



*Hey girl, had 2 go back 2 work. Hope you get home okay. Left some goodies for you at home. *



Oh, goodies. I smile and reply to her.



*In a cab right now. Just turning into the complex. Hope you have a good day on set and enjoy it. Miss you.

PS. I'm never drinking sex on the beach again ;)*

I ruffle through my purse to find my keys. I push it into the lock and walk into my hallway. Simba, my big fat ginger cat, immediately greets me. Another memory of Luke sucked into my life like a leach. I throw my bag on the side table and pour a large glass of white wine. Before I take a sip, I check my cell and realize it's nine-thirty am. Okay, Ella, way too early. I roll my eyes and pour the wine down the sink. Simba is weaving through my legs like a maniac and I bend down to pat his head.

"Fat little kitty." I coo at him and he meows in appreciation when I pour some cat food into his bowl. I go to turn on the kettle and my cell begins to vibrate. I see it's Eric, my very extravagant work colleague, and answer the call.

"Yeah?" I say, holding my cell between my shoulder and cheek.



"Ella! Darling! Princess! Angel!" I roll my eyes and a grin appears instantly on my face. I open my refrigerator and eye up the pizza box from last night. I grab a slice and take a big bite.

"Hey, Eric, what's up?" I say through a mouthful of pleasure.

"Hey, girl, whatcha eating? Not a man I hope?" He gasps in amusement and I nearly begin to choke on my pizza.

"No, baby, just a pizza." I say through a laugh.

"Oh, beautiful, it's nine a fucking m. You need to watch those curves, girl."

"Shut up!" I run the faucet and wash my hands of the sticky pizza grease.

"Oh, you know you love me, bitch. Hey listen, the CEO is in today. Did you get my memo?" I knock a glass over at his admission. "You okay? Ella?"

"No, I'm not fucking ready! And no, I didn't receive any frigging memo! What time is he in?" I say, carefully picking up the small pieces of glass.

"Around ten-thirty, -ish. You need to get ready, girl." He says and clicks his tongue.

"Oh, fuck off, Eric. Listen, my cars at work, do me a favor and drive it here. Please." I say, in my best angelic voice.

"You'll be the death of me, Ella, see you in ten, missy, be ready." I throw my cell on the table and run to the bathroom.



******



Work made me depressed.

I know, I know, stupid word to use.

I work for an enterprise, which consists of writing shit, for shit reasons. I have next to no money, live in Jade's posh LA apartment, and spend most of my evenings polishing off a bottle of wine, and sleeping with men.

The sex is always empty, that's what I live with needing now, sex, and lots of it. It makes me feel vulnerable and wanted. I'm twenty-four years old. I'm living my fucking life. My mom never calls anymore; my sister doesn't even want to know me. I'm worse off now then I ever was in high school. The only thing that makes me happy is Jade. She's my best friend, when she wants to be. She works away - a lot. She's an actress, insanely famous, to the point where paparazzi even follow me around.

I wasn't scared anymore though, of life.

Of anything.

Before, I'd cut myself, I'd let the blood flow from the wound and smile as the release flowed out, but now, that's what sex did for me. I couldn't have children. After purging for years after high school, I fucked up my body, the periods were non-existent, and I constantly felt ill. Polycystic Ovary Syndrome the doc said, but instead, to me, it's a fucking disease, a punishment. The ominous CEO didn't come in today.

No surprise, I work for the guy and I’ve never even met him. So, I returned to my cave, to face all the demons in my head, and fall back into a reality that was actually all-so fake.



******



"Nathan please, don't." I begged, backing up against the wall. Putting his fist next to my face, I gulped back the fear and watched his dark angry brown eyes scan my body.

"Was he good, Ella? Did he satisfy you?" Looking back into the eyes of a harmer, I panicked under his gaze. "Did. He. Satisfy. You. Ella?" Swallowing hard, I felt the tears I didn't want to come appear at my eyes. "Answer me, dammit!" Punching the wall hard, his fist went straight through. I shook my head just to shut him up and he smirked slightly.

"Not as good as me, right?" Removing his fist from the wall, he slapped me across my face hard, causing me to fall to the floor with blood filling my mouth.

The taste of metal. I spat it out. I looked up and saw his knuckles were bleeding profusely and he had that stare across his brow.

"It's me, Ella, you fucking know that, you dirty, bitch." His hands clasped around my throat and I struggled to take another breath. He lifted me to my feet. Why I always came back to Nathan, I didn't know. He had this hold on me that I couldn't shake off. Yet, we both cheated on each other. The blood began to slow through my veins and I couldn't feel the pain that was desperate. My head began to swim, a cloud washed across my eyes. Nathan let go of my throat and pulled me towards his bedroom - and again, he would have his way with me.



******



This was worse than any depression I claimed to have suffered during high school. Nathan was bound to kill me some day, and I kept it going, I was too afraid to tell the police; he had threatened to go after my friends and family if I ever reported him.

Awakening in Nathan's bed, I felt sick. I always felt sick. Running to the bathroom, I let the contents of my stomach escape from me. Letting the retches take over my body, I held onto the sides of the toilet bowl. Not caring about the state of the dirty floor, or the lime scale around the rim. After my body had let itself recover from its torture, I switched on the radio in his bathroom and Radiohead's ‘Creep' filled the dark room. Looking into the mirror, I saw deep black bruises across my pale skin, the purple outline tender and sore. Running my finger along the bruise, I winced. My eye was the worst, the purple bold and strong around the socket and the swelling causing it to nearly shut. I was always the victim. I didn't want this anymore. Unlocking the door, I burst into Nathan's bedroom, and ripped the comforter from his body.



"What the fuck?" He stirred and stared at me. His face mellowed when I stood naked before him.

"Is this what you want me to look like? Marked, ashamed by you?" I spat at him, my anger profuse. He smiled and stood from the bed. I know why I was attracted to Nathan, he made me feel like nothing to him, which is what I wanted, to hide the pain of my past.



"Always, Els." His fingers traced over his marks and his lips gently grazed my lips. "You're so beautiful, I'm so sorry I did this to you, you just make me so - so fucking mad." I gave in to his kiss and let him work against me before I pushed him away.



"I've got to go, I need to get to work." I stammered, falling around the bedroom looking for my things. I felt his dark eyes follow me, invading me more than he had already. Glancing at myself in the mirror, I saw that my eye was much worse. "Fucking hell, Nathan. What am I going to tell them at work? Look at the state of me!" He shrugged and pulled the comforter back over his body. "Well thanks for caring. Ass." He flipped me the bird and I opened and slammed his front door.

As I stepped into the sticky LA air, I felt the smoke leave my mind as I tried to clear him away. Walking over to my car, I drove home.



******



"Hey, Ella, what the hell?" Daisy pulled on my arm and into the girl’s restroom. She gently pulled my sunglasses from my face and gasped in horror. Her hands instantly covered her mouth and she shook her head. "I'll fucking kill him." She began to leave and I grabbed her arm. I went to work, regardless of the bruises. I need something to take my mind off Nathan. He was a craving now.

Like an addiction, but yet, something still so much stronger than that.

He had me under lock and key, he made me feel like the piece of shit I was.



"Wait. Daisy, it's okay. I'll be okay." Daisy was my closest friend at work; she knew everything about my life. She saved me all the time.

"You need to finish with him." She stated firmly. "Or I'll beat his ass. You deserve better." I pushed my sunglasses back over my eyes, and felt a curtain cover me.

"I'll be fine." I repeated. "I cheated on him, I deserved it."

"What? Are you blind? Nobody deserves a black eye and I'm guessing he had his way with you again? When is it going to stop, Ella?"

Shrugging my shoulders, I stepped back from her. "I don't want to talk about that right now, okay? Just let me deal with it."

"Okay." She whispered. "Just so you know, the CEO is hanging around today. I had a meeting with him yesterday. Just try stay away from him, and, well, anyone.. Okay?" Nodding, I pulled out a light pink lip-gloss and streaked it across my lips.

"I'll be fine." I lied; to myself and to her. Daisy pulled me into an awkward hug and I tried my hardest to keep my arms covered.

Breathing in, I walked what felt like ten miles to my desk, and sat down on my chair. Pulling the lever underneath, I made sure I was at my lowest. A bright yellow sticky note was stuck to my iMac. Pulling it away, I read it, and felt my stomach flip over.



Ella,

I don't know why you're late, but the CEO has asked to see you at 10:30am.

Tyler.



Screwing up the note, I threw it into my trashcan and picked up the office phone.

"James’ Enterprises." Jamie's soft voice flowed through the line.

"Jamie, it's Ella on level six. Can you put me straight through to Tyler's office please?"

"Sure, babe." I waited for the connecting tone and sighed when Tyler's voice appeared.

"Ella. Get my note?"

"Yeah, I did, Ty. I'm sorry I was late - again. Listen, I can't meet the CEO today, I'm not well."

"Unlucky, if you want to keep your job, Ella, you need to step up. You have been slacking recently, what's with you?"

"Nothing." I lied. "I'll be fine, but do I really have to meet him today?"

"Yeah, you do. Mr. J insisted. Listen, I don't think it's anything bad, okay? I just think it's a general check up on your department. You guys have been working so hard all year, so I don't think it's anything sinister. You've met your targets and followed procedures. You should be fine." He pressured.

"Okay," I whispered, terrified of what the CEO will think. "Where do I have to be?"

"Meeting room, level ten, in ten minutes. Okay?" He said calmly.

"Sure." I squeaked.

"Have a good day, Ella."

"Thanks, Tyler, you too."



Pulling down my skirt to cover the bruise on my thigh, I stepped back into my shoes and took my notebook and basics and made my way to the meeting room. The sunglasses still shaded my eyes and I tried to cover the best I could with concealer. Wandering into a passing restroom, I pulled down my hair and parted my bangs to cover my eye. My hair just made it look like a shadow. Folding up my sunglasses, I straightened myself up, and breathed in deeply. Knocking gently on the meeting room door, I felt my heart in my throat. What if I get fired? What if I lose everything?

"Come in!" Shouted a masculine, familiar voice and I pulled on the metallic handle. Taking a step forward, I leaned back against the door as it shut. My notebook clutched to my chest, I took another deep breath.

"Please take a seat at the end of the table -" Mr. J paused to look at his book, "Ella."

Pulling up the chair at the opposite side of the table, I felt bile rise to my throat. I swallow it back down and glance up at the CEO, he’s still looking down at his papers, but I see his face.



I know him.

