Alex takes a long drink of his cappuccino; his tongue cleans his upper lip of froth and puts the mug back on its small serving plate."How are you?Life?Everything?""I'm good. "I say with a small smile."I have college in three weeks, I'm going to Los Angeles. "I take a long drink of my coffee."You?""That's amazing, Ella.So happy for you and that you got where you wanted.That writers program is there, right?"I smile at him just because he remembered something so stupid that I wanted to do at that point, in this point of my life."Yeah. "I say through a smile."You remembered. "He smiles at me and shakes his head."I'll always remember, Ella. "Ergh.A pang of guilt hits me square on in the stomach.I left him here, I broke his heart.He fell in love with me.I watched him do it.I watched all the gentle touches, the finger playing, the small forehead kisses.I knew it.But I still chose to leave it."I'm so sorry, Alex.For everything I did. "I bow my head and try to look away.He comes and sits on the chair next to me.His warm hand touches mine and he tilts my chin up to meet his ocean blue eyes."Don't apologize, babe.We had something, nobody could ever deny that.But it doesn't matter now.It was three years ago.It changed my life, but I know for a fact it didn't have any impact on yours. "He kisses me sweetly on the cheek and resumes his seat.Alex and I spent the whole day looking in shops and it consisted of me trying on hideous clothes just to make him laugh.We talked for such a long time about what that summer meant to us both.How it did, in some ways, make me a little bit more confident.But nothing like Luke does.Nothing.He dropped me home in plenty of time, and when I got back nobody was in.So I got dressed into my pajamas, and watched American teen shows on 'E4. 'Eighteen      Stop touching my shoulder.Stop touching my cheek.Stop touching me.I stifle a moan and open my eyes.Luke's green eyes look intently into mine, which are squinted from the sunlight.He strokes my cheek and smiles at me."Hey, sleepyhead. "He whispers and kisses my forehead.I sit up slowly and stretch my arms above my head, making a satisfactory moan.I look at the couch and frown.I hate sleeping somewhere uncomfortable."What time is it?"I say, rubbing my eyes so they wake up a little more."Like, four in the afternoon. "Luke laughs and lifts me up out of the chair and wraps his arms around my waist.I automatically wrap my hands around his neck; it does literally stretch the whole of my arms out to reach.I look him up and down and glare at him in disgust."Ergh, Luke!You stink!"I try to get free from his grasp, but he just holds me harder."You know you love it. "I turn, so my back is to him, and his hands are holding me at my stomach.I sag against them, because he is just too strong for me, and sigh.He pulls me back and holds me against him.He bends down so his mouth is next to my ear and breathes in."You're too fucking beautiful. "I groan under his words and his lips gently press to my neck.I let his arms loosen a little and I wriggle free."You smell like fish!"I shout and run to the other side of the room.He grins at me and walks slowly across the laminate floor.I run to the left so I am behind the sofa."You playing hard to get, baby?"He leans against the table and crosses his arms."Maybe. "I whisper and shrug.He nods and moves away from the table."Just remember, beautiful, you're the one that's ticklish. "He smirks and launches toward me.I run to the right and then to the left as he comes at me from each side.Millie jumps to attention from her snooze in front of the open fire and starts barking at us.My laughter is so natural it scares me.I haven't laughed for real in so long."We could go all day, baby. "He laughs and tilts his head to the side.Oh god, he's just so dreamy.He launches for me again and this time we end up running around the sofa like idiots.My giggles are ferocious and welcome.I'm out of breath when we are back to square one."What now?"I ask, lifting my arms and dropping them to my sides.He climbs onto the sofa and grabs my wrists.I didn't see that coming."Trapped," he mouths and my smile fades fast.He pulls on my wrists and they come with me over the sofa and into Luke's lap.He still has hold of my wrists and pulls me under him gently.He lowers his head so that his mouth is inches from mine.My breathing is fast because of the running but my heart is beating so fast for a whole other reason."You're trembling. "He whispers and I nod slowly."I love that your heart beats like that for me, baby, me too. "He lets go of my right wrist and presses my hand to his heart.It really is beating just as fast as mine."God, Ella " he lets go of my other wrist and presses his soft lips to mine.Soft sweet kisses turn violent and needy.His tongue sweeps my bottom lip for entrance and I comply.As his tongue hits mine, the electricity and burst of butterflies makes my blood run faster than usual, causing my heart to race even faster.The feel of his kiss makes everything clear.It makes everything worth it.He pulls away gently and rests his forehead against mine.He looks down at me and his eyes look funny, but he looks at me so intense, like he can see right through me."Ella," he whispers."Don't you ever stop, not ever, loving me.It's me and you, forever and always, okay?Don't you dare.Not ever. "I smile at him and push my hands into his hair and his lips crash against mine.I smile beneath the kiss."Never. "I whisper.He sits up abruptly and pulls me up, so that my head is against his chest, as he is still straddling me."SoI think someone lost. "He smiles at me and I scream as his fingers invade my sides, running up and down, tickling me hard.I fall beneath him and he doesn't stop as my giggles and screams fight with me.I stop writhing once my muscles ache and can't take it anymore.He smiles at me and leans down, his hair tickling my forehead slightly.He kisses me soundly and gets up.He holds a hand out to me and pulls me to my feet."Shower. "He mutters."Someone says I smell. "He lets go, walks out of the room, and up the stairs.******    "That airplane ride was too long!"Holly moans as we land at Charlotte International Airport.I have Holly to my right and Luke to my left, he begged for the window seat.My head is leant back against the uncomfortable chair and my legs stretched as far forward as they can go."Coach isn't too bad. "I mumble through a yawn.Luke nudges me hard in my ribs and I wince."Ow!That hurt!"I shout and punch his arm."Coach is definitely bad.I miss my first class. "He pouts and turns to face me."You're definitely too cute. "I push his cheeks together so he makes a squished up face and giggle at him.He puts his hand on my thigh and gently moves it higher to territorial ground."Luke!"I whisper into his ear."Holly's right there!""And?"He whispers back, a smirk across his lips.I pick up his hand, move it back to his own thigh, and gently graze my fingers across his groin.I feel him shudder and move my hand back to my lap."Bitch. "He mutters under his breath, and I laugh.******    "Breakfast?"Luke's holding out his hand to me as we park outside my house.I take his hand and his fingers lace mine."Luke. "I whisper too quietly."I lied to you. ""Ella, what the hell do you mean?Lied to me about what?"I swallow, hard trying to find the words.This is such a big deal, I know it is.I promised myself from day one I wouldn't do this, I wouldn't lie."I, um "  "Spit it out, Ella. "He snarls, and releases my hand.Definitely a bad sign."I lied to you.The day you went fishing with my granddad and my dad, I, um, I met Alex. "He looks at me and then straight ahead.He bows his head and his fingers curl around the steering wheel."Why?""I don't know.I'm sorry. ""I told you it was fine that you went to meet him.I said it was okay.Why lie to me about it?God, Ella, why fucking lie?"He turns to look at me and I stare at my fingers in my lap.I feel the tears build inside me.His tone is one I don't know.I've hurt him."I really don't know.I'm sorry.I guess Im, I dont know.Maybe Im just so scared of losing you. ""You can be sorry all you fucking want; it still doesn't change the fact that you lied to me.Scared of losing me?Clearly you arent otherwise you wouldnt have lied. "He hits the steering wheel hard and turns to face me."What happened?You wouldn't lie unless something happened.You sleep with him?"I look at him shocked and the tears arrive."God, Luke, no, nothing like that. "I go to touch his hand and he pulls it hard away from me."Its funny; even now you're lying to me.Get out of my fucking car right now. ""What?"I mutter, barely a whisper."Car.Get.Out.FUCKING NOW. "He screams at me, I unlock the door, and slam it shut."FUCK YOU!"I scream as he pulls away, his tires are spinning so fast that smoke appears.I turn and kick the wall behind me hard, "Fuck, fuck, fuck!"I fall to the ground and pull my knees up to my chest.The tears fall hard down my cheeks, I feel such numbness and I can barely breathe.What have I done?I pull out my cell and dial Luke's phone.No answer.I jump to my feet, pull out my car keys from my pocket, and jump into my Mustang.He needs to know the truth.Nothing happened.Nothing happened.I put the keys in the ignition, turn, and nothing happens."FUCK!"I scream and try again.I bash my hands against the steering wheel and cry into my hands.I try once more and it starts.I sit up and reverse out of my driveway.I apologize mentally to my Mustang and drive through Charlotte.Luke isn't home when I reach the foyer of his penthouse at the Madison.The glass vase has been replaced though.I look at the bright yellow flowers that now accompany the vase.They're so pretty.I sit on the white couch in his foyer and write him a letter.Dear Luke.There are things in life that are inevitable.I am powerless to control them, the sun will rise, the tide will come in and out, and the seasons will change.The birds will fly south and a caterpillar will change into a butterfly.Somehow, I feel reassured by this because many other things in life are so peaceful.Luke, from the moment we met I knew this would develop into something beautiful, just as I am sure the caterpillar will one day be a butterfly.Without you, my life would be empty of all inspiration.There will be no work of art for me to gaze at, no person of greatness before me, no melody to listen to.My life will only exist in shades of grey instead of vibrant colors and I will be less than whole.In the past, my innermost feelings have remained locked away in my heart.No more though, through this letter Luke; I proclaim my love and devotion to you   and you only.Forever and Always.Your Ellie.I fold it up and write Luke on the side.And then I wait  And wait.And wait.And wait.I check my cell when I realize I have been sitting here for such a long time.10:30pm.What?I lay down on the sofa and think; try to feel anything that can take my mind off the way he was when he told me to get out.That hurt and anger on his face, I had caused that, I caused the pain.Me.Me.Me.I'm such a fucking let down, such a lie.I knew I would fuck this up somehow, fuck us up.I know I wouldn't feel this pain unless I loved him.I do, of course I do.I don't know why he thinks that I would have cheated on him.I'm not that obtuse am I?I'm not that pathetic.He doesn't trust me.That, well that hurts.I have given him every right not to trust me.To hate me.I gave him that.I sit upright and put my head in my hands.I yawn and stand up.I can't wait here anymore.As I travel down in the elevator, I pull my keys from my jeans.The elevator pings as it reaches the bottom and the doors open.I cross the threshold of the Madison's lobby and smile at Clive, the regular security guard.He smiles back and gives me a small wave.It's raining.But, wait that's, that's Luke's car.I leave the building and walk towards the black Mercedes.The windows are steamed up.I can't see inside.Is he hurt?Is he okay?I run over to the drivers door, the rain crashing down onto my body.I look over to my Mustang and groan.Great, the roofs down.I knock sheepishly on the drivers window and wait.The window begins its descent and I cringe at what could happen.He told me to leave a few hours ago.Hell, 14 hours ago.When his green eyes come into view, all the memories from the past few weeks flood my mind.Kisses, making love, rain.Who's that?Who is that?Someone is sitting next to him, but I can't see them."Yes?"He asks sarcastically."Um, hi. "I manage.He shakes his head in exasperation and it makes me angry."I waited for you. "I am now shivering so hard from the cold it makes my body ache."And?"He asks."Hey, Ella. "That voice.She leans forward and I step back.I can't catch my breath, it's disappeared.I don't know where it is; it's just left my body in a rush.She faked her voice?But, why?It WAS her the night I was attacked.I fucking knew it!"Sarah" I whisper and she smiles at me.Luke rolls his eyes at us and sits back."Ella, go home.It's freezing out and I can't deal with your drama right now. "You know what, that's fucking it."Luke, get out of the car. ""What?No. "He shakes his head and shrugs at me."If you ever loved me at all, you will get out of the car. "I say through clenched teeth.I pull on his door handle and it opens."Get out. "I shout.He sighs, unbolts his seatbelt, and steps out."Sarah, stay there. "He mutters to her."Yes, Sarah darling, please stay there. "I say at her sarcastically.She rolls her eyes and crosses her arms."What do you want, Ella?"Luke asks as he slams the door shut."Well, state the fucking obvious, Luke, but I think, I'm not sure, that I want you. "Sarah giggles and it just makes my blood pump harder."Shame really, Ella.Shouldn't have lied to me.I dont do liars. "He snarls at me.You know what, Luke, screw you.Screw everything.I have had to deal with ten times more shit from you, Jenna, Sarah.Anymore for me to find out about?Alex and I went through tough times together.He helped me when my wounds bled; he held tissue and Band Aids to me when I felt so low that I wanted to kill myself.I wanted to hurt.To die.He saved me at a time when you and your lovely little friends decided they wanted to make my life a living fucking hell!He helped me through the violent words.He phoned me every night from England; it must have cost a fucking fortune.But, when I went to meet him, it was for his closure and for mine.To put us both on the same level.He fell in love with me.He loved me.I never ever felt that for him.I told you this.You are the one that tells me to never let go, to hold on to us.Yet, there I was being honest with you.Telling you that I had one cup of coffee with Alex, that we caught up on the past three years and had a good laugh.But you, theres the nights when Jenna stayed over, and that you're now here with the girl that beat me up with her little megalomaniac friends. "Luke stops to look back at Sarah and she shrugs."Hurts so much more than anything you feel about lying. "I sigh and shove the letter into his hands."This is pointless now.Enjoy each other!"I turn on my heel and run to my car.Luke hasn't a chance to speak to me.He runs after the Mustang and I watch him stop and bend to catch his breath.The distance increases.Between him and me, physically and emotionally.Nineteen      Monday, nothing.Tuesday, nothing.Wednesday, a bunch of lilies.So, it's Thursday and I can't cry anymore.I don't want to cry, but it's all I can do to stop a relapse.All I can feel.I have to meet with Jade today to collect my prom dress.It was mine and Jade's plan, even before Luke, that I would go to prom looking better than I ever have.Right now though, I'm not really feeling it.I hold my pillow and turn on my side.The rain is still falling.It's falling because of us.It's the pain of the distance.He only has five days left here.If he wants me, won't he come get me?I chased him.The past three days have been wasted.Memories that are non existent, gone.They aren't meant to be.I sigh and lay on my back.The bracelet he gave me is still on my wrist, looking delicate and fragile against my pale skin.I softly cry at the memory of it and sit up.I pull my knees to my chest and hug them hard.I drop my head onto my knees.Why do I feel this way?It's so different than Jay, to what it was.I know subconsciously that Luke loves me.He just can't show it the way I want, the way I need him to.I need something to comfort me when the darkness settles in my empty head.The feeling of heartbreak is fierce; it causes the heart to feel weak.It feels like it's forcing the blood around your body, forcing it to beat, even if it's for no one.Even if it's just to keep you alive, but the empty breaths come and go aimlessly and you struggle with putting your heart back together.I never believed in heartbreak.Well that changed, I really do believe in it.I believe in the pain, the loss and despair, the feeling of losing someone.What makes it worse is that they are still here on the earth.They are moving on with their day to day life, careless of your existence.Or so it may seem.Knock knock."Go away. "I shout.Knock knock.I groan and curse under my breath and climb off my bed to unlock my bedroom door.I'm immediately greeted by a hug.It's strong; it smells like, like   No."Luke, let mego!"I push hard against him but he doesn't let go.His arms hold me tight like a vice.The tears come back, so much harder than they ever have.I sob so loud it makes me collapse to the floor and he collapses with me.I'm placed in his lap as my tears heave my body.His thumbs brush my cheeks as I feel the hot tears fall.The only noise heard above my sobs is the rain as it batters hard against the window."Why are you here?"I whisper, once the tears have calmed."I need you. "I push away and stand to my feet."So. "I sniff."What does that matter?I needed you.Youyou didn't care. "The tears start again and he doesn't move from the floor."Did you get my flowers?"He whispers, still looking at the floor.He looks so weak down there."Um yeah, they're beautiful, thank you. "He looks up at me and his eyes aren't their usual green.They're red.The green of his eyes are surrounded by redness, pain.That just makes me cry harder."What are you doing here, Luke?"I wipe my nose with my arm and sniff loud."I just told you, Ella, I need you. ""No, you don't, you just think you do. "He shakes his head slightly and looks down at his hands."You have no idea, Ella.For the last three days the sun hasn't been shining.The rain has fallen every day, baby.For us.We've neglected our love and the sky is taking it out on us.Don't you see?Each day we argue it rains.Every time, Ellie.I don't want it to rain anymore.I want us to be each others sunshine every goddamn day.Every second I want warm sunlight, not freezing water.I can't live without you.Ever since you smacked those words in my face the other day, I have only felt broken, Els.I'm a guy; we can't be seen like that.We're meant to be hard and strong, not cry to sleep. "He laughs softly and looks back up at me."Luke, come here. "I mumble and hold my hand out for him to take.He takes my hand and lets me pull him up off the hard wooden floor.I pull him into me and breathe him in.I push him away gently and he looks deep into my eyes."You look so pained, Ellie. "He pushes my hair away and traces my face.Like he's remembering me."So do you. "I whisper and outline his mouth with my finger.He kisses it gently and I lean up to kiss his mouth.I hover for a second, asking for permission, and he moves his head down to me.He lifts me and I kiss him.I missed him.The taste of him hurt me more, that I had made myself live without this for such a long time.His tongue meets mine and he lifts me higher so my legs are forced to wrap around his waist.He pushes me up against my bedroom wall and the kiss becomes needy, desperate.I tug his hair and he growls against my mouth.I smile and kiss his neck."God, I missed you, Ellie. "He whispers as I bite his earlobe.He pushes my tank top up to show my stomach and his fingers invade my body.He cups my behind and squeezes gently.I groan and kiss him harder.I pull at his bottom lip with my teeth, making him harden beneath his jeans in seconds."Mmm" I groan as I feel his erection rock against me."Just for me?"I breathe against his mouth."Always for you, Ellie, always. "He kisses me again and moves us over to my bed.Is anybody home?No.How did he get in?He lays me back gently and kisses against my neck.He pushes up so his arms are straight either side of me."Do you love me?"He asks, his green eyes no longer red, but full of passion and distress.I cup his cheek and move a few strands of hair away from his forehead."Always. "I whisper and he closes his eyes at my words, as if in pain."I love you. "He whispers, his eyes still shut."II love you. "I whisper and tears come unbidden to my eyes.His eyes snap open and he grins at me, devilishly."No more crying, Ella, not right now. "He bends his elbows and kisses me again, his tongue tickling mine, causing heat to pool downthere.I simper against his mouth and pull at his shirt.He pulls it up over his head and smiles at me.I lick my lips at the sight of him and moan as he pushes his lips back against mine.My fingers move up and down his strong back, remembering him.They weave in his hair, pulling harshly.I wrap my legs around his hips and pull him down to me."Soconfident, Ella " He moves to my neck and rocks himself against my short, thin pajama shorts.My numb fingers try mercilessly to undo his jeans.As his mouth leaves mine, he watches his own hands slide up my ribs, catching my tank top along the way and pushing it over my head.My chest is bare to him and hes just watching me.I bite hard on my lip, knowing that he wanted me just as much as I wanted him.He kisses my neck and works kisses down my chest, circling each nipple with his tongue, and over my belly toward the waistband of my shorts."Luke" My back arches upwards each time his mouth touches my skin.He kisses me along the waistband and pulls my shorts down slightly.He kisses the newly bared flesh and pulls them down more."So".Pull.Kiss."Fucking. "Pull.Kiss."Beautiful. "When he reaches his last word, my shorts are pulled off fiercely and he looks down on me again, his bottom lip caught between his teeth.He kisses my inner thigh and strokes my bare skin with his fingers.When his kisses reached my core, I couldn't help it, I cried out loudly, quivering at his tongue battling against my tiny nerves.As he swirled and kissed at the most sensitive part of my body, I cried out his name over and over, as my body broke down into a flash of explosion.My blood sang as he stopped but he caught my cries with his mouth, his tongue clashing mine fiercely.I tangled my fingers through his hair   desperate to have him inside me."I want you" I whisper against his mouth."PleaseGod, I want you so bad, Luke" I grab at his jeans again and this time I get the button open and lean up to kiss his neck.I hold my arms around his neck as I push his jeans down with my legs.I push him onto the other side of the bed and pull off his underwear."Ella. "He groans as I grab him and work him with my hand.I stroke up and down and he moans under my touch."Fuck" He whispers as I bring him close."No, not yet. "He mutters and pulls me back under him.We are both naked; our flesh lay bare against each other, dire and wanting.He cups me and uses his fingers to torture me all the more.They work inwards and outwards, bringing me so close to the edge that I feel I may fall away.He removes his fingers and gently eases into me.I cry out at the fullness, but it doesn't matter, because I want him so badly.My legs wrap around his hips as we lose ourselves in our own sync, our rhythm.******  "You look so beautiful in this light," he whispers as I doze gently against his chest.His fingers are softly weaving through my hair, causing such relaxation   which is needed after the last few days of heartbreak.The soft sunbeams are hot against my bare back as my white bed sheet is resting at my hip."I guess the sun is happy with us. "He smiles down at me, and I look up to him.His hair is messy and rugged and his jaw is covered in soft stubble.Eyes shining, his piercing green dancing with my blue."No more rain. "I whisper and he presses his warm lips to my forehead."You've saved me.Saved you?"He pulls his arms around me tighter.I sigh and snuggle close to his chest."You've saved me.I don't know where life would have gone without you, without " I gulp back the tears which are forcing their way through.He pulls me back slightly and brushes my cheek, his eyes staring intently into mine."You make everything worth it.All the tears, all the painful memories.Just because your heart is beating, that's keeping me alive. "He kisses me softly, his fingers working soft strokes up and down my naked back."I can't be without you, and the truth is, is that.I have to leave you. "I blink back the tears and his thumbs brush away the ones that escape."Wherever we are, whether it's three thousand miles away, or five minutes away, you'll be in my thoughts.In here. "He presses his finger against his temple."But when I miss you, the only pain I will feel, is in here " He holds my hand to his heart."And, Ella, it's going to hurt so bad, we are going to crave and want each other, but we will learn to deal without the skin, or the kisses.We will learn to not share the same air, the same bed.We will cope with not making love.I don't know why you're with me.I have only caused you much more trouble since you met me.We have fallen in love in the worse way.We have been embedded with heartbreak.I have never seen a girl cry the amount you have"  "LukeI "  "No, baby, I need to say this.I have never seen a girl hurt as much as you have.All those wasted tears for me.When in five days, now four" His eyes moisten and I feel my heart jump to my throat.He swallows hard."I'm going to miss you every second of every day.Not one day will I let you escape me.When I'm invited to pointless college parties, I'm sure all I'll want is to be by your side.Your touch is all I have.No one will be able to save me, Ellie.Not anyone. "His words fall to a whisper, until tears fall freely from his eyes."No, no crying, Luke, please. "He pulls my forehead to his and we cry with each other, soft sobs falling from our mouths.His warm lips kiss mine and block out the pain.They make it all go away.Twenty      "Come on!"Jade squeals, her hand firmly gripped onto mine, pulling me hard into the dress shop.When she pushes the door that satisfactory bell rings as we enter, letting any employees know we have arrived.I smile at it, because yesterday, it wouldn't have mattered."Afternoon, girls," says the dressmaker."Mrs.Bennett. "Jade says, her face spit into the biggest grin."We've come to pick up our dresses. ""Oh yes, that's right.Give me five minutes, it was Jade?""Michaels. ""Okay, sweetie won't be long. "The plump lady goes out the back and Jade pulls me down to the seat next to her.I sigh and smile at her happiness."This is so exciting!"She squeals again, her hands clapping."Will you calm down?You're giving me a headache. "She laughs and slaps my arm."So. "She looks over at me, her left eyebrow raised.I open my mouth to speak and she grins, again.Girls just know okay?"You sneaky, sneaky girl!You slept with him?"Her mouth is open in that shock smile face and she cups my cheeks."Was he good?"She lets go of my cheeks and winks."I have nothing to compare it to. "I mumble.She shrugs."And?Did he make you, y'know" She clears her throat."Come?"She whispers and laughs out loud.I look at her shocked and smile."Yes, he did. "I say through laughter.She takes my hand in hers and laces our fingers."You're so happy, Ella.I'm so glad you're happy.We're going to LA in two weeks!"She squeals the last sentence again and I shake my head in exasperation."You're so excited, I love you. ""I love you, too. "She kisses my cheek and Mrs.Bennett appears with two long white dress bags."I can't believe I let you choose my dress. "I murmur."Well, I had to, Ella. "She stands up and puts her hands on her hips."Otherwise, you would have turned up in those dirty things. "She points to my converse and I look down at my feet."What's wrong with them?"I ask, frowning."Whats right with them!Come on, we have dresses to try on. "My cell vibrates in my pocket, so I pull it out and flip it open.*This morning changed everything Ellie.I miss you.*  I smile at his words and type back, a smile not leaving my face.*What are you doing later?Miss you too.*  *I was going to meet the guys.Haven't seen them for ages, and it'll be the last time I see them for a while.*  I frown at the message and the phone vibrates again in my hand.*Or I could come see this beautiful girl I know.; )*  *No, don't change your plans for me.You go have fun : )*  *You're so perfect.I'll come after.I promise.I won't stay out late.*  *Luke, when can I meet your parents?*  *Parent.*  What?Where's his mom?I know he has his dad, he told me he was going into business with him.What?*Parent?*  *I'll tell you later.X*  *Okay.*  I put my cell in my jacket pocket just as Jade grabs my arm."Wow. "I mouth at the dresses looking at me."Yours is that one. "She points at the sky blue prom dress sat on its velvet hanger."It's baby blue. "I whisper."Your favorite color right, right?"She holds my shoulders and squats so that her eyes are level with mine."Ella, talk to me.You're scaring me. ""Jade, it's, um. "A few tears fall down my face."It's so beautiful. ""And with your bright blue eyes, it'll match perfect!"Mrs.Bennett intervenes.I walk over to the dress.Its bodice is a corset with a lace up back.The bust has crystals that look like diamonds shaped around the sweetheart line.I trace it gently with my fingers.The crystals form soft flower shapes across the body and down the left side.The dress splits at the hip and flows into beautiful waves.Its skirt is puffy, like a real prom dress should be."You'll look like a princess, Ella. "Jade smiles at me and I wipe the stupid tears away with my jacket sleeve."Want to try it on?"Jade asks, her eyes focused on her dress."Hell yeah!"******    "You looked beautiful, Ella, shut up. "Jade moans as I pull my Mustang into IHOP'S parking lot."Whatever you say, Jade, just feed me pancakes. "I pout at her and put on the parking brake.She laughs at me and jumps over the door."You know you can open the door. "I sigh and roll my eyes at her."Where's the fun in that?"She throws me a smile and winks.We are greeted by the refreshing smell of fat and maple syrup.Jade grabs my hand and leads me over to a booth.I shuffle in the leather seat and grab a menu."Do you really need a menu, Ella?"Jade asks, her eyebrows raised."No, I guess not. "I sigh and put the menu back."Hello, lovely ladies.I'm Alice, and I'll be your server today.What'll it be?"She throws us both a smile and Jade and I give each other the same cheesy smile."We will both have the double choc chip pancakes and " Jade interrupts me."We will both also like pancakes with bacon, scrambled eggs, and two iced teas please. "I laugh at her completing my sentence and she shrugs at me."Wow, ladies, are you going to eat all that?"Alice looks at us both with a frown on her face.We both look at Alice and then back at each other and say "Yes" at the same time."We're hungry. "I shrug at Alice and she walks away.I decide to text Luke quickly before my pancakes arrive.*Dress is a sky blue color.Just so you know ; )*  I get an instant reply.*How much food did you order?*  Huh what?I shake my head and put my cell back in my jean pocket.Jade leans across the table and bends her head slightly.I follow her moves and smirk at her."Ella.did you know Luke was here?"She whispers."What?"I whisper, my eyes widen and I look over my shoulder slightly."Where?"She nods to behind me and I look further over my shoulder.His eyes meet mine and I smile softly as he talks away to some of the guys."Oh, Ella, he's coming over. ""What?"I ask, sit back up, and Jade does the same."Ladies. "Luke greets us."Ellie. "I look over at Jade."Ellie?"She mouths."It's a me and him thing. "I shrug at her and wink."Spare me the details. "She rolls her eyes and I laugh at her."Hi. "I mutter and look up at Luke."Hi. "He whispers and holds his hand out for me.I take it and he pulls me into his arms.We're in the middle of a freaking IHOP.His arms wrap around me and he gives me a big squeeze."Lukecan'tbreathehello!"He pulls me away and kisses me soundly on the lips.One hand is holding the back of my head, the other against my hip.I moan under the connection and he smiles at me."That's all, for now. "He whispers and releases me."Jade. "He acknowledges and she waves him off, her eyes fixed on her cell.He drops my hand, winks at me, and walks back to his table."That was freaking hot!"Jade exclaims as I resume my seat.I feel the heat of my blush across my cheeks."Hot huh?That's one word for it I guess. "I shrug and our food arrives in front of us.I take a long drink of my iced tea and we tuck in to our large array of food.******    It's nine at night, and I haven't heard from Luke since I saw him in the IHOP.I'm just casually sitting on my bed, legs crossed beneath me with my MacBook searching stupid websites and checking up on my email.I have ZZ Top playing at the highest volume my computers speakers can take.I yawn and stretch my arms above my head.Why does that always feel so good?I lean over to my bedside table, grab my unfinished bag of chips, and stuff a handful of salty taste into my mouth.Of course, with my mouth full of food Luke's calling me."Hello...?"I say, muffed through the chips."Ella?"He laughs."You okay?What is that you're listening to?"I turn the music down and chew faster."Peachy, thanks, Luke. "I swallow and clear my throat."It's ZZ Top, don't dis the classics.Sup?"I ask."Sup?You're a weird one, girl. "I can feel his grin."But you love me, right?"I put my hand up to my mouth to try stop the words that have already escaped.He chuckles softly."Yes, I love you.What are you doing?""I'm sitting on my bed. ""Doing what?"I sigh softly and look down at my MacBook, which is open at the UCLA's campus website."Researching.You?""Looking into some weird girls bedroom window. "I smile, jump up, and run over to my window.Yep, there he is, waving softly when I see him."You look good. "I whisper."Do I really?""Yes, you do. "I giggle and he sighs softly.I watch him through the window as he slowly pulls his top up his abdomen and wiggles his hips."Luke, what are you doing?The neighbors will see you!"I laugh and he laughs with me."Get your butt down here, girl, I missed you. "I hang up, shrug on some jeans and an Avenged Sevenfold hoody.Pfftt whatever, he loves me.I run down the stairs and as I reach the second landing, I bump into my dad."Oh, hey, Daddy.I didn't know you were home. ""Hey, bear.Yeah, about twenty minutes ago.You always hide in your room, I never know if it's safe.I heard you listening to my albums again.They better go back to where they came from. "He frowns at me and shrugs his hands into his tailored trousers.I laugh at him and he smiles softly."Where you off to anyway, lady?""Um Luke's here, he wanted to see me. "I sway softly on my feet, my patience wearing thin."Don't be late. "He mutters and pulls me into a hug."Love you, Daddy, see you later. "He releases me and I skip happily down the stairs.When I open the door and close it softly, I turn to see some maniac sitting in my baby."Get out of my car, right now!"I shout at Luke and he smiles at me.I jump down the two steps and over to my car."Out. "He shakes his head."Now!""Nope. "