He gulps and turns me towards the ocean and his arms wrap around my waist.He lowers his chin, so that it's resting on my shoulder."You are as beautiful, if not more so, than this view right now. "I look over at the ocean and the sun is setting, all the different colors scattered across the horizon, the beautiful yellows and oranges."You make me happy.I have never known happy, Ella.Just like you.Walking around school with endless amounts of girls wanting me wasn't what I wanted.I needed to be able to love.Stupid, right?Coming from a guy?"He whispers."You're not stupid. "I whisper back and he sighs against my ear."You have made everything whole.You've made me whole, Ellie.Just you.You made me come undone, but you made sense of who I am.I am all innocent in your eyes.I am me in your eyes.It's refreshing, rather than just to be wanted for sex  " I turn to face him and he puts his finger against my lips."I am wanted because you love me.You make me feel alive, Ella.Like I'm needed in this fucked up world.You're just, perfect to me. "He removes his finger and kisses my lips softly.Luke just announced his love for me.He's taken me away for the night to somewhere just perfect for us.In his last days here, he's spent all of his time with me.Jay quickly enters my mind and how he spent his last day with me.I can't feel those feelings again, I don't think I'll survive it.I don't think I'll win."If I had the means, and we weren't going to separate colleges, I would ask you to marry me right now. ""What?"I ask, stunned at his bold statement."You're all I ever want; you're all I ever need, Ella. "He sighs and shakes his head."Come on, let's go. "He tugs my hand but I bury my toes in the sand."What?"I ask again, soft tears escaping."You'd marry me?"He looks down at his feet and his green eyes meet mine."In a heartbeat. "He cups my cheeks and wipes the tears away."Come on, I have a surprise for you. "He whispers.We approach the party and I stop dead in my tracks."Can't we walk around them?"I ask, my anxiety kicking in."No, come on, we'll be fine, trust me. "I nod and he gives my hand another reassuring squeeze.I bow my head as we walk toward them.Please Luke, just let me walk around them.I feel the tension build inside me, the shivers causing the hair on the back of my neck to stand on end."SURPRISE!"Shouts the party and I immediately look up.I turn to look at Luke and he grins at me.Jade comes booming toward me and wraps her arms around me."Hi. "I stutter through Jade's immense strength."Can't, breathe, here, Jade!"She releases me and gives my cheek a swift kiss."Hi!"She squeals."Happy Birthday!""What?My birthday is not for two weeks?"My dad picks me up and gives me a cuddle."Happy Birthday, bear. "He drops me and my mom gives me a kiss on the cheek."How did youWhen did youIm so confused. "I look at Luke.He shrugs his shoulders and wraps his arms around me."I won't be here for your birthday, this is for you, another memory.Surprise.. ""And you all knew?You sneaky bastards!""Ella!'My dad yells."Mouth!""Sorry. "I giggle as Luke kisses my hair."Come on, baby, party time. "He pulls on my hand toward the crowd.There is a DJ booth surrounded by people dancing and drinking from red solo cups.The fire burns hot on the beach, with people holding sticks with marshmallows on the end against the hot flames."I want a marshmallow. "I whisper to Luke."It's your party, baby, do what you want. "He winks at me and kisses my hair again, softly, and lets me go.I go sit on a large piece of driftwood, marshmallow and stick in hand, and put it against an orange flame."Hi. "A red haired girl comes to sit next to me and gives me a warm smile."Happy Birthday, Ella.I know we have never really spoken at school, but this is so cool what Luke has done for you.You're lucky.My name is Chloe by the way. "She bumps her shoulder to mine and I give her a smile."Chloe, yeah I've seen you around.Thanks for coming, and yes, I am very lucky.He's amazing. ""So, what are you and him going to do when you go to college?He's going to Princeton right?"I sigh and shake my head softly."Yeah, and I'm going to L. A. "That sucks, Ella.Hopefully you guys can meet up regularly and stuff. "She shrugs and grabs another marshmallow.I bring mine from the flame, pull it from the stick, and pop it in my mouth.The crunch of the outside compliments the soft sticky warmness of the inside.I groan in appreciation and lean to grab another marshmallow from the bag."It does suck, but we'll make it work. "I hold my second marshmallow over the flame."What is this shit music?"Asks Chloe and I turn my head to listen closely.I laugh and shake my head."It's ZZ Top!"I say through a laugh."They're definitely not shit, Chloe. "She shakes her head at me and puts her marshmallow in her mouth."Want a beer?"She asks, her head tilted to the side, her warm brown eyes sparkling from the reflection of the flames."Sure" I mumble and she jumps up and walks toward the beer stand."Hey, sis. "Holly says and pushes my shoulder forward from behind.She has a guy attached to her side."And who is this?"I ask, my left eyebrow raised at the guy."This is Daniel.We've been together for a week.Mom said I could bring him with me tonight and introduce you all properly. ""Oh, so this is who you were texting constantly in England?"Holly blushes slightly and pulls him tighter to her."Yup. "She smiles down at me and I hand her my roasted marshmallow.She puts it in her mouth and chews."Nice to meet you, Daniel. "I say, my arm extended.He grabs it and gives me a firm shake."It's Danny, and you too, Ella. "He smiles warmly at me, his brown hair slightly covering his brown eyes."Look after her, she's special. ""I know. "He whispers and kisses her hair."Come on, baby, let's go have a dance. "Holly giggles and he pulls her toward the sand made dance floor.The microphone makes a crackling sound and a high screeched noise and I turn to stare at who is about to speak."Hey, everyone. "Luke smiles at the crowd and I smile at the sound of his voice.I swing my legs over the driftwood so that I'm facing the DJ stand."As you know, we're all here for Els today.She might not know you all, but you all told me individually that you cared for her.So, Ella, these people are here for you because they want to be. "I turn away, my cheeks flaming."You are worth so much, baby, so much.I hope this has been a good birthday for you and I know it's not for two weeks, but as everyone knows, I won't be here.So, Ella, here is my present to you, happy birthday. "He puts down the microphone, grabs a wooden stool, swings his guitar over his shoulder, and comes to sit in front of me."Hey, baby. "He whispers and pulls his plectrum from the strings."Hi. "I manage and gulp back the feelings."This is for you, Ella. "His guitar starts to play a soft melody and people gather around us.His voice fills the air and the tears bare against my eyes.If I could turn back the days and see you again  Watch your smile fall against your face  Hold your heart so close to mine  I would, if I could  But now I've found you  And I never want to let you go  But I have to and its going to cause us pain, its going to break us in half  But know this  I am forever yours  Forever and always  If you look to the sunshine  There I will be  Watching you everyday  Forever and always  This is it for us    Your laugh is a breath of fresh air  Your hair as perfect as the setting sun  Your blue eyes diamonds of the night  If you ever feel like letting go  Remember I'm right here, by your side  I am forever yours  Forever and always  If you look to the sunshine  There I will be  Watching you everyday  Forever and always  And youre leaving  To set your life in stone  To follow your dreams  All on your own but I promise baby, you'll be fine  I will hold on to you through your dreams  I'll be there, right there with you  Forever and always    When he finishes his last notes on the guitar, I stand and take it from his shoulders.I put it gently against the driftwood and cup his cheeks in my hands.I search his green eyes and squat so my hands rest on his knees."You take my breath away, all the time.You just, just... "I shake my head to stop the tears."You're everything, Luke. "He stands and pulls me to my feet.He cups my cheeks and pulls my face so his mouth is by my ear."You are worth it, baby, you are perfect.No more depression, Ella, no more. "He pulls me back and holds my wrist.He gently slides off the elastic band and throws it into the sand.I watch with wide eyes, cautious of what happens next, but I can't explain it, because he's said those words to me, I'm now feeling happier.I don't rely on the depression.Just because he told me not to.He kisses my lips gently and someone shouts the usual "get a room!"at us.I smile up at him and mouth "Thank you. "He mouths back, "You're welcome. "******  The party lasts another couple of hours before people start retreating back to Charlotte.Luke thanked people for coming and making it special for me.My dad approaches me and I smile softly at him."I know it's your birthday in a couple of weeks, bear, but your mom and I got you something. ""Dad. "I groan and smile at the envelope in his hand."What is it?"I ask as he hands it to me.My mom comes up, stands by his side, and links her arm with his."Open it, Ella. "She pushes and I slide my pinky finger under the sealed envelope and rip it open.I pull out a pink birthday card, which has 'to the greatest daughter in the world' scrolled across the top."I don't think Holly would approve of the card. "I joke and open it.There is a check for twenty five thousand dollars."What the hell?"I ask, my face scanning theirs."It's for your car, Ella.We know how much you love it; it's so you can get it restored.We saved it for college for you but you don't need it.So go spoil your car.Get it sorted so you can drive it to L. A. "My dad beams at me."But, what?Mom?"She grabs my shoulders and kisses my cheek."For you, Ella.Restore your car and use the rest for a new wardrobe for when you get to college.It's a new you.A happy you. "The tears come unbidden to my eyes and I hold my mom.I wrap my arms tight around her and breathe her in.I pull away gently and the tears fall freely."I love you guys so much, thank you so much. "I smile and look back at the check."Crazy. "I murmur and shake my head."We'll see you at home, Ella. "My dad says and kisses the top of my head."Enjoy tonight with Luke, be safe. "My dad raises his eyebrow and I hit his forearm through a giggle."I'll be fine.See you tomorrow. "Twenty Four      The gulls are flying solely through the air; their wings spread wide, gliding softly, their gentle caws creating a peaceful symphony with the crashing waves.The intensity of happiness I'm feeling right now saves everything I ever denied.I'm noticing happier things, brighter things.The dawn's colors lay delicately on the water, clouds passing through the waves every so often.The comfort of his arms wrapped around me makes everything beautiful.The warmth of his heart chases away the darkness inside of me.He helps me breathe again after the pain of rejection, of losing my best friend, of the depression that made my life black.We can't deny the only reason of life.We are constantly chasing shadows, obsessed with re living our memories.They haunt us, the happier times of childhood, your first kiss, your first love.The darkness in those memories swallows you whole, capturing you in its blanket, consuming you until every happy memory becomes a pain.That's depression, but for me, the blanket has lifted now, and everything is in its fullest, most enchanting color.But the fear of losing him is now lost to the maybes, and that someday I can find him again."Time to go home, baby. "He whispers against my hair."Mmmm. "I groan through closed lips.I breathe in the cold sea air and Luke's arms wrap around me tighter."We need to get back in time for prom. ""I know. "I reply and turn to face him."Kiss me. "I plead and he lowers his lips to mine and gently kisses my lips, mine work with his, our connection keeping us alive."Ella" He warns."We need to get back. "He says, his lips still in contact with mine."Stop kissing me then. "I whisper and he kisses me harder, his tongue fighting against mine."I.  I can't" he murmurs and pulls me tight against him.We're still distracted when his cell vibrates from his pocket, playing a simple ringtone.Luke grumbles and pulls away from me."Yeah?Oh, heyYeah sure, I'm at the beach right now, be home in a few hours.Okay, Dad, calm down, yeah I'll be back before then.Remember it's my prom tonight.Yeah okay, sure I'll take her.Yeah, see you. "Luke snaps his cell shut and grins at me."What?"I ask as he pulls me back against him."Time to go. "He says and kisses my forehead.I entwine my fingers with his and we head to my car.******    "So, I'll see you later?"I ask as Luke grabs his duffel bag from the trunk.I walk around to the drivers door and go to climb in."What, no goodbye?"He asks, slinging his bag over his shoulder.I roll my eyes and walk around to him.I kiss his mouth softly, my hands behind my back, just our mouths connecting.I slip in my tongue and play with him."Ella, you'll be the death of me, lady. "I shrug and give him a small wave with my fingers."See ya later. "I smile and jump over the driver door into my seat.Luke watches and laughs slightly as I adjust the seat and steering wheel back to their original positions and move my rear view mirror to its correct position.He gives me a soft wave and I drive home with Snow Patrol's Chasing Cars worshipping my ears.Just as I pull into my driveway, Jade's sitting on the front door step, her knee bobbing up and down, her manicured fingers shoved in her mouth."Don't ruin your nails!"I shout and a wide smirk appears on her face."Where the hell have you been, Els?Jeez, you're going to give me a coronary!"I laugh loudly and she opens my trunk and grabs my bag."So helpful aren't you. "I smile and walk up to the front door."Well, we need to get a certain someone ready for their first ever prom with the most popular and attractive guy ever made!"The laugh that escapes me causes my cheeks to flush."I love you, Jade. "I giggle as I open the door and throw my keys into the bowl."Well, come on!"She gestures towards the stairs and I grab her hand in mine.She damn near pulls my arm from its socket when we approach the landing."Yeah...OW!"I groan at her and she opens my bedroom door.I feel my mouth drop open."Whatthefuck happened to my room!"Jade gulps when I look at her."Ierrtried to make it pretty?""Pretty?Pretty!It looks like a make up parlor!""Well it's only for today.It'll be back to normal when you get home later, I promise. "She walks into my bathroom and closes the door.Our dresses are hung up on my closet doors, but what is most terrifying is the large mirror surrounded by little black boxes filled with make up and nail polish.I look through them all and they all look the same but with different shades of eye shadows, eyeliners, and lipsticks."Jade!"I yell."Yeah?Taking a pee here!"She giggles back."Er, you know I'm wearing blue right?""Yeah, of course I do. ""So, why are there make up boxes with orange and yellows in them?Seriously girl, over the top or what?"She opens the door and walks over to me, putting her hand on my shoulder."Chill, girly, it's the just in case scenario.Just because the only color you've ever worn is black!""That's not true. "I pout, folding my arms across my chest."Oh yeah, right. "She groans and walks over to my make up chest on my drawers.She pulls it open and pulls out an eyeliner and eye shadow."Blackblackand oh, black. "She turns to me, the items still in her hand, and laughs softly."Come on you, let's get ready. "Jade runs over to my bedside table and attaches her iPod to my stereo.She presses play and some dance tune comes on.She shakes her hair from side to side, pouting her lips.I do the same and dance around my bedroom to the song I don't know.She turns it up to the loudest it can go and grabs my hands.She twirls me around her arm and I do the same to her.She lets me go and I watch her get a large bottle of clear liquid from her bag.She puts her index finger to her lips when I open mine to protest and pours me a small shot into a glass tumbler.She hands it to me and pours her own.I swirl the liquid in the tumbler and Jade smirks at me.She holds it up kisses the air."Onetwothree!"She says and tips the liquid back and I copy her actions.The warmness hits me first, falling down my throat, leaving a burn all the way to my stomach."Right, shower time now, missy!"She demands and pushes me into the bathroom."I need a  " Before I can finish a white towel is being thrown at my head."Hey!"I moan as I lower the towel from my face.She spins around in a circle."Hurry the hell up, Ella, we only have a few hours!"******    Jade's finishing the lace up back of my dress and every time she pulls me back I fall backwards."You're killing me here. "I grumble."Shut up, you, it's not like you need to be any thinner, let's just get you looking beautiful, hey?"She pulls one last time and ties a small ribbon at the bottom of my back.She leads me over to the large mirror, does a small jump, and claps her hands."My work here is done!Right, now I have to finish getting ready. "I gaze into the mirror at the girl looking back at me.This is different.My hair is half up and half down, straightened with a few blue butterfly clips holding it in place.My bangs lay gently across my eyes, which are natural and almost lost without the excess black.My cheeks have a soft pink blush and a clear lip gloss is glittering across my lips.A small knock comes from my door and my mom appears with a shoebox."Hey, babywow, Ella!You look beautiful...STEVE, STEVE!"She shouts over her shoulder."Mom!"I argue, she puts the box on my bed, and welcomes me in a warm embrace."My little girl looks so beautiful. "She's tearing up and I smile gently at her."Don't cry, Mom. "I hold her hand gently, her blue eyes sparkling beneath the salty tears."Whats all the commotion in here?"My dad comes storming in and stops in his tracks when he sees me.He starts to look around the room.He looks under my bed and tries the bathroom door, but Jade's in there so he can't get in.He looks in my closet and behind my pile of teddy bears in the corner."Mands, have you seen, Ella?"He says to my mom and I giggle softly."Hi, Daddy. "I whisper and he gives me a warm hug."You look beautiful, bear, so pretty. ""Thanks, Daddy. "He strokes my bangs off my face and kisses my cheek gently."We got you a little something. "My mom beams.She grabs the box from the bed and hands it to me.With the well known 'Louboutin' trademark firmly stamped on the top of the box, I frown at my parents."Guys, I can't accept whatever beauty lies within this box. ""Just open it, Ella. "My mom growls and I roll my eyes at her.I pull open the white lid and place it on my bed.I gently peel back the white tissue paper to reveal a pair of blue diamante shoes with a killer heel.I pull one out and put the box on my bed.I rest my hand on my mom's shoulder to steady myself and pull the shoe onto my left foot.They have a peephole at the front and my newly pedicured big toe shows though the end."Nobodys going to see them because of my dress. "I frown at the thought and my mom shakes her head."At least you have them for other occasions, right?"She suggests.Jade comes bouncing out of the bathroom, her long silver satin dress hugging her figure, every curve and groove shaped to the material."You look amazing. "I say as she finishes her hair in the mirror next to me.She looks in the mirror at the box behind us and drops her mouth open."Who?What?When?WHERE?"She lifts my dress up to reveal my shoes and literally starts drooling."Oh my God!""Quick, someone get her a paper bag before she hyperventilates!"My dad jokes."They're beautiful. "She slaps my dads arm gently and I pull on my other shoe."Where the hell are mine?"She scowls at my dad and he gives her a big cuddle."Jade, we couldn't forget you. "My mom smiles at Jade and hands her a small black rectangular box.She opens it slowly, her eyes becoming more and more intrusive to its contents.Her squeal is so piercing I honestly think she's burst my eardrums.Her arms wrap around my mom, then my dad, and she takes the sparking diamond bracelet from its box.I look over at my mom and scowl."Did you guys win the lottery or something?"My mom bursts out laughing and shakes her head slowly."No, baby, we just wanted to spoil you.Don't you girls have to get going?"My dad walks away and answers his cell.He snaps his cell shut and wanders back over, a smug grin on his face."What are you up to?"I ask, staring into his big blue eyes."That's for me to know, bear.Your ride will be here soon. "I don't know why, but the bubbles rise in my stomach.My blood starts to flow fast through my veins, my heart making more rapid contractions.My jaw clenches as my throat tightens.Shit, fucking shit."Mom" I groan and the look of my panic settles on her eyes."Ella, it's okay, baby, you're okay.You'll be fine.Just breathe deep, in and out, angel, in and out. "I put my hand to my chest as it expands fast, in and out, my lungs finding air too difficult to take in.My fingers tremble beneath my moms and she grabs my shoulders."In and out, baby, in and out. "I focus my blurred vision on her deep blue eyes and try to stop the feeling of doom demeaning my mind."Ella, baby, you are safe here. "I repeat it to myself.You are safe here.You are safe here.You are safe here.I open my eyes, my breathing slowly responding, and I gently sit on my bed.I breathe stuttering breaths in and out for a few minutes before I can finally breathe a full dose of oxygen."I don't know why that happened. "I whisper, my mom and dad look at Jade, and back at me."It's okay, baby, just the anxiety.You're okay; tonight's going to be fine.You have Luke and Jade, okay?"I nod in agreement at my mom's kind words and stand to my feet, drawing a deep breath.Inhale.Exhale."Ready?"I ask, extending a hand to Jade."You sure you're okay?"She asks lacing her fingers through mine."I'm fine, much better now. "I smile softly at her.Twenty Five      "My date is here!"Jade yells and jumps from the couch, nearly falling over in her stilettos.She giggles and regains her balance."See you there?"She asks and bends to kiss my cheek."Yeah, text me when you get there. ""Okay, babe. "She scurries out the door and into Mark's arms.I watch through the window as he kisses her and I feel envious watching them.My dad comes in and hands me his cell phone."For you, bear. "I take it from his hand and place it to my ear."Hello?""Hi, my beautiful girl. ""Hi. "I grin into the handset."You ready for this?"He asks."For what?""The best prom of your life. ""The only prom of my life. "I correct.The door knocks loudly and I jump in my seat."See you soon, baby. "He says and hangs up.I hand my dad back his cell phone and he shrugs at me."Go answer the door then. "He says and rolls his eyes at me.I can't stop the smile from claiming my face.I open the door to a delivery guy who is chewing gum loudly."Errhi. "He says, a wide smirk spread across his lips."Delivery for Ella?""I'm Ella. "I say, raising my hand slightly.He hands me a large black box.It's tall and I have to move it to the side."Could you uhsign here please, miss?"He asks handing me a clipboard and pen.I sign my name and hand it back to him."Have a good prom, miss!"He says and wanders back to his delivery truck.I shut the door gently and look at the black box.I rip the brown tape from the top and open the two flaps to a smell of fresh flowers.I pull the bouquet out of the box and breathe in the scent.I put them on the counter and a small corsage is at the bottom of the box, the correct color to match my dress, he remembered.I slip the corsage onto my wrist, it covers my scars slightly and I smile down at it.My phone starts to vibrate in my dress; it's down my cleavage, Jade made me, said it's the most obvious place to keep things.I pull it out and answer."First package arrived?"Luke asks as I straighten up my dress."Uh...yeah.Where are you?""You'll see, baby.You'll see. "He hangs up.What the hell is he up to?Someone knocks on the door again loudly making me jump.I walk back over to the door and open it."You've got to be kidding me. "I sigh under my breath."Delivery for Ella Stone?"This time it's a delivery lady."I'm Ella. "I say and she smiles softly at me.She leans to the side and passes me a cat travel box."What the hell?"I ask and she shrugs at me."Bye!"She screeches and jogs back to her car.I turn the box to see two frightened eyes staring at me."Moooooom!"I shout and she runs into the landing."What wrong, Els " She bends to look into the box."Oh. "She whispers and looks up to me."It's a cat. ""I can see it's a cat, Mom.What the hell am I supposed to do with it?""Hello, cutie. "My mom coos."Mom, please!""Okay, Ella, relax.Is it from Luke?""Yes, well Id like to hope so. ""Okay.Pass it here Aw, Ella!It's just a little kitten!"She takes the box into the living room and I call Luke.He answers on the first ring."A cat, Luke?Really?""Look outside, baby. "I pull back the soft white drape that is by my front door to see Luke stood at the end of the pathway with a big bunch of white roses and a long black limo parked outside.I hang up and open the door.He walks toward me slowly and sinks to his knees.His hair is brushed to the side gently raised on his head, some soft strands hanging loosely on his forehead.He has a black tuxedo on with a blue cummerbund to match my corsage."What are you doing?"I say through laughter."Youlookwait.What is a better word than beautiful?"I blush and bite my lip."Get up and kiss me. "I whisper and he rises to his feet.Even in my 5 inch heels I'm still no match for Luke.He kisses me softly on the mouth and hands me my flowers."More?"I ask."You're spoiling me, Mr.James. "He grins at me and kisses my cheek.I walk back inside and put the flowers on the same counter as my others."Mom!I'm going!"I shout and she mumbles something back.I shrug at Luke and close the door behind me.He holds his hand out to me and I lace my fingers through his.I smile, but an overwhelming sadness takes over me, realization that I won't see him again after tomorrow."You okay?"He asks, holding the limo door open for me."I'll be fine. "I lie and slide into the limo, taking my dress with me.The limo is laced with neon lights along its roof, the floor sparkling beneath my feet.Luke sits next to me and gently smiles at me.The limo begins to move and I relax slightly."Nervous?"He asks pulling me into his side."Sort of, I guess.People have never seen me like this, y'knowconfident. ""You'll be fine, baby.You have me, and Jade, and my friends got your back too. ""Thanks. "I smile at him and kiss his cheek.He turns his face so his mouth skims against mine.I kiss his lips softly, letting mine work against his.He pulls me harder so I lean over and straddle his lap.I cup his face and kiss him with such passion and desire."Drink?"He asks and I move off him."Sure. "I shrug and he laughs gently.He presses a button on the console to the side and a cooler appears with a bottle of champagne and a bowl of strawberries to the side.He pops the cork and pours me a small glass."Don't tell my dad. "He whispers."This is his limo. "I laugh gently and he drops a small strawberry into my glass.I take a sip and groan at the taste.It tastes amazing.I move over to grab another strawberry and Luke stops me half way."What are those?"He questions, pointing to my feet."Shoes?"I say with a grin.I put my hand to his forehead and he swats me away."They're the sexiest fucking things I've ever seen, Ella. "I pull my dress up slightly to show him more of the shoe and he moans."You and me later, with those shoes.It has to happen. "I slap his arm and giggle at him."I'll miss you. "He murmurs and takes a remote control from the console somewhere.Justin Timberlake's 'My Love' starts to play and he puts his hand across the back of the seat so his fingers gently caress my shoulder.Twenty Six      Luke  I hold my hand out so Ella's tiny fingers can fit mine perfectly.Like they should.One more night Luke, that's it.One more fucking night.She climbs out of the limo delicately, her sexy as sin shoes showing slightly before she stands and straightens her dress.She really does look amazing.Her figure is defined by the shape of her dress.Her beautiful brown hair gently flowing down her back.Small butterflies possess her hair giving a new meaning to the word beautiful."See you at midnight. "I say to the driver and he nods his head in agreement and drives away.I pull her closer to me as we reach the school entrance.People stare and gasp as we walk past them and I can't help but smirk slightly.They're all jealous that Ella is on my arm and not theirs."Very nervous. "She whispers and I notice goose pimples across her pale skin.The scars aren't noticeable to me now.She's just beautiful.My Ellie."Don't be nervous, baby. "I whisper into her hair and breathe her in.She smells like vanilla.Always so sweet.Her fingers grip my arm harder as we walk through the school main doors.Her chest is rising and falling harshly, I'm sure it's the anxiety."Hey. "I stop her and kiss her mouth softly."Stop, you're okay.You're with me, baby girl.Me, Ellie, okay?"She nods and kisses me back, her soft full lips kissing mine.She bites my bottom lip and pulls it back softly with her teeth."I want you. "She whispers against my neck.I moan under her words and feel my cock harden.How does she do that?"Ella, not here, later, okay?"She grins at me and shrugs her shoulders.I'm really going to miss you.Ella  Luke and I stop to have our prom photo then move to the gym.His hand never leaves mine and he keeps his thumb skimming my knuckles gently.A welcome gesture that makes me feel safe.We walk into the gym and it's been transformed.The ceiling is flooded with balloons held in a thin net, most likely for releasing at the end of the night.The tables are lined with girls dressed and looking better than they ever have, looking at the guys smiling softly, hoping one would look over.I roll my eyes at them and Luke pulls me flush against him."Forever and always. "He kisses me softly and lets me go."Go find Jade. "He murmurs and smiles at me.He kisses my hand and lets it go.The feel of his fingers against mine won't be there tomorrow.The butterflies will disappear into thin air with hope of him coming to see me, or me to him.I curse at the tears that come fallen to my eyes and breathe in deeply.I exhale and open my eyes to a high school prom.I am here at my own prom.Three weeks ago, I couldn't even walk the school halls without my hood hiding my face.Most people here probably don't know who I am.My demons are hiding; they're disappearing from my existence.They're still there, lurking in the dark corners, but I'm stronger than they are.I am not weak anymore.I pull my cell from my cleavage and see a text from Jade telling me she's here.I scan the hall for Jade and smile when I see her adding some alcoholic beverage to the punch."Jade!"I scream at her and she jumps out of her skin.Luke  The guys don't pay attention to the little things that I try to find in life.Why did I spend time with these jackasses?"So when I got there, she was already in her underwear and spread for me on the bed.I couldn't believe the shit I was seeing.Fucking Jenna Roberts!"I turn to the voice that's talking so badly about someone whom I used to care about and stride over to the group."So" I ask, my punch circling my red solo cup.The guy immediately drops his smile and looks to his feet and back up again."You had Jenna, huh?"I ask, a smirk forming on my lips."Yeah, well sorta. ""Sorta?That's not an answer, dude. "I say, scanning the crowd for Jenna."I fucked her, yeah. "He says rolling his eyes and the guys surrounding him laugh.I nod my head in agreement and spot Jenna."Hey!JENNA!"I shout, she waves and comes over."Hey, babe, what's up?"She asks and I put an arm around her shoulders.The guy's face drains of blood and looks completely lost.I smile at him and pull her tight against my shoulder."So, Jenna, apparently you slept with this guy. "I say, gesturing to him with my cup of punch."Really?"She asks, her eyebrow raised.Her brown eyes filled with humor."I don't remember, couldn't have been that good. "She says shrugging her shoulders.I laugh loudly and the guy goes a deep red.I stop laughing and walk over so we're inches from each others face."Don't talk down about girls, because dude, without them, you wouldn't be here today.So stop trying to be a big man, you just sound like a jackass.Come on, Jenna. "I pull on her arm and pull her to the side."So... "She says, her eyes searching mine.The intrusion is unwelcome."What's up?"She asks, smacking her lips together."Nothing, having a good night?"I ask, taking a drink of my punch."It's good, yeah. "She says, a grin spread all the way across her mouth."Want to dance?"She asks."Not right now.I need to find, Ella. "I say and she scoffs at me."Hey, you know she's my girlfriend, and right now, I miss her pretty face. ""Whatever, Luke.We could have been amazing y'know. "She says with her arms crossed over her chest.I scan the hall and she walks away in a stress.******    Who the fuck is this?Some random girl is grinding up my suit, getting up in my business.I push her away gently, a fake smile playing on my lips.She spills her drink and scoffs at me.Well, fuck off then little lady.I wander to the back of the gym, scanning constantly for Ella.I check the watch on my wrist and sigh.What is my girl playing at?"Hey man. ""Yo, Jamie, you seen Ella?""Nah man, were all going to mine after this shit gig, weed, y'know, girls. "He raises his eyebrow at me, the piercing on it supposing to make him look more masculine."No thanks, man.I'm not that guy anymore.Sorry. ""Pussy. "He mutters and I grab his shoulder and turn his sorry face back round."What did you say?"I ask, squaring my shoulders up to him, my nose inches from his."Puss.ay. "He says, his head tilted to the side for each syllable.I push his shoulders hard and he falls down to the floor."Fuck you, Luke!You're no fucking fun anymore man. ""Yeah, well some of us grow up you dick. ""Whatever, man. "He gets up and scurries back to his chosen girl for the evening.The microphone screeches and 'Numb' by Gary Clark Jr begins to play.Warm arms circle my waist."Dance with me or fuck me, it's up to you?"She whispers in my ear, causing a combination of twinges in my trousers.I turn to face her and her lips meet mine, desperation clinging through me."I missed you. "I purr against her mouth, cup her head, and bring her harder against me.Her hair is soft through my fingers, her lips swollen.The taste of her could never fucking leave me.My tongue fights hers, desperate to keep her hands searching me."So" She says pulling away."Dance?Or me?""Ella.Dont give me this shit, you know I want you all day every freaking day. "She grins at me, her eyebrows rising as she smiles and I touch her cheek, softly bringing her mouth back for one swift kiss."Dance. "I say against her mouth and she moans."Tease... "She groans and pulls me to the dance floor.I can taste a twinge of alcohol on my tongue, so she must have had some of that poisonous punch.She locks her arms around my back and looks up at me, her beautiful blue eyes delving into my soul."No, baby, no dancing like teenagers. "I pull her against me hard and she gasps at the contact.Her breasts are flush against my chest and I can feel her rapid heartbeat through my shirt.I lift her dress so my knee can go between her legs and lift her gently."I'm going to grind you now, baby, and if you come, you tell me. "She nods as we work to the music.She grinds against my leg and tilts her head back as I drop her low.My hand is at her lower back, our breaths mixing together.She pulls my face close to hers as our bodies work each other.I'm as hard as a fucking rock.Maybe sex wouldve been better.She moans into my ear, my name breathless whispers."Baby, I'm gonna come. "She mutters into my ear and I pull her harder against my leg, her desperation and open mouth watching me in awe as I remove my leg and slide my hand under her panties."Fuck" She growls and watches my hand for a second, but then relays her eyes on me.I slide my fingers up and down her and groan in appreciation."So wet for me. "I whisper into her ear.She holds my neck tight and I'm grateful bodies surround us dancing and nobody is paying attention.Her moans are lost among the music, and as she orgasms, I slide two fingers into her and stroke her delicate muscles softly."Luke" The song comes to a stop and I pull my fingers out of her.She grabs them and wraps her mouth around them."You want me to come in my fucking trousers?"I growl and pull my hand away.She shrugs and grins at me."Thank you, I needed that. "She whispers and kisses my lips softly.Ella  Jenna comes bouncing towards me in her pink prom dress, a cup of punch in her hand."Hey, Ella!Luke told me to tell you he's waiting for you outside.He has a surprise. "She whispers the last sentence and nods at me."Okay, Jenna, thank you. "I try force a smile but her breath makes me want to vomit.Im not sure I believe her.But the limo we arrived in earlier is at the exit when I step out.The driver holds his hand out to me, takes my purse, and helps me into the back seat.The figure that was sitting on the back seat leaves through the door opposite and it slams behind them, with mine slamming straight after.I try unlocking it, but no use."Hey!LUKE!"I bang on the window but the limo speeds off, causing me to fall back against my seat.Luke  I swirl the orange looking liquid in my red solo cup.What the fuck is this shit?I take a drink and let it run down my throat.That is not punch.It definitely has some vodka or something in it."Hey Luke. "Oh fuck off!"Hey, Evie, you seen Ella?""Who?""Y'know, Ella, my girlfriend?"I raise my eyebrow at her and she goes a bright red.