He says, smirking."Why?"I ask my hands now firmly stamped on my hips."Because you're cute when you're mad. "He winks at me and puts his hands on the steering wheel."Please let me drive it, Ellie. "He pulls a sad face and I laugh softly at him."Okay. "I murmur and walk over to the passenger door.I jump over the door and into the seat."Keys?"He asks and I fish them out of my pocket and hand them to him.When they hit his palm, he grabs my hand and pulls me to him, our lips instantly meeting.I let his lips kiss me softly before opening up to him and letting his tongue work with mine.He pulls away first."I could never get enough of that. "He whispers and licks his lips.He sits back, puts the key in the ignition, and the car sparks to life."Break it, Luke, and I swear"  "What?Ella, you have seen the damn cars I drive.Of course I'll be careful. "He pulls out of my driveway and we drive away from my house."Where are going?"I ask."And where's your car?""My house and I walked. ""You walked?""Yeah, felt like getting some fresh air. "He shrugs and turns on my radio."Evening Charlotte, if you're just joining us it looks like we're in for a treat!The sky is mostly cloudy tonight with some clouds that might look threatening, but tomorrow we are due sunshine!Yes, you heard me right!Warm sunshine all day tomorrow!We've had no new traffic updates tonight so all roads are fine.I'll be leaving you with The Beatles, Let It Be.Goodnight!"I watch Luke as he drives my car; his hair floats softly in the wind as his fingers tap my white steering wheel.He lifts my hand from my lap and kisses the top of it gently.He keeps hold of my hand until he has to turn a corner.Wait, where are we?"Luke" I ask."Mhmmm"  "Where are we going?"He turns to face me briefly and shrugs."I told you, baby.My home. ""But, we're going the wrong way. ""No, we're not. "He smiles from the corner of his mouth and laughs gently."Oh my God.We're going to your parents house aren't we?""My dad's house, yes. "He grabs my hand again and plays with my fingers softly."Where's your "  "Dead. "He answers firmly."Oh, I'm sorry. "I whisper."Don't be stupid, Ellie, wasn't your fault was it?"He gives me a reassuring smile as we reach a very large home."Whoa. "I whisper as he stops my car in front of two very large metal gates.He smiles and shakes his head at me as he leans up to retrieve a remote from his back pocket.He presses in a code and the gates open.He drives the car slowly along the white graveled road, which makes sufficient crunching noises beneath us.Twenty One      "Can you stop looking at my house like you want to make love to it?"Luke asks, his arms crossed over his broad chest as he leans against my car.I turn to look at him and smile softly.His head is bowed slightly and he's staring at me through those little strands of hair that rest so perfectly on his forehead.I walk over to him and he instantly wraps his arms around my waist, like Im his and only his.I put my arms around his neck and grin a huge beaming grin."You have beautiful eyes, Luke. "I murmur and he looks away from me.I turn his chin back so that he's facing me and drop my fingers down his cheek gently."You have beautiful eyes, Luke. "I repeat and he kisses me softly."Why can you not take compliments?"I ask."It's nothing, Ella.Come on, let's go inside. "He weaves his fingers through mine and opens the large wooden door.When he pulls me in, I look around at the beauty surrounding me."Wow, Luke!This place is beautiful!"He rolls his eyes at me and a large St Bernard comes bounding for us."Hey, Missy!"Luke fusses over the dog and squats to its level.I keep on my invasion and have a look around.There is a large grand staircase in front of me that splits in the middle, leading to two opposite staircases."Luke!Where have you been?I needed someone to help me move my trampoline!"A small girl appears, her feet stomping across the white tiled floor, she stops in front of Luke, arms crossed over her chest."Hush now, little lady, we have company. "Luke nods over in my direction and I give her a small wave."Oh, hey!Are you, Ella?"She asks sweetly."Yeah, I am. "I say and look over at Luke.His family knows me.It warms some little part of me that was cold and I feel it set alight."You're very pretty. "Her arms are swaying side to side and her eyes pierce mine with a beautiful emerald shine.Just like Luke's.Her long brown hair stops at her waist and she pushes it behind her back."As are you?""Isabella. "She states firmly, proudly."Oh, is that so?"I say, my gaze firmly locked on Luke.He shies away and pretends to deal with Missy.I squat down to look little Isabella in the eye and wave her to come closer.She comes willingly and I whisper in her ear.She opens her mouth in shock and turns to Luke."Why didn't you tell me your girlfriend has the same name as me!"She stomps her feet again and I return to standing.She groans and walks away."She's so cute. "I mutter as Luke takes me around my waist.He swoops me down slowly and I giggle.He pulls me back up gently."Why couldn't I have met you sooner?"He asks, as he tucks a loose tendril of hair behind my ear.He releases me and I pull my hoody over my head."Here, take this.I don't want your dad seeing me in a rock bands hoody. "I shove it in his hands."Don't be stupid, lady, I don't care what you wear.We're not judgmental in this house!"says a voice from behind.I turn and I'm faced with a black suit.I look up and smile at the man."Luke's dad, Peter, but you can call me Pete.It's a pleasure to finally meet you, Ella. "He pulls me toward him and kisses my cheek."You too. "I mutter and quickly grab Luke's hand."Hey, Dad. "Luke says and shoves his hands into his jean pockets.Er hello?Can I have your hand back, safety net?"Luke, can you tidy that room of yours, seriously?"His dad rolls his eyes and smiles warmly at me.He pulls out his cell phone from his pocket.I didn't even here it ring."Excuse me. "He holds his finger up and walks away, his shoes clacking against the tiles."Your dad seems cool. "I shrug, my legs swaying backwards and forwards on my heels."Yeah, he's alright I guess.I just" He shakes his head and grabs my hand."Come on, I want to show you my room. "He winks at me and it makes me blush.His room is so unexpected; so different from his room at the Madison.His walls are covered in posters, displaying many different rock bands."Erm, Luke!"I say, slapping his arm."Why didn't you tell me you like Guns 'N Roses?"I point to the photo of Axl Rose.He's leant forward, his arms held onto a microphone and screaming some amazing lyric through it.Luke walks over to the far end of the room where there is an electric guitar sitting on its stand.I walk over, my mouth open in shock.I mentally punish myself and close it."Can you play?"I ask."Yeah. "He replies and shrugs.He picks up the guitar, plugs it into an amp, and sits on his bed.I take a seat on the cozy rug on his floor and cross my legs beneath me."I wanna listen. "I grin at him and he gives me a grin back.Oh man, that smile.Those arms.Justjust him.He places the guitar strap over his shoulder and pulls his plectrum from the strings.He starts to strum and the room fills with Guns 'N Roses 'Sweet Child Of Mine. 'I honestly think I've died and gone to heaven.He starts to sing the lyrics softly and I join in.He cautiously puts the guitar back and holds his arms out to me.I jump up and squeal loudly.I tackle him down to the bed and pin his hands either side of his head, lacing his fingers with mine.I lower my face to his and gently graze my nose along his."That was the sexiest thing, I have ever seen. "He smirks softly and rolls his eyes."Oh really?"He says, his bottom lip caught in his teeth.I look down at him in awe and groan softly, letting go of his hands."Okay, that's sexy too. "His fingers slowly graze under my tank top; he lifts it up slightly, his hands skimming my ribs."You're so beautiful, Ellie, my girl. ""Your girl?"I ask, my left eyebrow raised."My girl. "He whispers and cups the back of my head bringing my lips to his.******    Soft guitar playing.Soft singing.Huh?I open my eyes slowly and Luke is sitting across the room from me, playing his acoustic guitar softly, and looking at me.I keep hidden so he doesn't think I'm awake.He stops playing and puts the guitar against his wall.Nickelback.I prop up onto my elbows much to his surprise and smile at him."Hey, did I wake you?""Yeah. "I rub my head."Sorry, its my meds always making me sleepy.Oh, and someone was making noise. "I smile at him and he sighs.He squats down next to the bed and holds my hand.He looks down at it and then back up to me.He strokes some hair from my face and he looks troubled."Luke, what's wrong?"He swallows twice and looks to the floor."She died three years ago.Bella was one.I was, well y'knowcaught up in high school shit.She hadcancer, the one that, women get, ovarian.She didn't know until it was too late. "He gulps and I press my lips to his forehead.He smiles softly."She was an angel, my mom.She always found the good in someone, even if all the good was evil.My dad lost it the day we all found out.He left for three weeks, went to L. A or somewhere and drank himself stupid. "He shakes his head at the memory and his green eyes look unfamiliarly dark, sad."My mom still looked after us.She...shestill made us breakfast. "His last word is a whisper and as the first tear falls, I jump to the floor and scoop him up into my arms.He holds me close and cries into my shoulder.I let him cry all he wants.I know that pain.The pain of losing someone who meant everything one day and the next they were gone.Vanished."Luke, you will see her again, she hasn't really left.She's here right now. "He moves his head from my shoulder and I cup his cheeks.His eyes have gone a bright green, filled with raw emotion."She's here, baby, she loves you.She's helped us find each other.Two souls not destined to see any future together, but here we are... "I let out a soft giggle and shrug."Loving each other. "I wipe the tears from his cheeks and kiss his beautiful, soft lips carefully, as if not to break him."We're here together through our sadness.These people helped us.Call me stupid but that's how I see it.Right now, all I can feel is strength.Me and you. "He looks down and his sobs come rushing back."ButElla... "He sniffs slightly and kisses my forehead."I'm leaving you.I'm going away. ""Yesbut" I lift his chin up to so his eyes meet mine."I'm still alive.Wherever we are, I'll be breathing somewhere.I won't be lost.One day you can see my face again.That's the beauty of us.You will still find me.I know you will. "He holds me tightly and we fall deeper into a dream, both of us picturing the moment we see each other again.******    "Come on. "He whispers and pulls me to my feet."I have a surprise for you. "We drive for a little while, his fingers laced with mine.Every few minutes he kisses my hand, sometimes nibbling on my fingers softly.When he parks my Mustang, we are at my bridge.I haven't been here in ages.I stare at him intently and he comes around to the passenger side and opens my door.He bows and I laugh."Now, you have to close your eyes, mlady. ""Erm, really?""Yes, Ellie, close your eyes. "I comply and bat my arms against my sides."So moody. "He whispers in my ear and places his hands across my eyes from behind."Follow my lead. "He guides me down the steps to the tunnel under the bridge.Our first kiss.He stops and takes his hands away from my eyes."Open your eyes, baby. "I open them and gape in awe.I turn to face him and laugh.I run to him and leap into his arms, my legs around his waist."It's beautiful. "I squeal excitedly and let him go.He has transformed the small tunnel; it has fairy lights hanging from the ceiling and a small picnic blanket on the floor with a picnic basket.Rose petals delicately forming a small path across the concrete."So, you like it?"he asks, grinning with obvious pride."Luke, it's beautiful. "He grabs my hand and leads me over to the perfect picnic he has created."Wait, how did you do this?"I ask, gently pulling away from him."Ah, well, that's for me to know and you to find out. "He pulls me flush against him as his hand holds the nape of my neck."So beautiful. "He whispers and kisses me lustfully.He tears himself away for a second and sighs hard, his hands still holding me tightly."Ellie, wherever I will be, believe it, baby, I will be thinking of you.I can't believe how much I love you. "He stops and gestures with his head for me to look around the tunnel."This is for us, something to remember, to look back on.Anytime that we are apart, baby, promise me that when you close your eyes, you'll be here, right here with me.We will be here in this moment.I know I'm going to see you again.Just don't forget, Ellie.A part of us will always be together.My dreams of you will haunt me.They'll chase me every night until I see you again. "He kisses away my tears that are dropping softly down my cheeks."Always sad, my beautiful lady, don't cry. ""I'm just going to miss you. "I whisper."I know, likewise, you're my sunshine. ""My only sunshine. "I whisper and he pulls me down to the blanket."Luckily for us, it's quite warm tonight.I've been planning on this since we had that argument. "He shakes his head."Anyway. "He opens up the classic wicker picnic basket and offers me a sandwich."What's in it?I ask looking down at the white bread."Well, don't get mad, but I told your parents about tonight. "I stop looking at my sandwich and frown at him."Hey!No getting mad at me, I did it so I could find out your favorite sandwichand so I could create this memory with you. "I smile and take a bite of my sandwich."I'll let you off then.Well, just as always, it's made correctly...did my mom help you?""To make a chip sandwich?Are you kidding?"I giggle at him and he laughs back at me."You're so adorable.I'll miss that. "He plays with his juice box and takes a sip from the straw."This isn't going to be fun.Also, did you get matching stuff for your suit for prom?"He raises his eyebrows at me."Stuff?"He asks, a huge grin spread across his beautiful mouth.He pops in a pretzel and I frown."I don't know what it's called.Bowtie?I don't know. ""I got a cummerbund yes. ""What the hell is a 'cummerbund'?""It goes around your waist. "He gestures around his lower stomach at where it goes.I nod in agreement."You got blue, yes?""Yes, baby, I got blue. "He shakes his head."So adorable. "We sit for a few hours, talking, breathing, and loving each other the way we are meant to.He told me his life plans and how long he will be studying at Princeton.I told him about my life ambitions, mainly about working somewhere that involves writing.I couldn't help but watch every single gesture.Every moment, so I didn't forget.I watched the way his mouth would curve into a smile every time I touched him.How he would gently swipe stray strands of hair from his forehead.The way his body filled his clothes, his biceps bulging firmly as he offered me a cupcake.I watched how his eyebrow raised when he was joking around with me.The way his fingers perfectly laced with mine."Come on, baby, time to go. "He whispers, my head on his lap.His fingers stoke my head softly."I don't want to.I want to stay here, in your arms.Remembering. ""Me too. "He held me for a while longer and I fall asleep in his arms.Twenty Two      His warm arms are holding me softly.His gentle breath teasing my neck.The sunbeams are dancing across my bedroom floor in floating lines.I smile and stroke the arm that is holding my waist.It's amazing to think, that five weeks ago, I was lost in a world of torment that I no longer wanted.That torment may have been my thoughts, but I was saved.He saved me, I can't explain how but he did.I hold out my hand and look at the scar that is acquiring to my palm.That memory will always be there.Just as every single scar will make me remember.I hold out my arm and gently run my finger down the soft bumps.That was a knife, that one was a razor.That one was a plastic knife.This one was a piece of glass.The memories will always be there, lodged into my brain.The beauty of this man asleep beside me overwhelms me.His face, his features a work of art.His soft breathing is like a hummingbird, so soft, yet beautiful.He makes me feel at peace.An emotion I have never felt, not properly, for over six years of my life.He has suffered a loss like me but not suffered the depression that I had suffered.I hold his hand, because there is no other hand I would rather hold.He stirs and I feel his arm tighten against me."Morning, beautiful. "He whispers against my hair."Hi. "I wiggle under his kisses against my neck.He moves the hair away and kisses me again."St t t o p p. "I giggle."When you make that noise, baby, never. "He grins against my neck and blows raspberries.I laugh uncontrollably as he starts to tickle my body.I end up underneath him, his hands pinning mine to the bed."Hey!"I protest and twist my head when he tries to kiss my face."Baby, you wound me.I have an idea. "He grins and I just swoon under his gaze."You do, do you?""Yep. "He smiles and kisses my forehead."What's that then?""Me, you, the beach?"He kisses my mouth softly and pulls my bottom lip with his teeth."You always taste amazing, Ella. "I blush ferociously at his words."So, me, you, beach?""It's like a two hour drive, Luke. ""Yeah?And?It's you and me only today.I won't let anyone ruin this day for me.No cell phones. "He smiles at me and lets my arms go.I decide to tickle him back and he starts wiggling under my fingers."Oh!So now who's ticklish?""You neveraske d d, baby, STOP!"He starts to laugh and I climb on top of him and straddle his hips.I let my hair fall around us like a veil and kiss him softly.He pulls me down to him and kisses me with passion like he could never stop, like I'm all he ever needs."Morning, kids!"My dad shouts as we enter the kitchen, Luke's arm around my waist.I walk over to my dad as Luke releases me and I kiss his cheek."Morning. "I reply and smile at my family enjoying their breakfast."Luke, what have you done with Ella?"My mom asks and I gently slap her arm."Hey!I'm still me. ""Yeah.okay. "Holly intervenes."You're, well, happy.I missed you. "I hug my sister from behind.This beautiful girl, happy that I'm happy."I am happy. "I exclaim."So are you going to feed us?We're going to the beach together today. "I beam at my family and they all look up at Luke."Umyeah, I'm taking Ella to Carolina Beach, thought we could use a day together, justus. "He shrugs and my dad pulls a seat out beside him.I smile and sit down.Luke sits on the seat opposite me, next to my mom, and smiles at me."Well, dig in guys, theres bacon, eggs, and pancakes. "My mom beams."You're amazing. "Luke says to my mom.I honestly think she blushes.Mom!I scowl at her gently and she gives me a soft smile.******    "What is that?"Luke whispers when I open the front door to him.He's been home to get changed and showered, his hair is damp and in gentle spikes on his head.He's dressed in a tight tank top that defines his broad chest with his speed bump abs and green cargo shorts.I look him up and down and lick my lips.He winks at me and smiles gently.I grin and tilt my head to the side, tossing the water balloon in my hand."It's a water balloon, babywanna play?""Oh no you don't, Ella... "He backs off and I instinctively walk forward."I just got dressed. ""I'll buy you new clothes. ""No, babyplease " he laughs nervously."Wimp" I breathe and he runs to the other side of his car."This isn't fair, Ellie!I don't have my own weapon, I call a truce!""Truce?That could work. "I lift the t shirt over my head to reveal my pink bikini.He stops ducking and slowly raises himself to a standing position."Like what you see?"I ask, twisting my hair in my fingers."Oh, hell yeah. "He whispers."What do you see?"I ask against a grin."I see the most beautiful, intellectual perfection, my Ellie, in all her stunning beauty. "He smiles his beautiful grin and strides towards me.He grabs me around my waist and pulls me close, his lips barely reaching mine."You are beautiful, Ella, so, so, beautiful. "He lifts me so I have to wrap my legs around his waist.He sweeps my mouth with his tongue and I let his play amongst mine.My free hand is pulling at his hair and he walks backwards, drops me on the hood of his car, still kissing me deeply.I start to laugh beneath the kiss, the water balloon still in my left hand.I pull away gently."You shouldn't trust me!""Ellie, no!"I burst the balloon over his head and he scowls.I shudder at his expression, but it soon changes to a grin and I scramble off the hood and onto my parents front lawn.I back up gently."Oh, baby, you're going to get it now!"He starts to chase me around the front lawn, my giggles and screeches being made known to the neighbors.He grabs me and I slip to the ground."Ouch, that hurt. "I pout.He lays over me, his leg between my thighs, and strokes my hair down my cheek gently."You really shouldn't wear such a small amount of clothing, Ella, it's dangerous. ""Oh yeah?To me or to you?"I ask, stroking his wet hair away from his forehead.You know when you lock eyes with a complete stranger, you look away immediately, and you feel nothing?Nothing is sparked, there is no knowledge, but sometimes you wonder about that persons life.Who are they?Who have they created?What did they discover?With Luke right now, in this moment, his eyes connecting with mine, I see his soul, I feel an electricity pass through us both and neither of us can look away.We drown in each others existence.I now understand why we love each other, to understand and cherish one another.He cuts off my reverie with a kiss."Definitely you, baby. "He winks at me and tickles my sides again, this is his weapon.I giggle and squeal and he shakes his wet hair all over my body."That's cold!"I shout and he sighs at me.I know what's going through his head, to be without me for so long, to not have these moments for months on end.He stands to his feet and holds his hand out.I grab it and he pulls me up.He pulls me close, his hand on my lower back, his other cupping my cheek."I love you. "He says, his eyes searching mine."God, Luke.I love you too, baby, always. "He kisses me softly, giving me a firm slap on my behind, and I yelp."Come on girl, me, you, beach now!"******    "You took the wrong turn. "I moan as I drop the large map into my lap.I push my sunglasses up my nose and he turns to smile at me."Shhh you.I know where I'm going. "He grins at me."Clearly. "I grumble."Eyes on the road, not on me please. "I smile and look back at the map and the passing road signs."I can't believe I let you drive my car all this way.It's going to be pained later. ""No, it won't.Plus, I don't have a convertible.Aren't you driving it to L.A?""Yeah, but not until I get settled in.My dad's driving him over for me."It's a he?"He looks at me and then back at the road when I scowl at him."Yes, of course he's a he.He's my baby. "He looks over at me and pouts."I thought I was your baby. "I laugh and shake my head."You are my second baby.Good enough?""I suppose. "He murmurs."Oh, turning this up!"I turn the dial on the radio as Mm bop fills our ears.I turn to him and sing the lyrics.He joins in with me as we both dance with one another.We are completely at ease with each other.He puts his hand on my knee and gives me a heartwarming smile.I have never felt such hope and love for life as I do right now.He has captured me, I'm the happiest I have ever been.My life is finally serene.We pull up into a parking lot and Luke grabs our beach stuff from my trunk.He slings the bag over his shoulder and pulls me so that his free hand is wrapped around my waist.He kisses my hair gently and leads me towards the beach.******    I'm sprawled out on my beach towel watching Luke with a rented surfboard, trying his hardest to ride the flowing waves.The sun is shining bright on my face and I'm grateful for the Vitamin D.  I let it soak into my skin, heating my blood.I sit up on my elbows and watch Luke.He's riding a wave and his body is just perfect.His tanned body is soft against the blue waves, his muscles all jumped up to attention, each of them working hard to keep him on the board.Shit, how did I get so lucky?He waves at me and loses his balance.I giggle to myself and stand up.I walk over to the edge of the water and let the cool liquid cover my feet.I dig my toes into the sand and smile."Hey there" Says a voice.I turn to face a tall guy, he looks about my age.His hair is blonde and rugged, his blue eyes too big for his face."Umm hi?"I say and turn away."You from around here?"He asks."Nope, Charlotte.You?""Yeah, I live here. ""That'sawesome. "I say, anxious now, I don't want Luke to see and cause a scene."You're very pretty.I would have definitely noticed you before, if you did live here.Hey, you can look at me you know. ""I have a boyfriend. "I blurt out."Ohthat's cool.You're still pretty though.What's your name?""Nothing to do with you, that's for sure. "Luke's voice appears behind us and we both swing around to look at him.I instantly look down at my feet while he looks the guy up and down."Sorry man, I'm guessing you're the boyfriend?""Right.Bye. "Luke grabs my arm and pulls me away."What the hell, Ella?"He looks down at me and I struggle to meet his eyes."He came to me, I didn't do anything, and it was just friendly conversation. "I shrug my shoulders and look at some imaginary molecule on the sand."Hey," He lifts my chin to meet his eyes."I don't like random guys coming on to you, baby, you are all I need, I can't lose you. "I study his face, looking for some clue.His body throws me off, the water dropping from his hair onto his torso, sinking down his abdomen, through the defined lines of his muscles."Don't look at me like that. "He whispers."Why not?"I ask, looking away and then back into his eyes."Because, I will go book some hotel room, take you there, and then you can fucking look at me like that all you want. "I smile softly and he pulls me close."Where's your surfboard?""Took it back to the guy at the rental shop.Anyway, enough talking for now I think. "He grabs me and flings me over his shoulder."Luke!Hey!"I squeal as he carries me towards the ocean like a caveman."Oh hell no, LUKE, put me down!""Never, baby, you ready?""Luke. "I warn.He's started to wade through the water."One. ""Luke, please. "I giggle."Two. "I bang my fists gently against his back."THREE!"He throws me from his shoulder and into the freezing cold Atlantic Ocean.I fall beneath the salt water, it quickly entering my lungs.I come up quickly coughing and spluttering."I hate you. "I pout and he laughs.He swims towards me and I push the wet hair from my face."You know something, Ella. "He asks, his arms reaching and curling around my waist."What?"I ask, gently coughing the remainder of seawater from my lungs."You are the closest thing to heaven, to paradise. "He moves a stray lock of wet hair away from my eyes."You are the most amazing person I have ever met.You have suffered so much loss, despair, and shame.Yet, you let me in, you let me help you, fall in love with you, make love to you.You are the definition of beautiful in so many ways.The way you'll help anyone with anything, the way you'll carry worries upon your shoulders and wear them like armor.You're justmy everything. "His lips graze mine and I can't help but let the words he just said sink into me, into my heart, through my pores, memorized into my head, my heart.I let myself explore his kiss, the desperation clinging to my back through his hands.He moves his hands down to cup my ass and lifts me gently in the water."And, you're the sexiest girl Ive ever seen. "He smiles against my mouth and I kiss him harder.I pull away gently and smile down at him."Youre sexy too, Lukey. "I kiss his forehead and place gentle feather light kisses down his cheek toward his mouth.I kiss his lips softly and he groans against me.He drops me gently into the water and my feet hit the soft sand below."I've found my best friend.In you, in what you are.You're my world right now, cheesy or not, you are.I've been waiting all my life for you, Luke. "He grins at me and splashes me."Hey!"I protest.I splash him back and he splashes me harder.I duck under the water and sit on the sand.The water raises me back to the surface and I lean my head back as I surface letting my hair fall against my back."Do that a fucking gain I dare you. "Luke walks through the water towards me."Do what" I ask, breathless."Make it a turn on watching you come out of the water.Fucking hell, I'm hard as fuck. "I laugh at his choice of words and cock my eyebrow."And in that fucking bikini, Jesus, Ella.I'm sure you want to kill me. "I playfully tilt my head from side to side as if to consider the idea."You being hard is a turn on. "I gasp through my own words."What did you just say?"I look away, embarrassed.No, I'm not embarrassed to talk dirty with my boyfriend.I gulp and breathe in deeply."I said, you, being hard, is a turn on. "His green gaze becomes intense, his eyes burying into mine."You're a tease, Ella. "He whispers, inches from my face."You know you want it. "I whisper back."Yeah I want it, baby.I want to take you back to the hotel room that I have booked for us, take you on the bed, hard and fast, you screaming my name at the top of your lungs, wet and ready for me. "Fuck.His words have just made a deep pool of heat settle heavy in my groin.He pulls at my bottom lip with his teeth and lets it go gently."Do you trust me?"He asks.I open my eyes and stare into his, desire and want screaming through us both."Yes. "I whisper, his wet fingers lacing through mine."Follow me under the water, keep your eyes shut. "I nod and watch him duck under the water.I hold my breath and dip under the cool water.I feel him grab my hand and pull me flush against him.Then his lips are on mine, kissing me hard.The contact is strange underwater, but gloriously powerful.I give his tongue entrance and it slides against mine for a few seconds before we both lose breath and have to return to the surface.I gasp for air and he pulls my mouth back to his.It takes me by surprise, he's kissing with such force and lust, it makes every nerve stand to attention.Every blood cell heats with his touch.His fingers weave my wet hair, his mouth persistent and hungry."Do you feel that, Ella?Do you fucking feel that?Shit. "He pulls away, softly wading back slowly through the water.My lips are swelling and tingle from the passion in his kiss."Yes, I felt it, Luke.Right though me. "His eyes are glittering with reflections from the water, his wet hair in strands against his forehead."We're meant to be, Els.We were meant to bump into each other that day.We were meant to find it, we had to find it.I've found it with you. ""Found what?"He comes back to me and cups my head in his hands.His eyes study mine, his mouth in a grin."Love, baby.We've found it, in all its glory.We condemned ourselves to feel it, to wish it, and we found it.We didn't even have to try. "His lips softly graze against mine."Come on, baby, time to go. "He lifts me gently; his arms under my rear, and carries me through the sea, toward the shore.Twenty Three      I'm dressed, showered, and ready for Luke's surprise.He won't tell me what it is; I tried to get it out of him, but he won't give in.We made love in the hotel room, our lust from the beach carried with us on the short ride here.We didn't even make it to the bed."What are you thinking about, baby?"Luke asks as he leaves the bathroom.He has a towel wrapped around his waist and is towel drying his hair.The water droplets fall down his immaculate body and I can't help but gape in awe.He tilts up my chin to meet his gaze."Hey, I'm up here. "He gives my lips a gentle kiss."You look amazing, Ella. "I'm dressed in a white summer dress that reaches mid thigh and cowboy boots.My hair is tied back into a ponytail, some small strands resting onto my face in soft curls."Thanks. "I whisper.I watch him rummage through his duffel bag for his clothes and bite my lip at him.He catches me and shakes his head."Baby, please, I've told you.Stop looking at me that way, otherwise we won't be going anywhere. "He grabs some jeans and a black top and pulls them on."Ready?""Your hair is still wet. "I say standing and pushing a small strand away from his eyes."Why do you love me, Ella?"I move my eyes from his hair to meet his and smile."Because you make me realize the light from the dark.You make me see clarity in all forms of unclarity.You make every mistake a reason.You make every flower bloom inside me.Every sadness becomes happiness.Every pain becomes a smile.You justtake my breath away. "He softly kisses my lips and pulls me into an embrace.******    His fingers lace with mine and we walk through the crowds that have gathered at the fair on the beach.There are all these people around us but I hear nothing.All I feel is his thumb doing soft strokes across my knuckles, his breathing.All of my darkness has turned to light.I can't hear them anymore.The voices, they've gone.The elastic band is still on my wrist, just in case of a trigger.I always hated that I had to do that, but it does work.The snap of the band gives the element of pain needed to stop the urge, to free it through my blood.I watch as the girls look at him, putting on their prettiest smiles, but I have his hand laced with mine.I am the one whose knuckles are being stroked.He puts his lips to my hair and kisses softly."Wanna go on the Ferris wheel?"We stop in front of the wheel and I smile up at him."Like a typical high school carnival thing then?Where the boy takes the girl on the Ferris wheel and they kiss at the top?""Yes, I want that with you. "I squeeze his hand and we join the line.He releases my hand, curls his arm around my waist, and pulls me tight against him."Are you warm enough?"He asks.Such concern makes me smile."Yes, I'm fine thank you. "I put my arm around his back and hold onto him."Everything is warmer now. "I whisper."What was that?"He asks looking down."Nothing. "I say and kiss his lips.When we reach the front of the line, Luke pays and we sit in a small booth only big enough for two, with a bar lowered across our hips."This looks, old. "I say, with a hint of nerves coming through my voice.I look around and the paint is peeling away.The wood is rotting slightly and fragrant."We'll be fine. "He says and laces his fingers through mine.The wheel begins its ascent and I instantly feel nauseous.Luke pulls me closer and I rest my head against his shoulder.It takes a long time before Luke and I are at the top.I don't know why, but even more nerves have appeared.My stomach feels like it's holding rocks.The wheel comes to an abrupt stop and it jerks the carriage slightly.I breathe in slowly and exhale.The view from here is beautiful.I turn slightly to look at Luke, and he's texting?"Hey?"I nudge him with my shoulder."What are you doing, I thought you said no Cell phones?""Shhh, you'll find out. "He shoves his phone back in his pocket and cups my cheek.I turn my face slightly and focus on his mouth.He bites his bottom lip and his fingers brush the curls from my face."You are just, Ella, you're just, amazing. "He pulls me in to him and gently kisses my lips with his.I cup his face with my hands and kiss him back.The butterflies are back from vacation, taking over and shoving my nerves into a dark corner."Please, don't ever leave me. "I say through a choked sob."Never, baby, never. "He suppresses and kisses me again."Never. "He whispers."You promise?""Forever and always, Ella, I promised you, forever and always. "He reaches out for my hand again and squeezes hard.******    The soft sand buries my toes as we walk along the beach.We dropped our shoes at the entrance to the beach with the hope that they wouldn't be stolen.In the distance is a large group of people, probably some high school kids, enjoying their last days at home before college."They look like theyre having fun. "I say and turn to look up at Luke."Yeah, I know right, it's a shame we don't have a beach closer to home.House parties are so boring. "He shrugs and I squeeze his hand."Hey. "He whispers and we stop walking."I need you to know this now, baby, I need you to realize. "