Natalia Philips hardly noticed that her phone had slipped from her fingers and landed onto the floor underneath her desk. Her mouth slightly opened, she was close to drooling at the heavenly sight before her. Who is that beautiful man?

She admired his low cut fade, took notice of his flawless caramel colored skin, and the way his beautiful set of perfectly shaped white teeth sparkled when he smiled. He was dressed immaculately in a black buttoned down shirt and a gray sports coat which did very little to hide his bulging biceps and pectorals.

Her dark brown eyes traveled upward once more, connecting with his hazel ones. He flashed her a million-dollar smile showing his left dimple. He’d caught her checking him out.

She held his gaze until he turned to respond to Kevin Maxwell, a second year lawyer that was showing him around. She said in a very low tone meant for no one’s ears, “That man is going to be mine.”

“Eh um.” Jenifer, another paralegal at Lockhart-Stratton and Associates and the closest person she had to a friend, wrenched her away from her lustful thoughts. Natalia slowly pulled her gaze away from the mystery man as he was leaving the room. “I like that view even better.” She gave her friend a devious smile. “Who is he?”

Jenifer sat at her desk next to Natalia’s, looking through a stack of files. She recited from memory everything she knew. “His name is Bryan Hunter. Recent graduate of Regent School of Law, top of his class, passed the bar the first time, never been married, no kids, and today is his first day. He was born and raised here in the Hampton Roads area. His dad, Robert Hunter is a retired Air Force chief and his mother, Bethel has always done a lot of volunteer work in the community. She’s real sanctified.”

“How do you know all of this already?” Natalia asked.

“It’s my job to know.”

“Did you investigate me before I came?”

“Didn’t need to,” Jenifer shook her head, “your reputation preceded you.”

“What does that mean?” Natalia frowned.

“It means we all knew you were born to a Black mother that’s a college professor and a Latino father that has a very prestigious real estate company. You’re a spoiled brat with a borderline personality disorder, born with a silver spoon in your mouth and you’ll do whatever it takes in order to get what you want no matter who it hurts. And would you look at that? I was right.”

Natalia rolled her eyes. “Whatever.”

“Don’t get your feelings all hurt. You shouldn’t have asked. You know me. At forty-two, I don’t believe in sugar coating my words. Plus, I didn’t say nothing that wasn’t true.” Jenifer looked at Natalia who was still looking down the hall towards Bryan.

“Look at you now. You’re probably already making plans to seduce that man, whom you’ve never even met, just because you think you can when you’ve got a perfectly fine husband that’s home every night, and from what I can tell, would do anything for you.”

“I never said I was going to have sex with the man.” Natalia said under her breath but loud enough to be heard. “Just enjoying the view.”

“Alright, girl,” Jenifer warned. “Just be careful. You think that stuff is cute now, but you can’t play these games too long. You’re going to either end up dead or alone.”



“How long has she worked here?” Bryan asked Kevin as they left the paralegal room.

Kevin followed Bryan’s gaze. “Oh, that’s Natalia. She’s been with us for about a year now. You don’t want to get caught up with that, trust me.”

Bryan smiled. “I hear ya, man. But, she’s kind of hard to miss.”

“Believe me, I know,” Kevin shook his head. “But, she’s got a reputation around here. When she sees something she wants, she doesn’t stop until she gets it. And by the way she was drooling over you, I’m pretty sure you’re the something she wants this week.”

“Come on, man. Look at her,” Bryan replied. “How much harm could she do, really? I’m sure I’ll be fine.”

“If you say so. But don’t be surprised if she’s in there right now bribing the other paralegals so she can get assigned to you. She looks harmless, but she’s the best manipulator I’ve ever come across and I’m a lawyer.”

Bryan had his share of women during college and law school. He liked a woman who knew what she wanted. He was definitely attracted to Natalia, but he was tired of life in the fast lane. Being raised in the church, he knew living that way would only lead to destruction.

He had recently started back going to church at Set Free Christian Ministries, and had rededicated his life to Christ. His main goal was to get his career going, get closer to Christ, and settle down with a wife. Judging by the way Natalia was dressed and calling him with her eyes, she definitely was not the one.

“Come on,” Kevin said to Bryan. “It looks like the partners meeting is over, I’ll take you in so they can walk you through everything else.”





 2

Ashlee Allen paid the cab driver, jumped out, and ran at full speed into the Hillside Regional Convalescent Home. Her long thick hair was pulled back into a low ponytail. She was dressed in light blue scrubs. Her heart pounded. Sweat covered her entire body.

She looked at her thin, outdated, slightly faded black watch. The time read 6:33. She was late for work again. Her supervisor Gail Johnson told her if she was late one more time, not to even bother clocking in because she would be out of a job. She went inside. She was going to clock in anyway. She hoped Gail wouldn’t notice.

Ashlee had been working as a nursing assistant for almost a year. Shortly after she received her GED, her mother Patricia Allen told her about the CNA classes offered at the hospital where she worked.

Ashlee wasn’t at all enthusiastic about the idea of being a nursing assistant. She had dreamed of becoming an artist. During her junior year in high school, she received several scholarship offers and had plans to attend the California Institute of the Arts in Santa Clarita, California. That dream was short lived.

Her parents didn’t find out she was pregnant until she was seven months along. Her mother told her as soon as her baby was born, she had six months to get out. That was Pat for you. She always told her girls she was done raising kids, and if any of them got pregnant, they couldn’t stay in her house. At least she had given her a chance to complete her CNA classes and land a job before she completely kicked her out.

Her dad, Henry Allen, didn’t completely agree with her leaving so soon. He really didn’t like the idea of her living in the projects in Newport News, especially when he lived in Williamsburg and couldn’t get to her every day. But, he didn’t stand a chance with Pat.

Growing up in the Allen household was hard for Ashlee. Her parents weren’t exactly a part of the upper class. But they never struggled financially and had everything they needed. Her dad worked in construction and her mom was a medical transcriptionist.

Ashlee had a bit of an inferiority complex. She felt as if she couldn’t do anything right as far as her mother was concerned and her father was such a yes man he never stood up for her. He always went along with whatever their mother said.

Ashlee was a good student. She was usually on the honor roll with the exception of an occasional C here or there, and she excelled in art. But it was never good enough. She was often compared to her older sister Tracy who always made straight A’s. Her mother didn’t try to hide the fact that she was more partial to Tracy.

Then there was Aja, her sister that was four years younger. Ashlee was frequently blamed for things Aja did. Ashlee spent much of her life trying to do things to please her mother, but always seemed to come up short. She often felt like a screw up.

So when Jamal came along telling her how pretty she looked, it didn’t take too much more for her to fall in love and do anything he’d wanted. With the exception of her sister Tracy, who really did have a heart of gold, Ashlee felt no one else really loved her.



Here she was, nineteen years old, with a two year old son and eight months pregnant. She had recently moved out of the projects into a one-bedroom duplex in a much nicer neighborhood.

She really couldn’t afford it based on her regular salary. Whenever she could, she took extra shifts to make ends meet. Her twenty-two-year-old boyfriend, father of her son and unborn child, Jamal Richards never made any attempt to get a job. He barely even slept there anymore.

She figured he probably had another girlfriend, but she was tired of arguing and worrying so she decided to let him stay there until she could figure out other babysitting arrangements. Then, she planned to put him and his stuff out on the curb.

At this point in her life, the only thing she wanted was to make a better life for herself and her children. She needed to get to a place where she could forgive herself for altering her life’s course and find a way to love herself again.

Ashlee was awake and dressed before five o’clock. She had waited around for Jamal to come home from the club that had become his second home. He promised to be home in time to stay with Jordan while she went to work, but once again, he never showed. She called everyone she could think of that he may have been with.

It was 5:45. Her shift started at 6:00. She was sure she had missed her regular bus. She paced nervously on her front porch with her cordless house phone in her hand, not sure what she should do.

“Hey there, Amber. You okay?” Ashlee’s neighbor greeted her from her front door. She was forever getting Ashlee’s name wrong. The truth is Ashlee didn’t like talking with her because she was always inviting her to church and telling her she didn’t need to be shackin’ up.

“Hi, Ms. Esther,” Ashlee said.

“What’s troubling you?”

Ashlee dropped her head and sighed, “I’m about to lose my job because once again Jamal isn’t here to watch Jordan.”

“Where’s Jordan?” Ms. Esther asked.

Ashlee looked towards the house. “In his crib still sleeping.”

“Go on to work, honey. Let me go lock up my house. I’ll come and sit with him until Jerome gets here.”

Ashlee knew she meant Jamal, but at this point she didn’t care. “I’m not sure when he’s coming or if he’s even going to come.”

“Well,” the older lady said with a smile, “I guess I’ll watch him until it’s time for him to start kindergarten.”

Ashlee thanked her by giving her a hug.

Since getting there anytime soon on a bus was out of the question, she was forced to use money she really didn’t have to call a cab in hopes of getting there at least within the six o’clock hour.

She went to clock in, but saw she’d been clocked in thirty minutes prior. Ashlee slipped passed Gail’s office, speed walked down the hall into the area where the schedule was located. She read the sheet to see where the graveyard shift workers had left off and headed to check on her first patient.

“Ashlee! Girl, am I happy to see you. Where have you been?” Monica, Ashlee’s friend she met when she first started working there, greeted her without slowing down. Ashlee kept up with her pace as they talked.

“Did Gail say anything about me coming in so late?” She asked.

“Girl, no.” Monica waved her hand towards her. “I clocked you in and told her you were in the bathroom with a stomach ache. We had two people quit this morning, so she’s been too frantic to double check. They didn’t even bother to come in, called the night nurse and told her to tell Gail they wouldn’t be coming back. You know who it was, those two idiots who are always messing up everything together.”

“Oh, you mean Mia and Tiffany?”

“I guess. I try not to get to know people. Come on, let’s go. We have a lot of ground to cover.”





 3

Natalia sat at her computer with her elbow propped up on her desk. Her chin rested inside her palm. She glanced through the glass window and gave a loud sigh that caught Jenifer’s attention.

“What’s going on?” Jenifer asked.

“Nothing much. I am a little confused, though.” She let out an exasperated breath, then turned to Jenifer. “Do you think Bryan’s gay?”

Jenifer looked from Natalia to Bryan and back again. “Ohhhh, I get it. You haven’t been able to get him to pay you any attention so he must be gay, right? No, I’m pretty sure he’s not gay.”

“Maybe he has a girlfriend. It’s been four months and he doesn’t even seem remotely interested. I’ve never met a man I couldn’t get within the first five minutes.”

Natalia turned her chair to face the full length mirror she had installed in the office. She stood, not caring who was watching, and examined herself in the mirror.

She was confident her flat tummy tucked stomach, saline implanted breasts, and perfectly round derriere, which she credited to countless hours per week spent at the gym, could attract even the most loyal man whether he was in a committed relationship or not. That’s how she’d caught her husband Terrance.

She studied her fair colored skin and flawless facial features. At twenty-six years old, there were no signs of wrinkles, so there was no need for Botox.

Everyone in the office was accustomed to Natalia’s routine need to check herself out. No one thought it odd that she caressed her body and face in the mirror for no particular reason.

“Natalia, why is this even an issue? What’s wrong with Terrance?”

“Who? Oh.” Natalia pulled her eyes from the mirror. “Nothing’s wrong with him. He’s ok, I guess.”

Jenifer rolled her eyes and shook her head. “Can I ask you something? Why did you even marry the guy if you weren’t ready?”

Natalia shrugged. “He asked.”

“Really? That’s it? No, I thought I was in love? He treated me like a queen? Just…he asked?”

“Pretty much. Plus, my parents cut me off and he offered to take care of me. So who am I to break a wealthy man’s heart?”

“I don’t know why I keep engaging in conversation with you.” Jenifer shook her head as she usually did when she talked with Natalia and then walked off.



It wasn’t unusual for Natalia to hang around the office after hours and help the lawyers tie up loose ends. She enjoyed a little mischief in the office, but she did her job and did it well.

She noticed it was past 8:00 and decided to call it a night. All of the paralegals had left for the day and only a few lawyers were still around. She popped her head inside to say good-night.

“Hey, Natalia,” Michael, one of the partners, called out. “I just got a call and need to go and get a client out of jail. Can you stay here and help Bryan out with this brief and close up?”

This must be my lucky night. When a partner asked you to do something, they weren’t expecting an answer, but an action. “Yeah, sure. I don’t mind.”



Bryan didn’t want to work with Natalia, especially when no one else was in the office. Of course, he couldn’t tell the partners this. It would make him look weak. He often struggled not to stare, but the way she dressed made it difficult for him to concentrate. As annoying as she was at times, she looked good, really good.

When she purposely leaned in towards him exposing her very well endowed bosom, or accidentally passed by him in tight spaces rubbing her body against his, it was impossible to ignore. So far he’d been able to control his desires, but it was definitely becoming more and more difficult.

Natalia looked up at Bryan who was trying to keep it strictly professional. He kept his eyes glued to the computer screen. She knew he was trying hard to ignore her.

“Will you get me the files for the MacArthur case?”

“Are you talking to me?” Natalia replied.

Bryan looked around. “There are only two of us here, so yes.” He said sarcastically.

“Well,” Natalia turned her chair to face him. She crossed her leg, allowing her already too short dress to ease up her thigh. “I think it’s kind of rude to give orders to someone without either addressing them or at least looking up.” She noticed his eyes resting on her thigh and subtly raised it up higher. Bryan quickly turned his head.

“I apologize, Ms. Philips. Now, could you please get the file I asked for?”

She went into the file room and retrieved the file. She walked over to where he sat, bending over close enough to give him a view of her cleavage.

He glanced quickly and then looked away. “Thank you, Ms. Philips.”

“Ms. Philips?” she asked smiling. “Why so formal? Natalia is fine.” She moved in closer. Her body only inches away from the side of his face. “Do I make you nervous, Mr. Hunter?”

Bryan closed his eyes and let out a frustrated sigh. “Look, Natalia. I’m flattered, but I’m really not interested. What I would like to do is finish this up so I can get home.”

Bryan’s tone didn’t faze Natalia in the least. She could look at him and tell he was affected by her.

Without another word, she turned and went back to her chair. She grabbed some Kleenex and pretended to wipe her eyes while sniffling. Bryan’s kept his eyes on her. She took it up a notch and pretended to blow her nose. “Excuse me.” She stood to leave.

“Natalia, wait.” Bryan said. Natalia’s personality was too strong for his taste, but he didn’t want to see her cry. “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to be so rude to you. I guess I’m just a little tired.”

She turned to him. “I’m sorry if I came on too strong. I’m not always very good at small talk. I have a hard time making friends and I really didn’t know how to get your attention. I’m sure you’ve heard what people say about me. But the truth is I want to be liked just like everyone else. Is that so much to ask?”

Bryan wasn’t sure if she was running game on him or if she was really being sincere. After months of her flirting and accidentally rubbing up against him, the way she smelled, and the way she looked in that short, fitted red dress was probably clouding his judgement.

At that point, he didn’t care if she was for real or not. She was so appealing standing there looking sweet and vulnerable. He stood and walked closer to her. “No, it’s not too much to ask.” He put his hands on each side of her waist and pulled her close. She pressed her body against his, reached up wrapping her arms around his neck and connected her lips with his.



After locking up the building and walking Natalia to her car, Bryan sat in his car angry at himself for going there with her. He couldn’t see a future with her and he was never one to string a woman along. Why couldn’t he make it through the night without being able to control himself?

He decided he couldn’t be alone with Natalia again. He said a prayer of repentance and drove home.





 4

Ashlee stood during worship with her eyes closed, her hands lifted as the praise team ministered in song. She allowed the words to minister to her spirit. She sang along to Tasha Cobb’s song:

You provide the fire, I’ll provide the sacrifice

You provide the spirit, and I will open up inside

Fill me up God, Fill me up God, Fill me up



Tears streamed down her face as she became lost in His presence. She didn’t care who was around or how crazy she looked. She was happy to finally be free. Free from Jamal and free in Christ.

Her neighbor Ms. Esther had become like a mother to her, guiding her walk with the Lord and helping her understand the Bible. Ashlee was growing spiritually. This was the happiest she’d ever been. For the first time in a long time, she didn’t feel ashamed of herself or her three-year-old son and six-month old little girl.



For the past three months, Bryan had found it difficult to really press into God’s presence. He couldn’t let go of the guilt from the affair he had going on with Natalia. Each time they were together, he hated himself for giving in. She was so persistent and aggressive.

He opened his eyes and looked around at all the others who seemed to be lost in worship. He figured he must have been the only sinner in the house that Sunday. Either that or they’ve mastered the art of faking it. He looked to his left. His eyes beheld the most beautiful woman he’d ever seen. He watched as she worshiped God with everything that was within her.

For the first time in his adult life, he wasn’t attracted to a woman’s body. It wasn’t like he could see any of it anyway. He smiled as he watched her. She wore a blue jean skirt that stopped at her ankle and didn’t even come close to touching her body. It looked like something that came from his mother’s closet. The shirt she wore was long sleeved and buttoned to her neck.

The only make up she wore was soft pink lip gloss. He knew he had a long way to go before he was delivered because the only thing he could think about in the middle of worship was kissing the gloss right off her lips.

He had seen her with Mother Johnson, his mom’s best friend and was pretty sure she had children. He overheard Mother Johnson and his mother mention she had finally kicked her boyfriend out, so he knew she wasn’t married.

Bryan didn’t particularly like the idea of a ready-made family, but there was something so beautiful about the lady that stood only one aisle over from him. He had to get to know her.



As soon as the pastor gave the benediction, Bryan hurried over to where Ashlee stood. “It’s Ashlee, right?”

Ashlee looked up and smiled. “Yes, I’m Ashlee.”

“My name is―”

“Bryan, right?” She interrupted.

He smiled. She knows who I am.

“I’ve seen pictures at Mother Hunter’s house and she talks about you a lot.” She explained.

My mother, of course. At a loss for words, Bryan stood watching Ashlee.

Ashlee looked down at herself and started to feel self-conscious. She turned to leave. “It was nice meeting you.”

Bryan saw she started to walk off. He walked up beside her. “Can we get together for coffee sometime?”

Without looking his way, she replied, “Thank you, but no. I don’t drink coffee.”

“Okay then. How about lunch?”

“I work almost every day and I usually bring my lunch and eat at work.” She replied honestly.

“Okay, that’s cool. How about dinner?” He knew he probably seemed eager, but he really didn’t care.

Ashlee finally stopped walking and turned to him. “I really appreciate your kindness. But, because of my work schedule, I hardly get a chance to see my children. So when I’m not working, we eat dinner together at home. Just the three of us.”

With that, she walked away leaving Bryan with a bruised ego and his interest piqued.





 5

Bryan thought of Ashlee for the rest of the day. He drove to work the next morning with her on his mind. He had never met a woman who turned him down without a thought. Women usually threw themselves at him.

The only thing he had to do was flash a smile. If they didn’t fall in love with his dimples, his hazel eyes usually did the trick. She didn’t even care that he was a lawyer and most women loved that. Ashlee was like a breath of fresh air.

After she made him promise not to show up or call her at work, he’d finally convinced his mother to tell him where Ashlee worked. He called the florist that morning and set up a bouquet of roses to be delivered to her every day for the next two weeks. He smiled at the thought. His smile faded when he looked up and saw Natalia.

He knew if he wanted a woman like Ashlee, and he did, he had to be completely changed. He’d broken it off with her last week, but she didn’t take him seriously. He decided it was definitely over between them.



Bryan looked up as he heard a tall, somewhat nerdy looking guy ask Mara, the receptionist, if Natalia Philips was in. He turned towards Kevin who had become a good friend of his. “Hey, man. Do you know who that guy is? He’s asking for Natalia.”

Kevin looked up. “No, I’ve never seen him before.”

Mara buzzed Natalia. “Natalia, your husband is here to see you.”

Bryan’s head snapped up. Husband? He looked up to see a panic stricken Natalia come around the corner to greet her husband. She didn’t look very happy to see him. She ran in, grabbed his arm, and escorted him out as quickly as he had come inside.

Bryan went back into his office. He couldn’t believe she was married. It would be different if the affair causally happened, but Natalia purposely flirted with him every chance she had and didn’t object or seem remorseful during their fling. He picked up the phone. “Natalia, can I see you in my office please?”

Natalia walked in slowly. “You wanted to see me?”

Bryan didn’t crack a smile. He was fuming. Not only was he a fornicator, now he was an adulterer. But, he was happy to have a good reason to end the whole thing. “You’re married? And you didn’t think that was important for me to know? What if your husband found out?”

Natalia waved her hand towards him and shook her head. “It’s no big deal. We barely even have sex. I’m not in love with him or anything.”

“Natalia Philips, you have some nerve. I can’t believe you. You act as if I should be fine with you being married, like marriage doesn’t mean anything to you. That’s not cool with me. I’ve never been into married women. I don’t need that kind of drama. Now, get out of my office and don’t come back unless its work related.”

She walked up closer to him and rubbed her hand down his chest. “Baby, you don’t mean that. I’ll leave him if you want. I want to be with you.”

He pushed her hands away from him. “There’s no need. We’re done. I’ve moved on. Now, if you would, please leave so I can get some work done.”

He sat at his desk and started working as if she wasn’t still standing there. She kept staring, hoping to draw his attention. Bryan refused to engage her. Exasperated, she huffed, then turned and left his office.





 6

“Ooooooh, girl! Somebody is working hard to get your attention.” Monica said as she noticed a new bouquet of flowers sitting in the break room. “This is the tenth day in a row the man has sent you flowers. I’m jealous.”

“Mon, please.” Ashlee pulled her friend to the side in an attempt to stop her from drawing more attention to herself. There were four other CNA’s sitting around chatting. “Can you stop talking so loud?”

Monica looked over Ashlee’s shoulder clearly ignoring her plea. “He sent lunch too, girl! Is it the lawyer from church? Oooooh, it has a note. What does it say?”

Everyone in the break room looked on. Ashlee turned her back to them as she read the note. She tried to hide her smile.

“You like him don’t you?” Monica teased.

“Oh my goodness, Mon, please. This is so embarrassing.”

“Girl, please. Ain’t nobody else gettin' no kind of attention. Give us somethin’ to talk about.”

Ashlee sighed. “Fine. It’s just his phone number. He says since I won’t have a meal with him, will I at least call and let him know if I’ve received the flowers. That’s all.” Ashlee tried with all of her might to downplay her emotions. Truthfully, Bryan was the first person to ever show her this much attention and she’d never received flowers from anybody.

“If that’s all, then why are you over there with that Kool-Aid smile?” Tamia, one of the CNA’s, said.

Ashlee playfully rolled her eyes and headed towards the door. “Oooh, y’all are so nosy.”

Monica ran and caught up to her friend. “What’s goin’ on, girl? You know we have to tease you. Why won’t you talk to the guy?”

Ashlee stopped walking and leaned against the wall. “I don’t know. He seems nice enough, but I’m at a really good place right now. I’m getting closer with God. My children are doing well. And, I’m just now learning to really know myself. Besides, with as much time as I spend at this nursing home, I don’t have time to try and start a new relationship.”

“Well,” Monica said with a mischievous grin. “If you hook up with the lawyer, you won’t have to spend so much time at this place. You said he goes to church right? So y’all can grow in God together.”

Ashlee thought about Bryan often since he approached her two weeks ago. She had a hard time trusting men. She could recall two things her father did for her. He taught her to drive and gave her a few hundred dollars when she first moved out.

She couldn’t rely on her dad to be there for her when she needed him. She sure couldn’t depend on her children’s father. As far as she was concerned, she didn’t need a man in her life. She would do just fine with Jesus, herself, and her children. Plus, she didn’t exactly trust his motives.

Mama Esther had told her she wasn’t sure if he was fully delivered yet, and she really valued her opinion.

“I don’t know.” Ashlee looked down at her feet. “Look at me. Why would he want to give somebody like me a second look? All of my clothes are second hand or over two years old. I’m a nursing assistant with two children. What do I have to offer a lawyer? I’d be stupid to think there was a real future there.”

“First of all,” Monica said, “you’re over thinking this. He just wants a date. And two,” she grabbed Ashlee by the arm and pulled her into the bathroom, turning her towards the mirror, “look at you. You are freaking flawless. You have this amazing milk chocolate skin. You eat like a horse and can still wear a size two and that’s after having two babies. You’re a CNA, yes. It’s your job. Something you’re doing to survive. It’s not who you are. You’re one of the smartest people I’ve ever met. You can do anything you set your mind to. And two…wait,” She counted her fingers. “One, two, yeah three, judging by the way he’s going out of his way to get your attention, I would say he sees what we all see.”

Monica stopped and watched Ashlee’s expression. She was taking in everything Monica said.

“So what are you going to do? You should at least call the man and tell him thank you. I mean he did send you a dozen flowers every day for the past two weeks.”

Ashlee thought for a while. “I guess it’s kind of rude not to. I might call him tonight after I get the kids settled.”

“Good.”





 7

“Hey, Mama. How are you?” Bryan asked as he walked into his mother’s kitchen.

“I’m blessed, highly favored, and greatly beloved.” Bethel Hunter gave her son the side eye. “And I’m also smart enough to know you didn’t drive way down here to see how I am. Now, what is it you want?”

Bryan smiled. “I’m hurt.”

“Boy, please. Gon’ over there and grab that bag of peas and put it on the table while I go and take care of something.”

Bryan watched his mom scurry out of the room as if she was up to something. Bethel was actually right when she said she knew he wanted something. Why else would he drive thirty minutes into the country on a Saturday afternoon? He usually saved his visits for Sunday. He really came out there to fish for information about Ashlee.

He’d found out that on her days off Ashlee, her children, and Mother Johnson often spent the day at his parents’ home.

He was hoping today was one of those days. He also wanted to know if Ashlee had been asking about him. He shook his head at the thought of running to his mother for information about a girl. He felt like a shy schoolboy with a crush.

“Where’s Dad?” Bryan yelled out to his mom who was in her bedroom with the door shut.

“Out back.” She yelled.



After talking with his dad for almost an hour, Bryan went in to say goodbye to his mom. When he walked inside, she had company. “Hi, Mother Johnson. It’s good to see you.” He gave her a hug and turned to his mom. “I’ll see you in the morning at church.”

Mother Johnson patted Bryan’s back. “Now, where are you running off to? I just got here. No need to rush off. Have a seat. We need to talk wit’ you about something. I hear you’re looking at Ashlee.”

Bryan raised an eyebrow. I knew it. She must have gone to her bedroom and called Mother Johnson to come over here. He decided to play with them a bit. “Ashlee who?”

“Alright, don’t you start lying. You know who and what I’m talking about. She told me about the flowers. Now look a here, that girl has been through enough in her little life. She don’t need you coming around if you not serious. She’s a good girl. Sure, she’s made some mistakes. But, she done got saved and she’s doing fine.”

Bryan had a lot of respect for his mom and Mother Johnson. He didn’t say anything. He sat back and listened. “Now, Ashlee has become like a daughter to me, and to your mama here. You just make sure before you start trying to court her that you got marriage on your brain and not something else. You hear?”

“Yes ma’am. I hear you.”

During the drive back home, Bryan thought back to the conversation he’d had with his mom and Mother Johnson. If Mother Johnson knew about the flowers that meant Ashlee had thought about him enough to mention it. He still hadn’t heard from her, but at least he was on her mind so that gave him a little hope.

 8

Bryan’s black Camry was the first car in the parking lot that Sunday. He was determined to get there early and catch Ashlee before service began. Before he left his mom’s the night before, he caught a glimpse of the nursery schedule and learned this was Ashlee’s Sunday to assist. He knew this would be his only chance to see her.

After sitting in the lot for twenty minutes, Mother Johnson drove up in her gray Crown Victoria with Ashlee and her children. He jumped out, walked up to the car, and greeted them. He opened the door for Mother Johnson and helped her out. He then proceeded to the other side to open the door for Ashlee.

Mother Johnson grabbed Jade from her car seat and motioned for Jordan. “Come on, baby.” She looked towards Ashlee. “I’ll take them on inside and sit with them in the nursery until you get in there.”

“Oh, it’s okay. You don’t have to―”

“It’s fine, honey.” Mama Esther interrupted. “Go on and talk to Bryan. She handed Ashlee her car keys. “Be sure to lock the car ‘fore you come in and don’t stay out here too long.” The last part was for Bryan. She gave him a serious look as if to say remember our talk.

Ashlee stepped out of the car in a red fitted pencil skirt and black blouse with three inch black pumps Monica had talked her into wearing. She didn’t have anything really nice and modern, so she’d borrowed it from her.

She’d finally admitted to Monica she was attracted to Bryan, but was embarrassed for him to see her in clothes she’d gotten from Goodwill so Monica helped her put the outfit together and made her practice walking in heels.

She’d practiced the entire weekend. She didn’t like wearing makeup other than lip gloss, but she let Monica talk her into wearing eyeliner and mascara. She hoped it wasn’t obvious that she’d dressed up. At the same time, she hoped he’d take notice.

She felt awkward being left alone with him. She fumbled with Mama Esther’s keys and looked off to the side away from him.

Bryan broke the silence, feeling nervous all of a sudden. “You look beautiful, Ashlee.”

She looked up at him for a brief second, noticing how good he looked in his light brown sports jacket and baby blue dress shirt. The color combination made his eyes sparkle. She looked back down. “Thank you. Oh, and thank you for the flowers. That was really nice of you. For the lunch too. How did you know I loved Panera’s broccoli and cheddar soup?”

He watched her fidget with the car keys and took note that she wouldn’t make eye contact with him. She’s really shy. He smiled. “Lucky guess.”

Ashlee glanced around. The parking lot had started to fill up and she didn’t want anyone to get the wrong idea. “I’d better get inside. I’m sure Mama Esther would like to get to her seat. The nursery fills up fast so―”

“Wait,” Bryan interrupted. “Can I at least call you some time?”

She hesitated. “I don’t have a cell phone and I’m not home much.”

“Well, let me take you out for lunch today after church?”

Ashlee didn’t say anything for a while. She looked around, contemplating his offer. She met his gaze. “Why?”

Bryan wasn’t expecting that. “Why what? Why do I want to take you out?”

“Yes. You’re a lawyer, right?”

“Yes.”

“I mean look at you. You’re good looking―”

Bryan’s smile widened. “You think I’m good looking?”

Ashlee blushed. “What I mean is, I’m sure you have a lot of options. You can have any woman you want. I’m a nursing assistant with two children living on a low budget income. What would we talk about?”

Bryan was baffled. He couldn’t believe she thought so little of herself. Doesn’t she know how special she is? She’s beautiful. How do I tell her she’s all I’ve thought about for two weeks? “Ashlee, you’re gorgeous. What you do for a living doesn’t define you. It’s just what you do. I would feel privileged to have the chance get to know you. It’s obvious you love God and that’s very attractive to me. Knowing how hard you work to make a life for you and your kids makes me respect you. In my mind, I think you’re perfect. I’d like a chance to see if that’s true.”

Ashlee choked back tears. She’d never had a guy say anything so nice and sincere to her before. “Okay, we can do lunch but not just us. I would feel better if we were with other people.”

“Whatever you want,” he replied. “I always have Sunday dinner at my mom’s. Would you like to join us today? I could invite Mother Johnson as well.”

“That sounds good. So, I’ll see you then.” She hurried inside without looking back.





 9

Ashlee had kept herself occupied in the kitchen with Mama Esther and Mother Hunter, in an attempt to avoid being along with Bryan. With the exception of corn bread and yams, Mother Hunter had prepared everything the night before. She’d told Ashlee she didn’t need any help, but Ashlee insisted on doing something, anything to give her an excuse to stay in the kitchen.

Ashlee filled a bowl with sweet potatoes and sat at the kitchen table and started to peel them when Bryan walked in with Jordan on his neck and Jade strapped to his chest in a baby carrier. “Do you mind if I take them out into the backyard to play for a while”? Bryan asked Ashlee.

She met his intense gaze and then looked back down into the bowl. She shook her head slightly. “No I don’t mind.”

She looked up when he turned to leave, keeping her eyes on him until he was no longer in sight. Finally pulling her gaze from Bryan’s direction, she saw Mama Esther and Mother Hunter watching her. Mother Hunter with a smile and Mama Esther with a raised brow.

Embarrassed, she continued peeling potatoes not bothering to say anything.

After grabbing a few potatoes, the two women sat at the table on each side of Ashlee. “When was the last time you heard from Jamal”? Mother Hunter asked.

“I haven’t seen or heard from him since Jade was a week old and I have no intention of finding him.”

“So you’re over him? Ready to move on”?

Ashlee didn’t respond. She locked eyes with Mother Hunter. She wondered why she was suddenly curious about Jamal.

“I’ve never seen my son this smitten before. I can tell he really likes you and it looks like he’s taken a liking to the kids too.”

Ashlee stood and walked to the window that had a clear view of the backyard. He lowered the basketball goal and was playing with Jordan while Jade kicked and laughed from being bounced around in the carrier. “Looks like the feeling is mutual”. She turned and leaned onto the counter.

“I know it’s hard to trust someone when you’ve been let down so many times before. I’m not here to tell you to date my son, though I would love it if you became a part of our family. But don’t be afraid to let someone in. I see the way you look at him. There’s nothing wrong with getting to know each other.”

Ashlee watched Mama Esther who had been quiet most of the afternoon. She wondered what her thoughts were. Feeling Ashlee’s gaze, she covered the pot of potatoes she’d just put on the stove, and turned to face her. “It doesn’t matter what I think”, she said predicting Ashlee’s thoughts. “I don’t see anything wrong with you and Bryan seeing each other from time to time. He’s turned out to be a fine young man, known him since he was a baby. He’s not Jamal and he’s not your father.” She smiled. “Pray about it and see where God leads you.”



Ashlee sat back and smiled watching Bryan sit Jade into her portable high chair after getting Jordan settled with his food. He’d told her to sit and enjoy her dinner while he took care of the kids. She’d never met any man who was so attentive to her and her children.

She could barely eat because she couldn’t take her eyes off him. She looked up to see a smiling Mother Hunter who seemed a bit too happy to see her so mesmerized by her son.



Once dinner was finished, and Bryan changed into a different shirt. One that didn’t have sweet potatoes on it from Jade, who kept spitting it on him from laughing so much; Bryan was finally able to pull Ashlee away from his mom and Mother Johnson.

They sat on the porch’s swing and talked for hours. She surprised herself at how much she’d opened up to him. He was attentive and very understanding. She’d told him about being a teen mother and how her parents had kicked her out to make it on her own. She told him how Mother Johnson had stepped in and took care of the kids when their father stopped showing up.

“I know it seems like Mama Esther is all in my business and that I look to her for answers a lot.” She said to him. “But since meeting her, I finally feel like I have a mother in my life. I know it’s crazy that a grown woman with children feels this way, but there’s so much that I missed growing up. I often felt as if my own parents didn’t want me around, and my getting pregnant was the excuse they were looking for to get rid of me.” Her eyes welled with tears. “It’s been over three years and I’ve only spoken to my mom once and that’s only because I called her. Even then she rushed to get off.” She sighed. “The messed up part is my younger sister, Aja is pregnant but there’s no talk of putting her out. She wasn’t forced to drop out of school. My sister Tracy told me our mom is quitting her job to help with her child. Sometimes I wonder why I wasn’t good enough.”

Bryan didn’t say much. She needed to get this out and he was glad she was comfortable enough with him to share her private thoughts.

“What about your dad? How’s your relationship with him?”

Ashlee sighed. “When he was around, he’d treated me better than my mom did, but he wasn’t there much. When I first moved out, he gave me some money and called a few times, but after a few months, the calls stopped coming. He was there when I’d given birth to Jade, but that was that last I’ve seen or heard from him.”

Bryan was fuming. He felt an overwhelming urge to protect her, show her that she is good enough.

He’d asked her about her ex. She didn’t seem fazed about him at all. She’d accepted that he wasn’t a part of her life. She made it very clear that two things she could not and would not deal with was a man who lied to her and a man who didn’t acknowledge or take care of his children. After what Jamal put her through, that was understandable.





 10

Bryan went into work the next day floating on clouds from the time he’d spent with Ashlee. He struggled to focus on work because Ashlee was all he wanted to think about.

When the evening had drawn to a close, he wasn’t ready to say good-bye. Bryan offered to take Ashlee and her kids home, but Mother Johnson was not having it. “She can get home the same way she got here. Besides, it’s getting late and y’all don’t have no business being inside of a car alone after dark.”

“But, we won’t be alone, Mother Johnson. We’ll have the kids with us.” Bryan reasoned.

“Kids asleep in the backseat is the same as being alone. When y’all get married, you can take her wherever you want whenever you want. Now say good night.”

“Dude, what’s on your mind?” Kevin snapped his fingers to get Bryan’s attention.

“Hey, man, when did you get here?”

“Who’s got your mind tied up?”

Bryan looked up and smiled. “I think I’m in love, man.”

“Why?” Kevin said with a frown. “You’re what? Twenty-four? Why would you want to fall in love? I’m not falling until I’m at least thirty-five.” He walked further in to Bryan’s office and shut the door behind him. “Dude, it’s a good thing you and Natalia didn’t hook up. I hear she’s about three months pregnant.”

Bryan’s smile faded. He turned to his friend. “What?”

“Yeah, man. You dodged a huge bullet.”

If Bryan thought he couldn’t concentrate before, he definitely couldn’t now. He thought back to his last conversation with Natalia. “It’s no big deal. We barely even have sex. I’m not in love with him.”

Bryan needed some air. He stood up, left Kevin standing in his office and went outside. He and Natalia’s affair started almost four months ago and lasted for three months. He always managed to be careful, with the exception of the one-time she’d surprised him in the garage by sneaking up and pulling him into his car. If she’s three months, I could easily be the father.

He gave his head three hits with the palm of his hand. “Stupid. Stupid. Stupid. How could you have been so stupid?” He could barely stand the thought of looking at her and now they could possibly be sharing a child. Worrying about it wouldn’t do him any good. He sent her a text asking her to come outside and talk to him.

“How are you feeling?” He asked as she stepped into the garage.

Confused, she replied, “I’m fine. Why?”

“Are you pregnant?”

“What? Why would you ask me that? Who told you that?” She looked down at her stomach. “Do I look fat or something?”

“No, you don’t look fat. I just heard… Is it true?”

She turned to walk off. “Don’t worry, Bryan. Your perfect little world will not be disturbed. The baby isn’t yours. It’s my husband’s.”

 11

“Ahhhhh,” Ashlee tried to stifle a yawn.

“Dang, girl. What kept you up all night? Or should I say who kept you up all night?” Monica asked after Ashlee yawned loudly for the third time.

“It wasn’t that, trust me,” she said. “If there’s ever a who that keeps me up at night, it would be one of my babies, Jordan or Jade Richards, and thankfully they’re sleep trained.”

But, someone had kept her awake all night and that someone was Bryan Hunter. Her jaws hurt from smiling so much. She stayed up all night thinking about their conversation. She couldn’t believe she had told him her entire life story in a few hours. She hoped she didn’t turn him off by talking too much, though he seemed interested enough.

Bryan told her how proud he was of her and how much he admired a hard working woman. He was nothing like Jamal. The only thing Jamal cared about was how good she’d looked.

Bryan was completely different. He liked her because of her love for God, the way she took care of her children, and how she was able to make a life for herself without the help of her parents.

She hated to admit it, but she was in love already.

“Hello,” Monica sang while snapping her fingers to get Ashlee’s attention.

Ashlee blinked. “What?”

“Ooooooh, somebody’s in love.”

“I am not in love.” She tried as hard as she could to pull back her smile, but she couldn’t. “Okay, maybe I’m a little bit in love. Oh my goodness, Mon. He’s perfect. We spent the entire afternoon together at his mom’s house.”

Monica turned her nose up. “His mom’s house? Is that how church folks do it? Y’all gotta have a chaperone?”

“Chaperone’s will keep you out of a lot of trouble. Besides, I love his mom. She’s like a second mother to me.”

“Wait, I thought Ms. Esther was like a second mom.”

Ashlee shook her head. “No, Ms. Esther is the first mom, because the one that birthed me doesn’t exist as far as I’m concerned.”

“Well, I’m glad you had fun. I want all the details at lunch, not that it’s going to be anything juicy since you were with his mom and all.”





 12

Bryan and Ashlee talked on the phone every night and every morning for the past six months. Most nights after she’d fed Jordan and Jade and put them to bed, she stayed up and talked with Bryan for hours. She didn’t even need to set an alarm anymore because he gave her a wake-up call every morning at 4:45 since she had to be at work by 6:00.

They usually spent their Sundays at his mom’s for dinner. And, on her off days, they often had lunch together. There was no doubt in his mind he wanted Ashlee to be his wife. The only problem was trying to figure out a romantic way to propose, which required them to go out at night.

He didn’t think Ashlee would have a problem with it, but since Mother Johnson was the only person she really trusted to keep her children, he knew it wasn’t going to happen because she was adamant about the daytime hours’ rule.

He thought if he gave Mother Johnson a call and explained what he was trying to do she’d be quicker to participate, and he was right. When he’d called and asked if she would babysit and explained it was because he wanted to ask Ashlee to marry him, she’d said in a monotone voice, “Well, it’s about time. I wondered how long it would take for you to know you wanted to marry somebody.” Mother Johnson did not hold back her thoughts at all.



“Make sure you don’t forget Jade’s blankie. The last time she didn’t have it, it took forever to get her asleep.” Mother Johnson said as she helped Ashlee pack the kids’ overnight bag.

“Are you sure you don’t mind keeping them tonight? You have them all day every day. I don’t have to go. We can do it another time.”

Mama Esther gave Ashlee a warm smile and embraced her. “It’s fine. You go on and have fun. Remember what I said about lingering around in the car or on the porch. When the date is over, go in the house.”

Ashlee smiled. Mama Esther had a strong opinion on dating and she wanted to make sure Ashlee didn’t have any more children until she was married and able to handle it. Ashlee appreciated having someone in her corner that cared enough to be in her business. Her parents gave orders, but never spent time explaining anything. She certainly never got any affection from them.

Mother Johnson moved the curtain back. “There’s your friend coming up. Go on and get dressed. Make sure you stop by before you go so I can get a picture.”



“Dang, Mon.” Ashlee said as she watched Monica pull out an arm full of clothes still on hangers from her trunk. “Did you bring your entire closet?”

“Nah, only the good stuff.” Monica was only a year older than Ashlee but she lived at home with her dad, so she didn’t have to pay any bills. She was allowed to spend all of her money on whatever she wanted. An aspiring nursing student, she was working on her Bachelors of Science in Nursing at Hampton University. She dumped everything on Ashlee’s bed. “Okay, do you have an idea about what you want to wear?”

Ashlee looked around. She really didn’t have much fashion sense. She knew what she liked once she saw it on and her favorite color was purple. “I know I want to wear a dress and some heels. Just find something cute and I’ll try it.”

Monica did a quick scan of the clothes strewn across the couch. She picked up a dress. “What about this one?”

Ashlee held it up and frowned. “Where’s the rest of it?” It was a strapless black bodycon dress that only came down far enough to cover her cheeks. “There’s nothing there. Have you actually worn that?”

“Girl, yeah. It’s my favorite dress to go clubbing in.” Monica did a Beyoncé move.

“Like how? It doesn’t hide anything. With all that donk you’re carrying around, I know you’ve got to be flashing everyone in the room without even bending over.”

“Oh yeah, I forgot you’re into the whole I need to look modest style.”

“Yeah, I want to look modest,” Ashlee turned towards the mirror, “but still sexy. Like, I want him to take notice. But I want all of my good parts covered, you know. And, I don’t want to be uncomfortable, trying to pull stuff down all night. I’m already nervous. We’ve been dating for months, but it feels like it’s our first date.”

“Well, it kind of is. I mean you usually either have the kids with you or an old lady.”

“I guess you’re right.” Ashlee browsed through the clothes. “Do you have anything purple?”

Monica started moving clothes around. A few garments fell on the floor. “What about this one? Wait. Don’t look at it, just try it on. But first, let’s get your jewelry and makeup on so you can get the full Monica Jacobs fashion experience.”

Ashlee walked out of the bathroom and faced the full length mirror Monica had set up. She couldn’t stop staring. She was amazed at how beautiful she looked.

She wore a simple, dark purple spaghetti strapped dress that had a sweetheart neckline. It was fitted down to the waist, then loosened up and flowed past her hips ending about three inches above her knee. She wore silver studs, four-inch silver stiletto sandals, and a silver tennis bracelet Bryan had delivered to her house. She ditched her normal ponytail and allowed her natural curls to flow slightly past her shoulders.

“Wow. I look amazing.” She turned her five foot four, size two frame to get a side view. “Ooooh. Look, Mon. I got a booty.”

Monica frowned, “Barely.”

“Whatever.” She replied, still staring at herself.

Monica went into her bag. “Here. I got something for you.”

“What’s this?” Ashlee pulled a bottle of Juicy Couture perfume out of the gift bag and sprayed it on herself. “Mmmmmm, this smells wonderful.” She gave her friend a hug. “I love you so much. Thank you for this. For all of it.” Ashlee sniffed her wrist. She’d never had any perfume that expensive.

“Don’t mention it, chica. Look, he should be here soon so I’m gonna go. Call me when you get back. I’ll grab some ice cream and come over so we can dish.”

 13

“Oh, Bryan.” Ashlee took a deep breath and did a double take of her surroundings. He’d gone all out for the evening. She’d never seen anything so beautiful.

“Who rents a private yacht? I can’t believe you did all of this for me. And, here I am crying like a baby. I’m so embarrassed.”

“I’m glad you’re pleased.” Bryan gently wiped her tears with his hand. “I realize you’re a private person and don’t like a lot of people making a fuss over you. So, tonight is all about us. Just the two of us. There is no one else onboard this ship except the chefs, our waiters, our musical entertainment and you and me.”

The jazz band played soft romantic music. The lights inside the ship’s cabin were dim. White candles, strategically placed around the interior, created intimate ambiance. An elegant fleur-de-lis pattern adorned the gold rimmed chinaware that sat atop a white tablecloth at a table for two set up on the outside deck. Crystal goblets and gold plated stemware completed the table setting. A night sky filled with stars provided the evening’s light. Everything was perfect.

The waiters approached their table as soon as they were seated. One held a tray with a variety of fruit. The other, two wine bottles. She looked at Bryan and whispered, “I’m not twenty-one yet.”

He smiled. “I know, sweetheart. It’s non-alcoholic. Would you like to dance?”

Bryan took her hand and led her to the dance floor. He placed her hands on his shoulders and gently grabbed her on each side of her waist. She wondered if he could tell she felt awkward. This was her first time slow dancing with a man. She’d missed all of the high school dances because she was pregnant and her boyfriend was out of school.

“Just relax,” Bryan said softly.

Darn it. He can tell.

He pulled her closer and whispered in her ear. “I love you, Ashlee.”

She inhaled the night air and held it.

“Exhale, sweetheart.”

She let out the breath she was holding.

This was his first time telling her he loved her.

“I love you too, Bryan.”

Ashlee closed her eyes and reveled in the moment. They stayed in each other’s arms through three songs, swaying ever so lightly to the music. She would be satisfied staying in his arms forever.

He whispered in her ear, “You smell heavenly.”

She caught a chill from the feel of his facial hair rubbing against her neck. She knew if they continued like this, she would be in trouble.

She took a step back to create some distance between them. She was about to suggest they take a break, but she looked into his eyes and got lost. Ashlee took two steps closer, put her arms around his neck, and pulled him down for a kiss. Bryan pulled her closer and deepened the kiss. A moan escaped from her mouth.

Too far. Pull back, Ashlee. She ignored the voice. She felt Bryan’s hands move from her waist to her mid back. She loved the feel of his strong masculine hands caressing her. His hands slowly started to move down. They went lower, lower. She pulled back before he reached the danger zone.

“I’m sorry,” Bryan laughed uncomfortably. “Now, I understand what Mother Johnson meant when she said it’s not a good idea to be alone when the sun goes down and how kissing leads to other things. I didn’t mean to lose control. The last thing I want is to disrespect you.”

Ashlee couldn’t hold Bryan’s gaze. She looked at the water, wiped the corner of her lip with her thumb and nodded her head.

“Let’s go back to our table.” Bryan suggested softly.

As soon as they sat, the two waiters rolled out two large serving carts. They pulled back the lids. Her eyes lit up when she saw shrimp tempura rolls, Philadelphia rolls, baked salmon rolls, and mango rolls. These were all of her favorite sushi dishes.

There were also others she’d never tried, but she planned to sample them all. She looked at Bryan who was pleased with her expression. He wasn’t a sushi fan, so he’d had the chef prepare him grilled salmon, with seasoned rice and vegetables.

“What did I do to deserve you?” Ashlee asked with a smile.

“You’re the prize, sweetheart. And, don’t you forget it.”

She chewed her bottom lip and dropped her head.

“What are you embarrassed about?”

Ashlee looked up. “Why do you think I’m embarrassed?”

“Because I know you. I know when you chew your bottom lip and look down, you’re either self-conscious or embarrassed by something.”

She shook her head. This man was unbelievable. He paid attention to everything about her.

Ashlee looked down into her plate while moving her fork around. “I just feel… I um…”

“What is it, sweetheart?”

She smiled. “I love it when you call me that.” Why do I keep blurting stuff out? “I just don’t want you to think bad of me for, you know, kissing you like I did. I don’t know what came over me. I couldn’t help myself.”

Bryan leaned in. He rested his elbow on the table with his chin inside of his palm and watched her intently. He smiled. “You are so adorable.”

She frowned. “Adorable?”

“Very much so. And I could never think badly of you about anything. I’ve told you as far as I’m concerned, you’re perfect. Everything about you is perfect.”

She blushed.

“I can’t believe you’re still so shy around me.”

Ashlee looked up. “I’m still trying to get used to all of this attention and flattery. Sometimes I feel like I’m out of my element and I’m not always sure how to respond to it.”

Bryan decided to change the subject. “Do you like your job at the nursing home? What are your long term goals?”

Ashlee sighed and sat back. “I used to want to be an artist, but that dream died a while ago. I can’t say nursing is my passion, but I like it enough and I love helping people. I think doing it is a more promising career than art.”

They ate and chatted some more.

“Will you be having dessert?” The waiter asked. Ashlee shook her head.

“No, we’re ready.” Bryan answered.

Ashlee looked up. “We’re leaving?”

“You look disappointed.”

“Maybe a little. I’m really enjoying your company. It’s nice when it’s just the two of us.”

The waiter came back with a bouquet of calla lilies. With her attention held captive by the bouquet of her favorite flowers, Bryan stood and walked unnoticed towards her.

“How do you feel about it being just the two of us forever?”

She looked up from the flowers and found Bryan on his knee beside her.

“I know this may seem sudden, but I’ve never met anyone like you. I want to spend the rest of my life making you happy. Make me the happiest man in the world and be my wife.”

She saw him down on his knee, saw the ring in his hand. She knew he was serious. But, was he sure? Could he really spend his life with someone who was just average?

“Are you sure you want to marry me?”

Bryan frowned. “Yes, I’m sure. That would explain why I’m down here on my knees on this hard floor.” He stood, brought his chair next to her and turned her to face him. “What’s on your mind, sweetheart? Do you not want to marry me?”

“It’s not that. It’s… I don’t think I’ll fit in with your big time lawyer friends and their wives. I don’t want you to wake up one day and wish you had married someone that’s more like you.”

Bryan rubbed the top of his head. He couldn’t understand why Ashlee didn’t see her worth or why she didn’t trust his love for her.

“Listen, I’ve met a lot of women and none of them come close to comparing to you. I don’t want anybody else. The first day I saw you in that big old skirt―”

Ashlee swatted him and smiled.

“I knew you were going to be my wife. That first day we spent at my mom’s for dinner was the day I fell in love with you. I know it sounds crazy and I know it’s sudden. But I promise if you let me, I’ll spend the rest of our lives proving to you how much I love you. Now I’m asking you again, will you marry me?”

Ashlee didn’t question her love for Bryan. She’d marry him in a heartbeat if she thought it would last. She’d been let down by enough men in her life that was supposed to love her and she didn’t want it to happen again. Then again, if she turned him down, she might lose him forever. She loved him and she really believed he loved her too. She was afraid she wouldn’t be enough to keep a man like him, but she decided to give it a go.

“Yes, Bryan. I’ll marry you.”

He placed a platinum 3.07 carat princess cut diamond ring on her finger. She couldn’t take her eyes off of it. “Wow. It’s beautiful.”

When Bryan approached her a little more than six and a half months ago, never in her wildest dreams did she think she would be sitting there with him at that very moment wearing his engagement ring that probably cost more than everything she owned put together.

She turned to him, put her hands on each side of his face, and looked him square in the eyes. “Thank you.”

“Why are you thanking me?”

“For loving me for me.” She pulled him in for a kiss. This time a sweet, innocent, and gentle one.





 14

Bryan didn’t get a chance to stay happy for long. Days after the proposal, he was given a card to sign for Natalia. Some of the paralegals planned to take it, as well as a few gifts collected throughout the firm to the hospital. She had given birth the night before to a baby girl. Bryan wanted to believe the baby was her husband’s, but Natalia was manipulative and conniving. He knew she was not to be trusted. Later that night, he went to see for himself.

He didn’t alert anyone that he was coming. He hoped to get there after everyone from the office had already left so that he didn’t raise any suspicions. He went to the nursery area, leaned back against the wall, and looked in through the window. There were seven babies in there.

He searched for a baby girl with the last name Philips. His eyes finally landed on a beautiful caramel colored little girl who seemed to be looking back at him. She had a dimple in her left cheek. Her hazel eyes connected with his, right before his legs gave out. He slid down the wall until he reached the floor. He sat there with his eyes closed hoping he would soon wake up from this nightmare.

*********

Bryan waited a week before he confronted Natalia. He took a long lunch break and went to her house. He hoped her husband wasn’t there.

“You told me the baby wasn’t mine,” he started as soon as she’d opened the door. “What were you going to do if I hadn’t gone to the hospital, pretend I wasn’t the father? Were you ever going to tell me?”

“No. Because, she’s not yours. She’s mine and Terrance’s, regardless of what the blood work says. Regardless of who she looks like. I’m married to him and he can give us both the life we deserve. He’s a partner at his law firm and he’s who I want to raise my daughter.”

“So you expect me to walk out of here and pretend I don’t have a child?”

“Look, you’re a great guy and I’m sorry I got you into this. But please, trust me. It’s better this way for everyone. You can be free. I can keep my husband, and Breah won’t want for anything.”

“Her name is Breah? What’s her full name?”

“Breah Andrea Philips.”

Bryan’s full name was Bryan Andre’ Hunter. He frowned. “Why did you name her after me if you weren’t going to let me claim her?”

“Because the truth is I love you and I’m glad it’s your blood running through her veins. This way, even though you won’t be in our lives, we’ll still be connected forever. No matter what.”

Bryan didn’t like the thought of that. Even more, he didn’t like the way she looked when she said it. It was almost as if she was happy it turned out this way.

“Look, I won’t interfere with you and your little girlfriend. You don’t have to have any financial responsibility. You can be free.”

“Okay, Natalia,” Bryan said after a long pause. “My fiancée can never find out about this. She despises men who don’t acknowledge and take care of their children.” He regretted sharing that information. Natalia was vindictive. He didn’t want to think about how she might use that information against him later on. The deal was made. He left her home and planned to move forward building a life with Ashlee, Jordan, and Jade.





 15

Bryan decided to add Ashlee to his cell phone plan when she accepted his proposal. He was on his way to see if she was available for lunch. He wanted to surprise her with the new cell. He didn’t like not being able to reach her when he needed to, nor did he like her not being able to call him if she was in trouble.

He wanted to be the person she called when the kids needed something or if she needed a ride somewhere. He hoped she would accept it. She was so determined to make it on her own and not receive handouts, he wasn’t sure how she would react.

During his drive to the nursing home, he thought about his encounter with Natalia. He didn’t trust her for a minute. Judging by the look in her eyes, he was sure she was planning something. A woman like that didn’t let things go. Did I hear her say she loved me? Bryan shook his head. Why did I ever get involved with her? I should have listened to Kevin.

He wondered if he should just tell Ashlee everything. It wasn’t like he was ever with her while they were together and it wasn’t like she didn’t have a past. The difference was, she gave him the details of her past from the start.

Bryan sat in his car for a while after he parked. He closed his eyes and reclined in his seat. He thought about having to see Natalia every day at work. Sure, he was no longer attracted to her but he couldn’t just walk past her without thinking about Breah.

If he told Ashlee, how would she handle knowing he had to work with the mother of his child every day? Would she be comfortable with that? It wasn’t like he could quit his job. He was only going into his second year at the firm. Switching jobs so soon wouldn’t look good. Besides, he loved his job.

He hated the idea of starting his life with Ashlee with a lie. To assuage his guilt, he reasoned she had been through so much already and didn’t need the drama. She deserved this time to be happy. Plus, he didn’t want to risk losing her.

He decided, for now, he would keep this new information to himself and worry about it another time. With that, he got out of his car and went inside.

“Good afternoon,” he said to Trina, the receptionist on duty at Hillside. “I would like to see Ashlee Allen if she’s available please.”

“Hey, Bryan.” Bryan turned to see who greeted him. He didn’t recognize her, but she wore scrubs and a nursing assistant badge.

Monica extended her hand to him. He accepted. “I’m Monica,” she said with a firm handshake. “We haven’t met, but I’m Ashlee’s best friend.”

“She’s mentioned you quite a bit actually. It’s nice to finally meet you. Is she available?”

“She sure is,” Monica replied. “Come on. I’ll show you where she is.”

“How did you know who I was when we’ve never met?” Bryan asked as they walked down the hall.

“The night you proposed, I was there when you picked her up.”

“Why didn’t you say hi?”

Monica smirked. “Ashlee thought I was gone, but I was sitting in my car watching.”

Bryan laughed. “She told me you were um…”

“What, crazy? Just a little bit.” She laughed.

Bryan was used to being gawked at by women. However, he experienced an all new level of discomfort with the way some of the other CNA’s watched him while he and Monica walked down the hall.

Monica noticed his raised eyebrow and frowned. “Ugh. Y’all act like you’ve never seen a man before.” She turned to Bryan, “Don’t pay them any attention. They don’t have lives.”

“Ashlee’s in there with Ms. Flora Mae. She’s the only one that can deal with her. That woman is as mean as a snake. She won’t let anyone come near her except Ash. She’ll wet herself and stay in it all night until Ashlee gets in the next morning. Ashlee loves her though. I think that’s one of the reasons she works so many doubles, so she can look after Ms. Flora Mae. Let me go in and let her know you’re here.”

She knocked on the door and stuck her head inside. “Ashlee, you have a visitor.”

Ashlee looked over her shoulder towards Monica. “Ok, I’ll be out in a few.” She turned back to Ms. Flora Mae. “Okay. Are you ready to see it?”

“Yeah, yeah. Just show me already.”

Ashlee turned the wheelchair towards the mirror. Ms. Flora Mae gave her a genuine smile. Before breakfast, Ashlee had helped Ms. Flora Mae wash her hair. Then, she pulled it up into a ponytail and rolled it. She’d taken out the rollers and added a yellow flower, Ms. Flora Mae’s favorite color, on the side.

“Thank you, hun. It looks fine. Now hurry up and give me a hug before somebody walks in here.”

Ashlee gladly obliged. She turned to see Monica and Bryan standing in the doorway.

“Who is that fine hunk o’ man? Bring him on in here so he can see how fine I look,” Ms. Flora Mae smiled showing her gums.

“Ms. Flora Mae, this is Bryan Hunter. My fiancée.”

“They show makin’ ‘em fine these days.” She looked past Bryan to Monica. “I guess you’ll have to do. Take me on down there, so I can eat some of that crap they call lunch.”

Ashlee looked around to make sure there was no one around. She pushed Bryan against the wall, wrapped her arms around his neck, and gave him a long passionate grown-up kiss.

When she finally stepped back, Bryan let out a breath. “If I knew I would be greeted like this, I would have started coming here long before now.” He took a long look at her and asked, “How is it that you can spend your days taking care of people in this capacity and still look so good?” She buried her face in his chest so he wouldn’t see her blushing.

“Can you get away for lunch?”

“Yeah, I have an hour. Let me clock out and tell Gail I’m leaving the building.”



“Where are we going?” Ashlee asked while buckling her seat belt.

“Wherever you want. We can call ahead and have it ready to save time. Honestly, I just wanted to see you. I didn’t plan on any place in particular.”

Ashlee grabbed Bryan’s hand and caressed the top with two fingers. “I want to go to your place.”

She’d seen his town house, but always refused to go inside. It was a rule she had set in order to stay out of trouble. Bryan glanced at Ashlee with a lopsided smile and a raised eyebrow. “Are you sure about that? You were always against it before.”

“I know. But that was then, before we were engaged. We’ve spent so much time with other people, I don’t want to share you with anyone else.” She turned her body towards him and leaned in so close he could feel her breath on his neck. She looked up and said in a low tone, “You said whatever I want.”

Bryan cleared his throat. “To be honest, I don’t have much to eat at my house.”

“I’m fine with sandwiches or whatever. I’m not that hungry anyway.”

Ashlee’s words sounded innocent enough. But the way she’d said “or whatever” all low and seductive like, and the way she kept looking at him wreaked havoc on his senses. She was actually flirting with him, something he’d never seen her do before. After the night on the yacht, Bryan couldn’t trust himself to be alone with her.

He was still trying to cool off from the kiss she’d just planted on him. He scratched the top of his head and gave her a quick glance. “I really don’t think that’s a good idea.”

Ashlee moved away from him and leaned on the door. She was disappointed. This was his first time seeing that look on her face and he never wanted to see it again.

“Okay,” he said, “we can go to my place, but let it be known I think it’s a bad idea.”



Bryan lived in a two bedroom townhouse. It wasn’t luxury, but it was definitely a few steps up from the one-bedroom duplex Ashlee lived in. She looked around and noticed there was no décor. Everything was black from the furniture to the curtains. Even the area rug was black. She smiled.

Bryan watched Ashlee as she observed his home. “I know. It’s not what you expected, is it?”

“No, I love your place. It’s spacious. It appears to be in a great neighborhood, and most importantly, it’s clean.”

“I’m glad you like it.” They sat on the couch. “Here, I got this for you.”

She took the phone from his hand and looked at it. “No.” She handed it back. “I don’t want you buying me stuff like this.”

Bryan had expected that reaction. Ashlee was determined to make it on her own. She had worked enough overtime and had been so frugal with her money over the last two years, she had a pretty good savings. If she’d wanted a cell phone, she could have easily purchased one herself. She did not like handouts.

“You’re going to be my wife, sweetheart. This is what husbands do. Please take it. If not for you, do it for me. I want to be able to reach you whenever I need to and I’ll feel better knowing you’re okay when we’re not together.”

She took it from his hand. “Fine, I’ll take it.” She studied it for a moment. “Awww cool. It has a purple case on it. That’s my favorite color.”

She scooted closer to him. He wrapped his arm around her. She folded her legs up on the couch and relaxed in his embrace. She leaned further into him and heard his stomach rumble. She tried to stifle a laugh.

“What’s so funny?”

“Your stomach. It’s growling. I mean like seriously growling. I hope the food gets here soon.” Bryan had called and ordered a pizza on the way over. She relaxed even more, resting her head in his lap. She turned to face him. “What is it?”

“When are we getting married?” Ashlee asked barely above a whisper.

“When do you want to get married?”

She shrugged. “We can go today and I’ll be okay with it.”

“Don’t you want a wedding?”

“Not really. As long as Mama Esther, your parents, Monica, and my sister Tracy are present, I’m fine. You know I don’t like to make a big deal out of stuff. I don’t want a lot of people standing around looking at me.”

“Okay. Maybe not today, but let’s try and get something together within the next few weeks. How does that sound?”

Ashlee shrugged. Bryan laid his head back and closed his eyes. Ever since the night Bryan proposed, Ashlee has been fighting to keep impure thoughts of them together out of her mind. She knew it wasn’t a good idea to come to his apartment with him. At the moment, she didn’t want to fight it anymore.

When they weren’t together, she missed him like crazy. He’s all she ever thought about. When he showed up unexpectedly at her job today, she was ecstatic. Before, she felt ashamed after initiating a kiss, but not anymore. The only thing she thought about lately was kissing him. Right now, she couldn’t take her eyes off of his lips.

Bryan opened his eyes, looked down, and met her gaze. He smiled, “What’s on your mind?”

“This.” She adjusted her body to sit in his lap, wrapped her arms around his neck, and kissed him hungrily. He pulled her closer to his body and returned the kiss. She readjusted her position and straddled him, moving her hips in a rhythmic motion. When she realized he wasn’t going to resist, she eased back and quickly lifted her shirt over her head and threw it behind her. Only a thin tank top covered her upper body. Alarms went off in Bryan’s head.

He loved the way Ashlee felt in his arms so close to him. But he knew her heart. He knew this wasn’t what she really wanted. She wanted to please God and she wanted to wait until her wedding night to make love to him. If they went through with this, she would feel terrible afterwards. If he truly loved her, he needed to be the man God wanted him to be and lead her in the direction God required.

Bryan stood up quickly with Ashlee still attached to him. He turned towards the couch and gently laid her down. He kneeled down beside her, kissed her forehead, and handed her the shirt she had taken off. “Here, sweetheart. Put this on. I’m going to go wait out in the car.” He grabbed his phone and his keys and walked outside leaving Ashlee lying on the couch wishing she could disappear.





 16

Natalia knew she’d made the most logical decision in allowing Terrance to continue to take care of her and Breah. The only problem was her heart didn’t belong to Terrance, it belonged to Bryan. She was accustomed to a certain lifestyle and she wasn’t ready to give that up, not even for love.

Truthfully, if Natalia didn’t have Glenda Lynn Santiago for a mother, she wouldn’t have thought twice about leaving Terrance and using Breah as a way to make a life with Bryan. She refused to give her mother something else to make her feel bad about. It was her mother who’d told her to give up on being a lawyer because she was too much of an air head to make it. What kind of a mother, especially a college professor, said that to their own child?

Glenda’s advice to Natalia was to become a paralegal and pray she could snag an older successful lawyer if she wanted to keep the life she was accustomed to. When Natalia tried to argue with her mother that she could become a lawyer if she would give her more time, her mother threatened to cut her off financially.

She’d told her to make sure she kept her looks intact because that would insure she got a rich and successful man. Her mother was willing to pay for her to get plastic surgery and tummy tucks, but wouldn’t give her another dime to pursue a degree in law.

In turn, Natalia took the hours she’d already accumulated and added a few more classes to get her paralegal degree. The day she’d said ‘I do’ to Terrance was the first time her mother ever said she was proud of her. The second time was when she became pregnant with Breah. Her mother called her pregnancy ‘an insurance policy’.

For this reason, no one could ever know who Breah’s father really was. She couldn’t risk losing Terrance.

Still, she hated Bryan had moved on with Ashlee. She couldn’t figure out what he saw in her. Sure she was cute in the adorable little sister sort of way, but what was it about her? She’d made a slip of the tongue when talking to Bryan. He’d never mentioned her name to her. Thankfully, he was so caught up in the situation with Breah, he didn’t notice.

Once Bryan had really cut her off, she decided to see what the real reason was because, married or not, no man in his right mind would give up a chance to be with her. She’d visited his church a few Sundays, entering the service late so she would go unnoticed.

The first Sunday she attended, she noticed he couldn’t take his eyes off of one particular woman. For the life of her, Natalia could not understand why he was so fascinated with the homely looking chick.

After service ended, she stood quietly in a corner and watched their interaction. She had never seen Bryan act so desperate to get attention from anyone, especially someone who didn’t seem remotely interested.

A few Sundays after that, when she pulled into the church’s parking lot, he was standing outside talking with the same girl. This time, however, she looked very different and very interested. She figured he must have fallen for the whole shy girl act because she played it well. The way Ashlee looked dressed up, there was no way she was really all that shy. Plus, she did have two children.

Natalia’s mind was conflicted. She hated Ashlee for taking her man, but she was intrigued by her at the same time. It was something about her that caused Natalia to forget everything else.

For months, she’d been looking at pictures of Bryan and Ashlee on his social media. After searching, she assumed Ashlee wasn’t active online. She even sat at the park and watched her interact with her children. She hated how everyone seemed to flock to Ashlee. The other children loved her, and the parents were always complimenting her about something.

Natalia went so far as sitting outside of Ashlee’s job a few times just to see if Bryan still sent her flowers. He never sent me any flowers, or anything else for that matter. She thought to herself. She was glad to know he wasn’t. Natalia had printed so many pictures of Ashlee and Bryan, she had to get a box to keep them in. She kept it locked away in the attic’s storage room.

She had a few of Ashlee and Bryan, some of just Bryan, but most of them were pictures of Ashlee by herself. Some days, Natalia sat in front of the computer studying Ashlee’s physical attributes. She wondered if Bryan would want her if she were to wear her hair like Ashlee’s, or dress like her, and play the shy role.

She noted the time and put the box away. Breah slept soundly in her crib, so she went upstairs to get cleaned up. She thought about her husband and how he’d been so kind to her for the past three years of their marriage. He didn’t pressure her to get a job. He even offered to hire a cook and cleaning person. Natalia declined the offer because she doesn’t like people in her personal space.

She tried to love Terrance, but she didn’t. He was gentle in every way. The love making was good, but she didn’t enjoy being with him the way she did with Bryan. Sometimes the only way she could even make it through was to pretend Terrance was Bryan.

When she had gotten to the point where squeezing her eyes tight and visualizing Bryan had stopped working, she talked Terrance into changing his look.

Terrance and Bryan’s complexion were pretty similar, so Natalia convinced him to change his haircut and goatee to match Bryan’s. She even started buying his clothes so he could dress like him.

“Natalia, I’m home.” Terrance called out as he entered their home.

“Ssshhh,” she said as she rushed downstairs. “You’re going to wake up Breah.”

“Here, I bought your new favorite flowers.” He handed her the bouquet.

She took the calla lilies from his hand and smiled. She’d overheard Bryan ordering calla lilies for Ashlee in the office. “Thanks, but it’s Ashlee. Remember?”

Terrance frowned. “I thought that was only when we’re in bed.”

“At first, yes,” she said. “But don’t you think it would be fun to call each other by those names all the time? Not in public of course, just when we’re home alone.”

“Ohhhh-Kay,” he said hesitantly. “If that’s what you want.”

“Oh yeah, before I forget,” Natalia said handing him a box off the end table. “I ordered you these last week. They arrived today.”

“Wow. This is a surprise. You usually only buy me gifts on Christmas and birthdays. First, clothes. Now, this. What’s in the box?”

“Hazel contacts,” she said smiling. “I used your prescription and had them ordered for you. Now, instead of wearing clear ones you can wear these.”

Terrance’s eyes darted back and forth from Natalia to the small box in his hands. After a brief silence, he spoke slowly. “Baby,” he said, “I appreciate you thinking of me, but don’t you think a twenty-nine-year-old man wearing hazel contacts is kind of um…weird?”

“You don’t have to wear them in public,” she said. “Just at home, when we’re together. Please. You said you’d do anything to make me happy.” She reached her arms around his neck and gave him gentle kisses on his lips.

“Okay, I’ll give it a try.” He pulled her closer. “I just wish I didn’t have to wait to take you upstairs and…” Natalia frowned and wiggled out of his embrace.

“Just put them on.”





 17

Ashlee covered her ears and pulled the covers over her head in an attempt to drown out the constant beating on her door. This was one of those days when she hated living in a one bedroom. She allowed the kids to share the room and she slept on a pull out sofa in the living room, right next to the front door that someone, who apparently didn’t get the hint that she wanted to be left alone, was beating on.

“Ashlee, I know you’re in there,” Monica yelled. “Open the door or I’m gonna use my key.” After Ashlee’s visit to Bryan’s home, she stopped going to work and Ashlee never missed work, not even when she was sick. “Since you won’t pick up your phone, I’m making a house call. I know you’re in there. Now, open the door.”

Ashlee grunted and threw the cover off her face, “Well, if you have a key use it and stop making so much freakin’ noise.”

“Now I know something’s wrong. I’ve known you for two years and I’ve never heard you raise your voice at a single soul. I’m coming in now.” She slowly opened the door and looked around. Outside, the day was bright and beautiful, but it was completely dark inside of Ashlee’s apartment.

Monica noted the soda cans, empty pizza box on the coffee table, children’s toys, and a couple of cookies in the corner as she made her way through the living room.

She walked towards the kitchen to turn on the light. With a quick glance, she noticed the kitchen sink was piled with dishes, and there was a box of what used to be Krispy Kreme donuts on the floor.

Monica peeked in the room to see if the kids were there before she began.

“Okay, could you please tell me where the real Ashlee went to? I’m not going to comment on all this unhealthy food ‘cause I know you can put it down in the food department. But the Ashlee I know wouldn’t leave a single dish in her sink, let alone a sink full. What’s going on? Who are you? And, what did you do with my friend, the real Ashlee Shante’Allen?”

Ashlee stuck her head out from under the covers. “Ugh, would you leave me alone? And, turn the light back off? I’m tryin’ to sleep. What do you want?”

Monica smacked her lips, put her hand on her hip, and cocked her head to the side. “What’s your problem? You’ve missed three days of work.” She looked around. “Where are my niece and nephew?”

“I enrolled Jordan in pre-school three days a week to give Mama Esther a break. Jade is with Bryan’s mother. And my problem is that when you’re not calling back to back, you’re over here flicking on these freakin’ lights when I’m clearly trying to sleep.”

Monica rolled her eyes, flopped on the pull out sofa, and pulled the covers off Ashlee’s face. “Dang, girl. You look a mess.”

Ashlee turned her body so her back faced Monica in an attempt to dismiss her.

“Is this about Bryan?” Monica asked. “Are you still mad because he wouldn’t give you any?”

“Ugghhhh. How do you even know about that?”

“Because he’s been by the job every day since you went MIA and he gave me this phone to give to you.”

Ashlee had left the phone he’d given her at his house. Once she decided they weren’t going to be together, she didn’t need it.

Ashlee sat straight up with a mortified look on her face. “He told you about that?”

Monica smiled and shook her head. “Nah, he didn’t. But he’s been texting you for two days. He brought me the phone on Tuesday ― you know the day after the lunch break you took and never returned from. I figured you’d be in for work the next day, but you didn’t come in. When today came and you still weren’t there, I thought I should bring it to you. Oh, and I read the messages he’s been sending.”

Ashlee laid back down. “So dag on nosy. Well, you can take it back to him, because I don’t want it and I don’t want him.”

Monica laid down beside her friend and put her head on her shoulder. “You’re not really upset with him for resisting right? Talk to me, chica. What’s really going on?”

Ashlee wasn’t sure what to say. She was too embarrassed to admit what really bugged her. She felt rejected, humiliated. She wanted him and he dismissed her with no explanation. She’d heard the ladies at church talk about how much of a ladies’ man Bryan was and that he’d slept around a lot in college. She’d overheard one of them saying Ashlee wasn’t sexy enough to keep a man like that interested and if she didn’t give him a reason to stay he’d be gone and they’d be happy to handle him for her.

Sure, he’d proposed to her and was showering her with a lot of gifts and attention. Ever since the night on the yacht, she knew by the way he caressed her while they were dancing that he was interested in having sex. So why did he reject her?

She relaxed, looked at her friend, and sighed. “I don’t know. It’s like… It’s just… I’m so embarrassed. I was all over him like a sex starved cat in heat, kissing and grinding on him and he left me there without saying a word. Why doesn’t he want me?”

“What did he say when you asked him?”

“Nothing because I haven’t talked to him anymore.”

“Okay,” Monica said. “Help me understand this. You left with him for lunch, went to his place and tried to get some, and he left you there? Is that why you didn’t come back to work? Because he left you without a ride?”

Ashlee bowed her head in shame. “No, he didn’t leave me. He went out to the car to wait and I slipped out of the back door and walked home.”

Monica closed her eyes and slowly shook her head. She stifled a laugh. “Girl, you are so extra. Pay attention, sweetie. The man is going crazy trying to reach you. He definitely wants you”

“I know. He’s been by here twice, but I won’t let him in.”

“I’m sorry, but I don’t know what the big deal is. You’ve said over and over again you wanted to wait until you’re married to have sex. The man tried to respect your wishes and you got mad at him? I saw how you guys were the day he picked you up for lunch, and don’t think I didn’t see the kiss you planted on him. Me and Ms. Flora Mae was watching.”

Ashlee looked up in horror, but Monica ignored her and continued. “You guys were giving off so much heat I thought the place was gonna catch on fire. Shoot, had me going through my contacts trying to recycle me a man.” Monica looked at her friend with a serious expression. “I don’t want you to look up one day and realize you’ve missed out on a good man because of your pride.”

She stood. “Now get ya butt up, take a shower, and let’s go so you can see him.” She looked around. “But first, clean up this house. Goodness.”





 18

After weeks of pretending Terrance was Bryan, Natalia was over it. No matter what she tried, nobody could take the place of him. As far as she was concerned, it didn’t get any better than Bryan Andre’ Hunter. She wanted him. She needed him.

If only he’d been at a place financially where she’d needed him, she would have left Terrance without a second thought. But since that wasn’t the case, she was fine with having him available whenever she needed him.

Natalia was glad Terrance had to take a three-day trip to San Francisco for business. His mother, Catherine Elizabeth, whom she referred to as Cruella offered to keep Breah for a few days, freeing her to catch up on the lives of Bryan and Ashlee.

She had grown tired of looking on social media, mainly because Bryan had stopped posting anything interesting. For the past few days, she’d been going to their homes watching. Waiting for something, anything.

She’d sat outside of Ashlee’s pitiful apartment and watched Bryan knock and knock on her door. She knew Ashlee was home because she’d seen her check the mail minutes before. But she didn’t let him in. This gave Natalia the push she needed to show Bryan her new look. She hoped he’d take one look at her and want her the way he’d fallen for Ashlee.

She put on her black, curly, shoulder length wig that looked exactly like Ashlee’s hair. She’d found the exact dress Ashlee wore the night he proposed to her. She’d even gone online and ordered Juicy Couture perfume after she’d heard Ashlee tell someone at church that it was her new favorite fragrance. If Ashlee liked it, she was certain Bryan felt the same way.

Ashlee was a lot smaller than Natalia in height and weight. She couldn’t do anything about the height, but right after she’d given birth she had a tummy tuck. So her body was back in tact. With the exception of her implants and perfectly shaped derriere, judging by her current view of her full length wall to wall mirror in her bedroom, she looked just like Ashlee or rather, a new and improved version of Ashlee, in her own opinion.

Twenty minutes later, she walked up to the building of Lockhart-Stratton & Associates.





 19

Bryan sat at his desk trying hard to stay focused on work. With Ashlee not speaking to him, it was next to impossible. After all of these years of dating different women, he still couldn’t understand them.

Women were always saying men were only after one thing and that made them mad. But, when a man tried to respect them and do the right thing by not giving in to his lustful desires, they got mad about that too.

He was worried about Ashlee. He’d expected her to come out of his townhouse so he could take her back to work that day, but she never came. After ten minutes passed, he’d gone back inside to check on her, but she’d already left.

He stood and decided to go back to her apartment and try again.

He stepped out of the elevator that led to the parking garage and did a double take of the woman that stood in front of him. With the exception of a very dark tan, the face looked like Natalia but the hair, the clothing, and the shade of lip gloss were all Ashlee. She even wore the same perfume Ashlee wore. This was turning into some fatal attraction type of stuff. “Natalia?” He said with a puzzled expression.

She hadn’t been to work since having Breah so he was surprised to see her.

“Well hello, sexy.” Natalia replied. “I’ve missed you.”

Bryan didn’t respond right away. Natalia had a wild expression in her eyes. “Are you okay?”

“Better than ever.”

His instincts told him not to engage. Right away, he thought she needed some serious mental health help but decided against verbalizing his thoughts. “Ok. Well…um. Bye.”

He headed towards his car, but she was hot on his tail. She slammed his car door shut as soon as he opened it. Bryan spun around quickly and found her at eye level with him. “What is your problem, woman? Leave. Me. Alone.”

Natalia wasn’t fazed. “You’re so sexy when you try to act all macho. I know you’re just trying to play the role of faithful fiancée. Look at me, Bryan. Do you like what you see? I’ve changed. I look just like Ashlee now. I smell like her too. So, you don’t need her anymore.”

Bryan attempted to move to the side, but she didn’t give him any room to maneuver. He could have easily tossed her out of the way, but he didn’t want to risk hurting her and facing a lawsuit. He was also a little afraid of what she might do. She was obviously unstable.

He put his hands on her arms underneath her shoulders and gently pushed her away from him. When he did, she took it as an invitation and pushed him against his car kissing him aggressively.

Ashlee and Monica pulled up and saw a couple that looked like they wanted to rip each other’s clothes off right there in the garage. “That’s a hot mess,” Monica said. “In broad daylight too.”

Ashlee looked on shaking her head slowly from side to side. She couldn’t see his face but she recognized his car. And, she’d recognize his profile anywhere. “No,” she whispered over and over. “No. He said he loved me. He told me I was perfect.” She looked down at her ring. “He gave me his ring. He was supposed to be different.”

Monica was fuming. She threw the car in park and unlocked the door. Ashlee touched her shoulder to stop her. “It’s okay, Mon. I expected it.”

She slumped down in her seat but continued to watch her perfect guy caught up in an intense lip lock with another woman in broad daylight. She dropped her head and closed her eyes before she had the chance to see Bryan push the lady off of him. “Let’s go,” Ashlee whispered.

Bryan was finally able to wrestle out of Natalia’s embrace. He didn’t realize how strong she was. This time he didn’t even try to get into his car. He went inside to alert the partners of what happened and to get her the help she obviously needed.

After being there for almost a year, he often saw Natalia and Jenifer spending time together so he told Jenifer he was worried about Natalia and asked if maybe she could check to see if she was okay.

A loud crashing sound brought people out of their offices to see what the commotion was about. The noise came from Bryan’s office. Jenifer, Bryan and one of the partners, David Lockhart slowly entered Bryan’s office. A deranged looking Natalia stood in the midst of a ransacked office.

Chairs were overturned. A table had been flipped over. Papers and files were strewn all over the floor. She was screaming, “Look at me, Bryan. I’m just like her. Look at me. Why don’t you want me?”

David and Bryan looked towards each other with their mouths open.

Jenifer approached Natalia in an attempt to calm her. “Natalia, why don’t you step into the lounge with me? Let’s talk.”

Natalia’s head snapped to the right. She looked possessed. “I’m not leaving with you. You never wanted Bryan and me together. We’re not friends.” She turned her attention to Bryan. “Breah needs you Bryan. She needs her dad. I’m not leaving without you!”

All eyes turned towards Bryan.

Bryan didn’t know what to say. If he thought he’d regretted their affair before, he really regretted it at that moment. It was Natalia who made him promise to keep Breah’s paternity a secret and now she wanted to put him on blast about it.

He looked at her wild red eyes, her wild hair, and the way she couldn’t keep still. It’s her word against his and in her current state, nobody would believe her.

He was trying to get things right with Ashlee. Now was not the time to drop a baby bomb on her. He turned towards David and whispered, “Call security.” He looked back at Natalia. “Better yet, call a looney bin. She needs professional help.”





 20

Two weeks after the incident with Natalia, Bryan still couldn’t reach Ashlee. She hadn’t been to work or at least that’s what he was told when he called or went up there. Her home phone had been disconnected. The cell phone he’d given her kept going straight to voicemail, and when he went to her apartment, she wasn’t here.

He usually depended on his mother or Mother Johnson to give him a little information, but Mother Johnson was in Arkansas visiting her children and grandchildren for the summer and his mother hadn’t seen her either. She hadn’t even been to church. He was so determined to find her that he showed up for the women’s ministry bible study on Tuesday.

Bryan was tired of waiting around. He couldn’t believe she was this angry with him for trying to resist sex. Bryan loved Ashlee more than anything. He decided to do something about it.

“Good morning,” Bryan said to Trina, the receptionist on duty at Hillside. “Can you page Monica Jacobs?”

“What do you want?” Monica asked.

Bryan jumped. Where had she come from? Monica had the look of a woman scorned. Bryan noted her hands were curled into fists resting on her hips. She stared at him through squinted eyes, and her lip trembled. She looked like she could crush him with her bare hand.

“Have you seen Ashlee? I haven’t been able to reach her for weeks. Did you give her the phone? She’s not answering or responding to my texts.”

“Good.” Monica said as she turned to leave. “That means she’s got good sense.”

Bryan caught up with her and blocked her path. “Do you know why she won’t talk to me?”

Monica laughed, but not because she was amused. “You’re good, Bryan. Real good. You play that nice guy role so well you even had me fooled.” Bryan looked confused. “We saw you, Bryan.”

“Saw what?”

“In the garage dry humping some chic that looked like a plastic version of Ashlee. You better be glad Ashlee stopped me from getting out ‘cause I was ready to start cuttin’.”

Bryan felt lightheaded. His knees buckled. He sat down in one of the waiting room chairs. He put his head inside of his hands and rubbed them down his face. He let out an exasperated sigh. “Monica, I know what that looked like. But, you’ve got it wrong. I swear that woman is obsessed with me. We had a thing a long time ago, but I ended it before Ashlee and I started dating.”

Monica stared at him with her lips slightly poked out. She gave him a side eye. “Typical tale.”

“Did you see her? She was dressed like Ashlee, wore her hair like her. She even had on the same perfume Ashlee wore the night I proposed. She’s CRA-ZY. Right after the thing in the parking garage, she came running into the building like a lunatic screaming and throwing stuff around in my office. When nobody could calm her, we had her arrested. I can get access to the cameras in the garage if you don’t believe me.”

He could see Monica finally start to soften. “Please. Just tell me how to reach her.”

“She’s gone.”

Bryan’s heart sunk. “Gone where?”

Monica leaned onto the front desk and sighed. “I haven’t talked to her much, but she said something about moving to Richmond with her sister Tracy.”

“Do you have her number?”

Monica hesitated.

“Please. I just want my Ash back. I can’t think straight without her.”

“Monica frowned and shook her head. “This is just sad.” She turned and scribbled something on a sticky pad and tore it off. “Here’s the number. Don’t tell her you got it from me. Just please, stop beggin’. Desperation does not look good on you.”





 21

Ashlee stood in the sun on the balcony of Tracy’s two-bedroom apartment for over twenty minutes enjoying the cool breeze. From where she stood, she could see a nice view of the city. She thought about the last three and a half years of her life.

She’d had a baby at seventeen, on her own at eighteen, and two children before her twentieth birthday. She worked a job she didn’t completely hate because she loved being around the people, but the constant pulling and lifting of people twice her size was causing major back and neck pain.

The thought of her children growing up without a father and with a mother who had to work double shifts at least twice a week just to pay the bills caused a great amount of guilt. She had made those decisions. Now, her children would suffer because of it.

She was grateful for what she had, because she’d heard of cases worse than hers. She was blessed to have a loving church family, especially Mama Esther. Without her, she didn’t think she would have been able to survive this long.

She would probably still be trying to hang on to Jamal, begging him to do right. The thought made her shiver.

“Hey, sissy.” Tracy said as she joined Ashlee on the balcony. “I brought you some chocolate peppermint tea.”

Ashlee turned. Her sister held a tray with two cups of tea and some tea cakes. She gave a forced smile. She loved her older sister. Only four years apart, they were always very close. Growing up, whenever Ashlee needed anything, she came running.

When Ashlee became pregnant, Tracy was going into her first year of graduate school. She’d promised her that when she finished, she could come and stay with her and she’d kept good on that promise. When she finished, she looked for three bedroom apartments so Ashlee and the kids could come and stay, but Ashlee declined the offer.

Even now, Ashlee wasn’t planning to stay in Richmond. She just needed a break. She was too embarrassed to show up at work or at church without the ring on that everybody had noticed. She would definitely be finding a new church home.

She took a month off from work. Since she never really took off for anything, she had a lot of vacation time saved and this seemed like a good time to use it.

Ashlee removed the throw that lay on top of the small round table. Tracy sat the cups down. They each took a seat in one of the pink wicker chairs.

Ashlee closed her eyes as she inhaled the smell of chocolate and peppermint. Tracy knew whenever Ashlee felt sad this combination always soothed her. Their grandmother used to make it for her, Tracy, and Aja whenever they spent weekends with her.

Before she’d died, she taught Tracy how to make it. The smell of it brought back fond memories. Ashlee took a sip and set it down.

“Why did I have to go and screw up my life?” Ashlee lamented. She met Tracy’s gaze. “I had the same opportunities you had and I blew it.”

Tracy gave her her undivided attention. For the past two weeks, Ashlee had been quiet. She cooked, cleaned, took the kids for walks, but she had yet to tell Tracy why she was really there. Tracy remained quiet.

“I’m as smart as you are. I made good grades in school. Did you know I had a full ride to California Institute of the Arts?”

Tracy nodded. “You’ve had a difficult life. I never liked how mom treated you. If I could have, I would’ve taken you with me to George Mason. They always tried to make you be like me, not realizing you were perfect the way you were. Your gifts and talents were different from mine, but Mom refused to appreciate how special you are. I hated Mom and Dad for putting you out like that. But for what it’s worth, I’m extremely proud of the woman you’ve become.”

“And what have I become?” Ashlee asked with a look of disgust. “A single mother of two that works as a nursing assistant.” Ashlee blew out a breath. “What is there to be proud of?”

“You’ve done a lot that has caused me to be proud of you,” Tracy said. “You’ve made a life for yourself on your own. You’ve enrolled in online pre-nursing classes, and you are an amazing mom.” Tracy gave that a little time to sink in. She continued. “You seemed so happy for the past year. Are you sure there’s not anything else going on that’s causing you to feel down about yourself?”

Ashlee picked up her cup of tea and took a long slow sip. She wasn’t sure how much to tell her sister because she still felt embarrassed for allowing herself to believe somebody like Bryan could really love her.

She should’ve listened to the warning bells sounding off in her head. He was such a smooth talker. He’d really convinced her she was the only one for him. She told herself not to get her hopes up and what did she do? She got hurt. She figured she might as well tell her since she and her children had taken over her house. At least, she should know why.

“Bryan and I broke up.”

“What happened?”

“I saw him and some super model looking woman kissing in the parking garage of his job.” She started to get mad all over again. “It was in broad daylight too, like they didn’t care who saw them. He was leaned all against the car and she had him back almost in a choke hold. I don’t even see how he was able to breathe.” That was Ashlee’s first time saying that aloud.

“So what did he say when you asked him about it?”

“He didn’t say anything because I haven’t talked to him.”

Tracy raised an eyebrow. “Has he tried to contact you?”

“He doesn’t know where I am.” Ashlee rolled her eyes. “And I plan to keep it that way.”

“I’ve seen a lot of problems in relationships,” Tracy said. “And most are because of not communicating. Things aren’t always as they seem. At least talk to him and see what he has to say.”

Ashlee closed her eyes and laid her head back. “I can’t. I don’t think straight when we’re together. I tend to believe everything he says. I can’t trust my own judgement when it comes to him.” She opened her eyes and looked at her sister. “I’m done. We shouldn’t have ever been together in the first place. I knew better.”

“What do you mean you knew better?”

Ashlee wrapped herself up in her blanket and hugged it tight. “We’re just too different.” She whispered, “Why did I ever think a handsome successful lawyer who could have anyone he wanted would be completely satisfied with someone like me?”

Tracy moved the table that separated their chairs. She moved her chair so she was seated directly beside her sister. She took Ashlee’s hands in hers and looked into her eyes. “Ashlee Shante’ Allen, don’t ever let me hear you talk about yourself that way. You are fearfully and wonderfully made in the image of God. You were created on purpose and God does not make mistakes. Mama, Daddy, Jamal…they are all missing out on the strong, intelligent, beautiful woman I’m looking at right now. I wasn’t there so I can’t say much about Bryan’s actions, but if he treated you as badly as you are saying, then it’s his loss too. You are the prize, honey, not him.”

Tracy wiped the tears that trickled down her sister’s face with the end of the blanket and stood. “Now, come here. I’ve got something you need to see.”



If Ashlee was upset enough to leave her job, pack up herself and her children, and move to an entirely different city without letting him know, she must have been pretty shaken up over what she saw.

Bryan would never forgive himself for allowing his bad decisions to affect her like this. He knew without a doubt when he spoke with her again, he couldn’t tell her about Breah. He would likely lose her forever.

As soon as he’d left the nursing home, he called the number Monica had given him and spoke with Tracy. Tracy told him she didn’t know what was going on between them because Ashlee had not told her yet. When he’d explained to Tracy he and Natalia were a thing that happened before he met Ashlee, Tracy advised him to get some sort of proof of his innocence before he approached her, because based on the current state Ashlee was in, she wouldn’t listen to him without it.

Thankfully, Bryan was able to convince Alex, one of the security guys from his firm, to get him a copy of the tape showing what actually happened. He was already on his way to Richmond when his phone alerted him that he had an email.

He took the next gas exit and sat in the parking lot and watched it. The video showed him swiftly walking towards his car with Natalia chasing him. He watched as he tried to open his car door, her slamming it, and pushing him against the car. He noted a car speeding off, which he assumed was Monica and Ashlee. Moments later, the clip showed him going inside of the building and then Natalia being taken out of the building in handcuffs kicking and screaming.

He sent the video attachment to Tracy’s email and asked her to show it to Ashlee. He informed her he would be there in about thirty minutes. Tracy responded back to his email that she would, but only after she’d watched it first because she didn’t plan to cause her sister anymore pain. If she found it acceptable, then she’d send him a text letting him know it was safe to come inside.



Ashlee sat back on the couch, after watching the video on Tracy’s computer and closed her eyes. She felt horrible for not trusting Bryan. How could she have ever doubted him? He had been nothing short of amazing to her. She’d gone for more than two weeks without speaking to him.

First, she’d disappeared and stopped talking to him for three days because she was embarrassed by her own actions. Now, she’d skipped town without even letting him explain.

After all of that, he still went out of his way to find her. She figured Monica must have given him Tracy’s number because nobody else had it or even knew where she was. She realized then she must be someone pretty special to him and to God for putting him in her life. She looked at Tracy who sat in a nearby recliner watching her.

“So,” Tracy said, “what were you saying about someone like Bryan not being able to love someone like you? Looks like love to me.”

“I’m going to step outside and call Bryan.” Before she left Hampton, she’d planned to return the phone to him, but changed her mind right before she’d left, because she didn’t want to face him. Instead, she turned it off and tossed it in her bag.

She ran into the back room to get it. When she turned it on, it started dinging non-stop. When it finally stopped, there were fourteen text messages, all but two from Bryan, and twenty-seven missed calls. Three were from Monica. One was from Mama Esther, and the rest were from Bryan. She’d call the others back, but first she had to get her man.

Ashlee quickly walked out onto the balcony and leaned against the rail. She didn’t bother to close the door. She was so caught up in anticipation of hearing Bryan’s voice on the other end, she didn’t notice when he stepped out onto the balcony.

She gasped when she felt herself being spun around and pulled into a pair of familiar arms. She stared into eyes she’d missed for far too long. She opened her mouth to speak. He cut her off by placing his lips onto hers. The kiss said everything. He didn’t want an explanation or an apology. Everything he wanted was right there his arms.


