 Charley. Pay attention. I flinched as two hands smacked together in front of my face, a puff of air ruffling my hair. What? I snapped before realizing the hands belonged to my boss, Eva Porter. I softened my tone. What do you need, Eva? Im trying to get this press release out the door. Someone is snippy today, she said, shaking her head in disapproval. It seems to me like you could use some fun in your life. I groaned under my breath. Eva was always forcing me to participate in socially awkward events. What now? She nodded as if I had proved her point. Yep, this is exactly what you need. She held out an ivory colored enveloped which I took reluctantly. Fundraiser. Tonight. Be there. I glared at Eva and slipped the invitation from the envelope. As I read over the details, I tried to think of a good reason why I couldnt attend the event. Id love to go, Eva. Honestly. But- Stop. Eva dismissed my argument with a wave of her hand. I dont want to hear whatever pathetic excuse you were about to give. I have a date. I have a dentist appointment. I have to have my spleen removed. We both know you were about to make up an excuse because we both know you lead a pathetically dull and uneventful life. She had me. It was no secret that I spent most of my life at work and when I wasnt working, I spent my time alone in my small, one-bedroom apartment eating takeout and watching bad television. It might be a dull and uneventful life, but I liked it that way. Eva, this invitation is addressed to you. I tried to hand it back to her. Im not going to an event where my name isnt even on the guest list. Evas grin was downright scary. I guess its good that I called and had you added in my place. Now you have no reason not to go. I had played right into her hands. Fine. I sighed loudly. Who do you need me to schmooze? Eva was the Founder and CEO of Children First, a Washington D.C. non-profit that focused on everything from literacy to gun violence. I had been working there almost a year as the event coordinator/marketing specialist/legislative advocate/whatever Eva decided I should be doing on a given day. One of my primary responsibilities at Children First was to attend any event where politicians might be and shove our cause down their throats. Senator Cooper is supposed to make an appearance. Eva actually winked at me. If you can get past whatever escort hell be wearing, I need you to push him on Bill 132. Bill 132 was Evas baby. It was a gun-control bill that would ban assault weapons and right now it was at least five votes shy of passing in the Senate. Senator Nicholas Cooper was an independent and by all accounts undecided on the bill. Are you sure you dont want to do this instead? I was still perfecting my lobbying skills but Eva was a veteran when it came to cornering and convincing politicians. No doubt she would have Senator Cooper voting Yay in a matter of minutes. Youve got this, Eva said with a stiff nod. Just remember the advice Ive been giving you, and dont take no for an answer. I started to turn back to my neglected press release when Eva added, Oh and if Cooper makes a pass at you, your answer should be yes. Washington social events were not my thing. I didnt like making small talk, hated mingling with strangers and barely tolerated mediocre appetizers and supersized egos. But my job required me to play nice for the night, so thats exactly what I did. I discussed the weather with a Washington reporter, exchanged brownie recipes with a Senators wife and debated the merits of affirmative action with a legislative aide. After two hours of feigning interest in the people around me, I was exhausted. I was also relatively certain that Senator Cooper wasnt going to make an appearance. After slamming one more glass of champagne, my fifth of the night, I teetered as confidently as possible from the ballroom. My heels were high and I was drunk- the combination was guaranteed to lead to disaster. I made it down the long hall to the front entrance of The Capital Hotel, but a group of men blocked my exit. I tried to step around them, but the group was too large. My one recourse was to push through the middle. Excuse me, I growled, annoyed that leaving had turned into such a challenge. None of the men moved. I cleared my throat and tried again, louder. I said, excuse me. The man standing directly in front of me finally stepped to the side and glanced over his shoulder. Im sorry, Miss. Gentlemen, lets make some room. The face, the voice- I had found Senator Cooper. I now had a clear path to the door, but I was no longer anxious to leave. After standing there staring at the senator blankly for several seconds, he asked, Did you need something? I shook away my hesitation. My mission had been to corner Senator Cooper, but now that I was standing less than two feet away I couldnt think of a single thing to say to him. So instead I stuck with my original plan. No. Sorry. The path that had been cleared was narrow, and I had to step carefully between the men. I felt the warmth of Senator Coopers hand on the small of my back as he helped guide me through and I tensed. I didnt have time to figure out why his touch made me anxious because at that moment someone yelled, Gun! Men began to yell and the crowd around me pushed me backward. I stumbled and someone caught me by the arm and crushed me to their body, bringing us both to the ground. Stay down, Senator Cooper said, his voice steady and certain. My heart was pounding in my chest and it took me several attempts to find my voice. What happened? He was huddled around me and my head was tucked close to his chest. This meant I was shielded from potential danger, but I also couldnt see anything but the pinstripes on Senator Coopers shirt. Someone pulled out a gun. The guards are handling the situation. Gun? Why? It was taking me some time to catch up; it was like my brain had shut down. That isnt something I can answer presently. At last my brain clicked back into the right gear. Did they catch him? If not, we need to get out of here. I jerked away so that I could get a better look at what was happening around me. To our left, dozens of well-dressed people were huddled around the room, many of them hiding behind furniture and columns. I fought back a wave of dj vu and turned to the right. Three men in suits were pinning another man to the ground. The man wasnt fighting them, but his head was turned toward us and his burning eyes were focused in our direction. Senator, I need you to come with me. Another man towered over us, a covert earpiece tucked into one ear and a gun bulging conspicuously beneath his suit jacket. He reached down to help me to my feet. Where? Senator Cooper asked as he stood, smoothing wrinkles from his dress pants. Weve secured a room. A room? Whos we? The well-dressed, armed man didnt seem like a normal security guard and his grip on my arm was nearly painful. Secret Service, Maam. His grip loosened just a bit. Im Agent Flynn and I need you to come with me. Why? Agent Flynn was already walking away, his hand still firmly gripping my arm. They are securing the area, Senator Cooper explained. Theyll need to take our statements about what we saw. But I didnt see anything, I protested in futility. We were ushered down a long hallway with a group of men all dressed similarly to Agent Flynn. It didnt take a genius to realize we were in the middle of a secret service bubble. They all wore the same grim expressions. Agent Flynn finally released my arm and moved to the head of the pack. Friends of yours? I asked the senator. He seemed perfectly comfortable surrounded by a half-dozen armed men. Theyre good friends to have, he quipped. Were alive, arent we? I couldnt argue with that as we followed the agents onto an elevator. It only had one button, and we sailed up to the top floor without stopping. Agent Flynn turned to the other agents. The penthouse is unoccupied and this elevator is one of the two entrances onto the floor. I want two men guarding it at all times and two men at the stairwell. No one enters this floor without clearance from me, got it? The elevator doors opened and everyone moved into action. Everyone but me, that is. Coming? Senator Cooper asked, looking at me questioningly. I dont think I really have a choice. Agent Flynn waved me forward. You dont. The penthouse suite was impressive, but I was too distracted to fully appreciate it. More agents milled about the main room, talking on cell phones and making plans in loud voices. Agent Flynn pointed to an oversized couch on the far side of the room. Have a seat and get comfortable. Youll be here for a while. He hurried away without a backward glance, marching straight into the bedroom and closing the door decisively behind him. Senator Cooper and I didnt speak as we crossed the room and took seats next to each other, keeping a good amount of distance between us. I turned my attention to the television in the corner which had been turned to the local news. An attractive redhead in a skin-tight blue dress was standing just outside our hotel, looking serious but still sexy as she broke the news of the almost-incident that had just occurred. Why the big deal? I wondered out loud. Sure, a few important people were at the event but it wasnt like someone had been shot. Senator Cooper pointed to the bedroom. I think it might have something to do with the VIP hiding in the bedroom. What VIP? I hadnt seen anyone but Agent Flynn enter that room. Vice President Anderson is in there. He was standing next to me when the chaos went down and he was the first person escorted up here. The senator turned back to the television looking bored. So much for women and children first... I suppose you expect me to thank you for saving my life. I gave him a look that said I felt the exact opposite of grateful. He shot me a surprised glance. Did I say something wrong? I shook my head, still feeling unsettled by the turn of events. No, forget it. Im still frazzled I guess. Lets start over, he suggested, offering his hand. Im Nick Cooper. I laughed involuntarily as I shook his hand. I know who you are, Senator. Nick, please, he said almost pleadingly. So you know who I am, but I still dont know who you are. Charley. Charley Tanner. Nick raised a questioning eyebrow and I continued, Its kind of a nickname. I realize Charley isnt a typical name for a woman. No objections from me. I like it. Nick smiled for the first time revealing two rows of perfect white teeth. The smile erased at least ten years from his face and he no longer looked like Senator Cooper. I hope no one is waiting for you. Im sorry? My mouth suddenly felt very dry. Nick chuckled. That didnt come out right. I just meant, you were on your way out when all this happened, so I hope you werent meeting someone or they will either be very worried or very mad. Oh. I had almost forgotten that I had been about to leave the hotel; that seemed like such a long time ago. No, I wasnt meeting anyone. I was just going home. Was it really so boring that you needed to leave before ten oclock? Nick tugged at the knot of his tie, loosening it imperceptibly. Im not much of a socialite. So what brought you to the event then? I considered my answer and decided to go with the truth. You. Me? Nick coughed. Well you certainly are forward. I shrugged. My brain is too fried to come up with a believable lie. You didnt come here to kill me, did you? Nicks joke fell flat as one of the secret service agents entered the suite and went directly to the bedroom door. I came to schmooze you actually. Voices were being raised on the other side of the bedroom wall. I work for Eva Porter and Children First. Ah, Eva. I know her well. Nick smiled reluctantly. This is about Bill 132? Your vote is key. It can make or break your future in politics. Im sure you dont need me to tell you that. I had read a lot about Senator Cooper in the news over the past couple of years and I knew he was as politically savvy as they came. You want to be on the right side of this one. And the right side is your side? I know we dont know each other, Senator, but one thing you should know about me is that Im always right. Nick. Call me Nick. His blue eyes flashed and he leaned forward intently. Tell me something, Charley. Why this bill? Why do you care enough about this bill to come to an event hoping for two minutes of my evening to give me the same pitch Ive already heard a dozen times? I couldve told him right then, the whole truth. My truth was powerful enough to convince him. But I had never told anyone that truth, and I wasnt ready to start now. After what almost happened tonight, do you really need a reason? Someone was able to get within a few feet of the Vice President of the United States while carrying a gun. Isnt that reason enough? No. Nick shook his head. Its not enough. Passing this bill doesnt guarantee that all the bad guys will stop finding ways to kill people. Im sure you can agree with that. Life doesnt have any guarantees, but that doesnt mean you give up. I could feel a familiar annoyance building. Look, people speed every day, but that doesnt mean we get rid of speed limits. Its safer to drive slower, so we pass laws to that effect. Bill 132 is the same thing. Yeah, some bad guys are still going to get guns but we should make it as hard as we can for them. What about the Second Amendment? Stop. Youre not honestly going to argue that the Second Amendment was intended to protect a potential criminals right to own an assault weapon, are you? I groaned and felt slightly better when I saw the corner of Nicks lips twitch as he fought back a smile. No, I wasnt going to argue that. I was just trying to annoy you. Now he let himself smirk. Has anyone ever told you that your nostrils flare adorably when you are irritated? Has anyone ever told you that you are kind of an ass? I smiled sweetly. Too many people to count, he answered easily. I really wanted to stay annoyed but he was too darn charming. Nick wasnt like the other politicians I had met in Washington; he didnt seem to be at all impressed by his status and even seemed a bit embarrassed by it. We had been on lockdown for at least thirty minutes and he hadnt checked his cell phone once even though I heard it vibrating nonstop in his pocket. Not that this hasnt been a knee-slapping good time but how long do you think they are going to keep us here? I nodded toward two agents lurking in the far corner of the room.  No clue. Nick shot me a sidelong glance. For a bit longer I hope. Really? I raised a surprised eyebrow. Nick patted the suit pocket that held his phone. The real world waits on the outside. Plus theres the stimulating conversation weve been having. Id rather be watching bad reality television right now. But even as I said the words I realized they were a lie. I enjoyed talking to Nick Cooper, even if it meant being locked in a room swarming with secret service agents. We could bust open the mini-bar and get drunk if youd like, Nick offered. I like the way you think, Senator Cooper. The mini-bar was well-stocked and we had no problem finding a few drinks to take the edge off our tense situation. After three drinks made from overpriced mini-bottles of vodka, I managed to forget that I had only known Nick for the last two hours. Come on. You can trust me. I exaggerated a wink. What really happened with the fianc? Did you get caught cheating? Wow. Thats an extremely personal question. Nick tried to act offended but he was two drinks ahead of me and feeling good. Thats not something I usually talk about on a first date. This isnt a date, I reminded him. This is an imprisonment. Drinks. Awkward conversation. Hotel room. He ticked each item off on a finger. Sure sounds like a date to me. Im beginning to see why you arent engaged anymore. I finished off my drink in one big gulp. We both looked up in surprise when the bedroom door opened. We hadnt seen any activity from the room in quite a while. Agent Flynn stepped out of the room looking like he had aged ten years. His hair was disheveled as if he had been running his hands through it and his tie was crooked. You two are free to leave, he said through tight lips. An agent will drive you home, and well escort you through the back exit. Thats it? You arent going to tell us what happened downstairs? The indignation in my voice surprised even me. An individual was apprehended as he approached the Vice President with a weapon. Thats really all you need to know.  That doesnt explain why you had to keep us trapped up here all night. When I stood up, I wobbled slightly. I wasnt sure if it was from the drinks or from not moving for the past couple of hours. Agent Flynn sighed. Due to your proximity to the Vice President, we had to be sure that you were not an intended target. You were not. Nick broke the tension with a joke. For once, someone didnt want me dead. Ill count that as a win. You know, thats something that was never a concern for me until you came into my life. Until I saved your life, you mean, Nick corrected me with a flash of his boyish grin. Alright. I clapped my hands together. Im ready to go. Wheres this back exit? Agent Flynn took us down the same elevator we went up in, but headed to the back of the hotel as we exited. I glanced quickly to the right and saw that the main lobby was still locked down and swarming with police. Youll be able to avoid the media this way also, Agent Flynn explained. I hear its a bit of a circus out front. I imagine there are quite a few clowns out there, I said, surprised when Nick laughed. Most people didnt find my jokes to be very funny. Agent Flynn stopped short at the end of the hallway and pressed a finger to his ear, listening to whatever the mystery voice was saying in his ear piece. Your car is here, he said, pushing open an unmarked door. A black sedan waited for us in the alley. No offense, but I hope we dont meet again, I said to Agent Flynn. He didnt look the least bit offended as he opened the car door for me. Nick suggested that I be dropped off first so I gave the driver my address and stole a glance at my phone. Seven missed calls from Eva, which meant she had been watching the news. Nick was busy with his phone as well, his brow furrowed in concentration as he read through his email. Glad to be back in the real world? he asked without looking up. It occurred to me that the last couple of hours in that hotel room were some of the most peaceful moments I had experienced in a long time. There was something to be said for locking out life, having a couple of drinks, and turning off your brain. You mightve been on to something, I confessed. I know we dont know each other very well, but something you should know about me is that Im always right. Nick smirked as he threw my own words back in my face. I allowed myself a small smile. This is me, I said as we pulled up in front of my building. Maybe Ill see you around town. Maybe. Nick looked like he was going to say more but changed his mind. Have a good night. I was halfway out the door when Nick stopped me. Charley? Yeah? Nicks eyes narrowed as he thought for a second. It was really nice to meet you. Ditto, I said. Thanks for the stimulating conversation. Anytime. With that, I shut the door on Nicholas Cooper, certain that our paths would cross again someday. I had no idea just how soon it would be. Tuesday, October 6th The Daily Scandal Washingtons #1 Source for Breaking Political News and Politicians Making News Last night, an attempt was made on the life of the Vice President. Eye witnesses say that a man attempted to attack the VP while at a fundraiser at The Capital Hotel. No one was harmed in the incident but the hotel and surrounding vicinity were in lockdown for hours. Other sources tell the Daily Scandal that Senator Nicholas Cooper was escorted to a private suite accompanied by a beautiful young woman. It is not known whether this woman was another of the senators many conquests but it was confirmed that the two of them disappeared for hours. Im sure this isnt the last well hear of this mystery woman.  TWO Thats all youve got for me? Eva slammed her coffee mug onto my desk, spilling it in the process. You were locked in a room with Senator Cooper for a couple of hours and you didnt walk away with any clue as to how hes going to vote? I had other things on my mind right then, I said, using a tissue to wipe up the spilled coffee. Besides, I dont think the senator even knows how hes going to vote yet. Really? Eva sat up straight. So you did have a heart-to-heart with him then? Thats a bit of an embellishment. We talked a little, thats all. Eva and I had already been through this line of questioning several times. I was relieved when Evas assistant, Mindy, knocked on my open office door. I have a delivery for Charley, she said, stepping into the room holding an embarrassingly large display of flowers. Mindy was grinning like a fool as she set the vase on my desk. Looks like you have an admirer. Eva nearly knocked over the entire thing reaching for the card. Fortunately, my reflexes were quick and I snatched the card just before her hand closed over it. I believe Mindy said these flowers are for me. I gave Eva a pointed look as I opened the miniature envelope and slid out the tiny stationary inside. The handwriting was neat and precise, clearly legible. Charley- I enjoyed our time together last night. Any chance you would be interested in doing it again? Minus the near-death experience, of course. We can even argue politics again. Just say yes. ~Nick Well, that certainly was an interesting twist. I could feel both Eva and Mindy watching me and my cheeks flushed. If I told Eva who the flowers were from, she would never stop trying to use it to her advantage. On the other hand, she wasnt going anywhere without some kind of explanation. Nothing to see here, I said, pretending to shoo them away with the card. Eva wasnt having it. Spill it, Tanner. Youre blushing too much for it to be nothing. Theyre from that blind date I went on last week. Remember the one my friend Tara set me up on? The guy that made me pay the bill? Anyway, this is his way of apologizing I guess. I turned to my computer and pretended to be busy answering emails after sliding the card under my keyboard, out of sight. I dont buy a word you said. Eva slid off my desk and smoothed down her dress. I have to run to a meeting, but this isnt over. Eva was right- it wasnt over. As much as I tried to forget about Nick and focus on work, the flowers werent exactly easy to ignore. And every time I saw them, or caught a whiff of them, I started thinking about the note. Nick wanted me to say yes, but he didnt leave a phone number or email address. I couldnt say yes even if I wanted to. The question remained- did I want to say yes? I had a bad track record when it came to dating. Twenty eight years and I had never been in a serious, adult relationship. My friends teased that I was a commitment-phobe but the reality was that I had a very low tolerance for people. Thats not to say that I was terribly picky, I just didnt like to put up with peoples crap. Fool me once, get the hell out of my life. Nick Cooper was the exact type of guy I typically avoided so when I found him sitting on my doorstep after work, I thought about running away. Unfortunately, he spotted me just as I was about to flee. Charley, he said, rising fluidly. He was wearing a dark gray suit with a robins egg blue shirt that was just a shade darker than his eyes. Last night I had been in a bit of shock and hadnt been able to fully appreciate his subtle beauty- the sharp cheekbones and strong jaw. His tall, lean body and inviting smile. Nick was classically good-looking, but not obnoxiously so. I couldnt help but return his smile. Nick. His smile grew wider at the sound of his name. He straightened his tie as he stepped closer. You got my note? I did. My brain had gone blank and I had to struggle to remember what the note had said. You forgot to leave a number. I didnt forget. Nick shoved his hands in his pockets and lowered his voice. I prefer to get my answers in person. Even if its a rejection? He shrugged. I wouldnt know. I never take no for an answer. So you really are just as cocky as they say. As who says? He tilted his head just a little. The Daily Scandal, for one. I was challenging Nick and he knew it. For his part, he didnt take the bait. People like to talk. The internet lets them do that anonymously. Ive got more important things to worry about than what the internet says about me. Nick tried to sound nonchalant but I detected annoyance in his tone. Youre not avoiding the question, are you? I honestly didnt know. He had given me the entire day to decide what my answer would be and I was still undecided. Thank you for the flowers, I said instead. That was very sweet of you. I have my moments. His eyes narrowed suspiciously. You still havent answered my question. Should I be worried? A cloud passed over us, literally, blocking the sun momentarily. The sudden darkening was ominous. Nicks face was more angular in the shadow and made him seem slightly dangerous, like his inner bad boy was being exposed. I had a weakness for bad boys. Fine. Fine? His eyebrows rose hopefully. My answer is yes, I guess. Nick laughed awkwardly. Please, try to contain your excitement. Im sorry. Youre right. I was being rude and we both knew it. Lets give it a shot. I was hoping you would say that. He gestured down the road in the direction from which I had arrived. Lets go. Lets go? I asked in alarm. Like, right now? Sure. Unless you have other plans... A quick smile that made it impossible to say no. Okay, lets go, I agreed. Whats the plan? What makes you think I have a plan? This time his smile hinted of mischief and there was no doubt that he actually did have a plan. So Im just supposed to blindly follow you? Its called trust, Charley. Nick held out his hand. So do you trust me? I gave his hand a long look before cautiously placing my hand in it. Dont make me regret this. I didnt know what to expect as Nick led me down the street. He walked leisurely but with confidence, keeping up a steady stream of small talk. I wasnt usually a big fan of small talk but Nick had a special charm in his demeanor that I couldnt resist. Before sitting down for dinner, we had both run through our biographies and we were ready to tackle more serious matters. How did you find this place? I asked, looking around the bar. It was nearly empty and we were seated at a small table near the back, while four other patrons lined the bar. We were able to talk freely without anyone overhearing us. My ex lived a couple of blocks over. I spent a lot of time in here when I needed to get away. Nick took a long drink of his beer. The ex-fianc? My interest was piqued. It was no secret that Nicks recently failed romance had been the talk of the town. His broken engagement had made him the most eligible bachelor in Congress. Nicks jaw clenched for several seconds before he nodded and said, Heidi. I leaned forward and lowered my voice even though no one could hear a word we were saying. Details please. What details? All of them. How did you meet? How long did you date? Why did you break up? At a charity event. Two years. And its a long story. Nick tilted his beer at me. Your turn. Fire away. I leaned back in my chair and crossed my arms. Why do I know your name? Because I told it to you? Nick shook his head. Thats not what I mean and you know it. Ive heard your name, and it happened long before these last 24 hours. Its a common name. Im sure there are dozens of Charley Tanners floating around. Nick smirked. Female Charley Tanners? I doubt that. I shrugged. Ive lived in Washington a long time. We run in similar circles. Everyone in Washington runs in the same circle. This town is one giant political circle. Nick twirled his beer bottle in a slow loop on the table. I could just pull out my phone and Google you. Our first date and youre already talking about Googling me? Scandalous. I tried to keep my tone even but we both knew he had me. Even if I kept my mouth shut on the matter, it would take less than thirty seconds for him to find out on his own. Wait. Nick held up a hand to stop me. Where are you from? Wisconsin. Where in Wisconsin? The second I answered that question, Nick would figure it out on his own. I didnt so much as blink when I answered, Morville. I could see the recognition pass over his face. Any flirtation that had been skirting at the edge of our conversation was now gone completely. How old are you? Nick wasnt at all embarrassed by his bold question. Twenty-eight. Charley Tanner. This time when he said my name his voice sounded haunted. The lone survivor of the Morville High School Massacre. You make it sound so creepy. It had been at least two years since I had heard anyone mention that part of my past. The shock of it never faded. So thats my big secret. Now you know. Neither of us said anything for a long time. Nick finally waved the waitress over and ordered us another round of drinks. When she was gone, he said, Im sorry I pushed the issue. Its none of my business. Dont worry about it. You were much more tactful about it than most people. I couldnt remember a time when I hadnt been bombarded with questions once someone found out about my past. Lets try a different line of questioning, Nick said as the waitress returned with our beers. Charley- is that short for anything? Charlotte. I allowed a small smile. My mother was a big Bronte fan. Not Emily or Anne? Apparently not. I always thought Charlotte was the most interesting Bronte sister. I laughed. Youre telling me that you have actually spent time considering which Bronte sister was the most interesting? What can I say, Im a man of layers. You just have to peel them back one at a time to get a full appreciation of my many facets. Kind of like an onion. Ill take that as a compliment. Take it any way youd like. Nick smirked. I like where this date is headed. Twenty four hours earlier, I had never met Nick Cooper. I had heard his name on the news and read about his personal life in the gossip blogs. I thought he was arrogant, condescending and smug. Fast forward one day and I was on a date with that very same man, no longer caring if he was arrogant or smug. I no longer cared because he was also charming and funny. Despite all the reasons to the contrary, I liked Nick Cooper and for some unknown reason, he seemed to like me, too. It took another five rounds of beer and four more hours of conversation before either of us thought to check the time. I was the one to call it quits first. I had a nice time, I said as Nick walked me back to my building. It was late, and there was no one else on the quiet side-street. You sound surprised. Nicks arm brushed against mine and neither of us moved away. Ill try not to be insulted. You shouldnt take it personally. Im a tough woman to please. Ive noticed. We were in front of my place now but I wasnt ready to leave Nick yet. If you wanted to do this again sometime, Id probably say yes. Thats good news for me because I need a favor. I never agreed to a favor.  I promise, its not that bad. Nick grimaced. Okay, its a little bad. But I will owe you one. Out with it. I crossed my arms and tapped my foot. I have a wedding to attend this weekend and I need a date. Nick actually looked embarrassed. If I dont bring someone, Ill spend the entire wedding answering questions about Heidi. Id rather have a root canal on every tooth than do that. I had to admit, that did sound pretty torturous. Whos getting married? An old friend. Craig. Nick gave me a hopeful look. So what do you say? You in? He didnt know it yet but I didnt have the willpower to say no to Nick. Okay. Im in. Great. Ill pick you up Friday night at 8:00. Pack a bag. A bag? For a wedding? Nicks smile was half-sheepish, half-charming. Did I forget to mention that the wedding is in Virginia? It mustve slipped your mind. I rolled my eyes. A weekend away together after one date? Do you really think that is a good idea? Charley, I have been on a dozen first dates in the last month. Friends of friends, blind dates, women I met in coffee shops. You think this is helping your cause? I asked with the raise of a skeptical eyebrow. Nick held up a halting hand. Let me finish. Ive been on a dozen first dates, but not a single second date. Those women were beautiful, sweet, smart... and completely boring. None of them challenged me- not like you. So you can be confident that Im not taking this lightly. I dont know if that makes me feel better. In fact, I could feel panic building in my chest. Nick was one of the most direct people I had ever met. You trusted me earlier and we had a wonderful evening, Nick reminded me. Im just asking you to trust me again. I promise you wont regret it. If I was a slightly more interesting person, I wouldve already had plans for the weekend. But I was a boring person who spent nearly all her time at work or at work-related events. I had no life, but now Nick Cooper was offering me one. A weekend in Virginia with a handsome, powerful man that had no problem holding my interest and claimed to be equally enamored with me. I would be a complete idiot if I said no. Okay, I agreed. Lets do it. Friday, October 9th The Daily Scandal Washingtons #1 Source for Breaking Political News and Politicians Making News Washingtons mayor, Brad Hutchinson, spoke out again today against the legalization of gay marriage. Hutchinson has long been known for his conservative approach to social issues despite being a registered Democrat. More interestingly, the distinguished mayor has also been the victim of the D.C. rumormill alleging that he is a closeted homosexual, despite being married to a woman. In other news, Senator Cooper was spotted at a bar dazzling the same mystery woman that he entertained earlier this week at a downtown hotel. This is the first time the Senator has been spotted with the same women on two separate occasions since he announced the end of his engagement. Could things be heating up between these two?  THREE You rented a beach house for the weekend? I gave the house a slow once-over while Nick got our bags out of the trunk of his car. After nearly three hours of driving, the night sky had settled in and it was hard to see much of anything. I dont really like hotels, Nick explained. Besides, why be locked up in a stuffy hotel all weekend when we can have our very own slice of paradise. Paradise? In Nowhereville, Virginia? The town was so small I hadnt even been able to find it on my phones navigation system. Scoff now but youll be eating those words in the light of day. Nick hefted the bags and led the way to the front door. And its Collinsburg, Virginia. In a matter of seconds, he had unlocked the door, dropped our bags in the hallway and turned on the lights. Nick moved around the house confidently, giving me a quick tour before carrying our bags toward the bedrooms. You sure seem to know your way around, I commented. I know the owner, he replied. You can take the master bedroom. It has a nice bathroom and a balcony facing the beach. Make yourself at home and let me know if you need anything. I hesitated at the threshold of my assigned room. Thank you, Nick. He sensed my reluctance to step inside. Whats wrong? Nothing is wrong. Things were actually right for a change. Im not really tired yet. Any chance theres something to drink in this place? Nick grinned. Its like you read my mind. Lets see what we can find. What we found was scotch, and plenty of it. We took a bottle and two glasses outside and made ourselves comfortable on the deck chairs. Water lapped gently on the shoreline somewhere in the distance and the moon was full as it began its journey through the sky. My family used to go to the beach every summer. Nick twirled the scotch in his glass as he spoke. My dad was a lawyer in a big firm and he worked way too many hours. But without fail, every August we headed to the beach, all six of us piled into the blue station wagon. Six? My parents and four kids- two boys and two girls. Youre the oldest? Is it that obvious? Nick laughed softly. Thats how I learned to be so bossy and arrogant. That explains it. The scotch burned as it coated my throat but I didnt mind. What about you? he asked hesitantly. Any siblings? One. Brother? Sister? Older? Younger? Nick probed. Brother. Younger. Nick sensed my reluctance to discuss it further but that didnt stop him. These are pretty basic questions, Charley. It shouldnt be this much of a struggle to get answers out of you. I know. He wasnt the first person to find my secretiveness unsettling. Usually I didnt care, but with Nick it was different. I wanted to tell him about my past, but I was having a hard time finding where to start. I finished my drink and held out my glass. Im going to need more if were going to continue down this path. Nick joined me in another drink, remaining quiet while I stayed lost in my head. He didnt seem to mind the silence. He wasnt one of those people that squirmed and fussed to fill the time; he just sipped his scotch and stared up at the sky. Tim was exactly one year younger than me, down to the day. Some kids wouldve hated sharing a birthday with their sibling, but I loved it. I always felt like no matter what, we would have this one day that was just ours and no one elses. Maybe thats why we were so close growing up, I dont know. But our close age also meant that we were in high school at the same time, and we ran in the same social circles. Tim was the life of every party, always clowning around. Everyone loved him. A dog barked loudly down the street and I was glad to have the distraction. It helped pull me from my revere. The problem with talking about Tim wasnt that I didnt want to talk about him- it was the opposite. I could talk about him for hours. Anyway, my senior year of high school was when everything changed. You know about the Morville Massacre, or at least you think you do. Everyone in the country was glued to their televisions that day. I was inside, watching my friends die. Nick reacted for the first time, the smallest of flinches. Charley, you dont have to talk about it if you dont want to. I want to, I said a little too urgently. Ive never been able to talk about it in the past, but now that Ive started I need to finish. Nick wisely topped off my glass and sat back again. It was a Monday, the Monday before prom and one month before graduation. Just saying those words took me all the way back to that day. People were excited. About prom and about the weather. It was the first really warm day of the year. Tim was wearing his baseball jersey because his team had a game that day. We were both in the lunchroom but we werent sitting at the same table. Tim was a couple of tables away, but close enough that I could hear him laughing. I barely noticed the first shot. It was loud in there with kids laughing and yelling and lunch trays clanging. It wasnt until the second shot when someone screamed that I realized something was wrong. Now that I was in the middle of it, I couldnt stop even if I wanted to. The words were coming out without any thought and the story told itself. The shooter, Ben Talbot, marching through the room weighed down with guns and ammunition. People bleeding and crying and screaming. Tim running over and shielding me, pushing me toward the exit when Bens back was turned. I was halfway down the hall before I realized Tim wasnt behind me. I stopped for just a second, wanting to run back for him but my body wouldnt let me. I froze- completely locked-up by fear. The next thing I knew, a SWAT guy had thrown me over his shoulder and rushed me out of the building. I was about to reach for the bottle again but noticed that we had drained it, which was probably for the best. I had already developed a decent buzz. Tim was dead- shot in the back while he got me out of the room. Twenty-four other kids died that day. I was the only one that made it out of the lunchroom alive. It had been years since I thought about any of them. Remembering Tim was emotional enough. So thats my story. Can we talk about something else now? Nick had been looking at me with that all-too-familiar look of pity that I hated. I knew that when people heard my story, they immediately saw me as a victim, someone that had been damaged by a terrible event. I never thought of myself as a victim but rather as someone who had been witness to a tragedy. Tim and those twenty-four other kids had been victims, not me. Sure. Nick was quick to snap out of the pity-party. Something you should know about tomorrows wedding. The groomsmen will be wearing kilts. All of them? I sat up in excitement. All of them. What about the groom? Im glad you asked. Craig will not be wearing a kilt.  I slapped Nicks arm. That isnt fair! Nick laughed. I think the groomsmen would agree with you. Unfortunately, they lost the poker game and the kilts were their punishment. Craig actually was going to wear one, too, but his lovely bride, Carrie, found out and quickly forbade it. The groomsmen are getting their revenge by not wearing anything under the kilts. Im just glad this isnt an outdoor wedding. Though I suppose there could still be gusts of air in the chapel. I shuddered at the thought of flapping kilts and exposed dangly bits. And you thought this would just be another boring wedding. Nicks smile was contagious. In a matter of seconds he had allowed me to leave my past and rejoin the present. I havent even told you about the brides mother yet. So I leaned back and let Nick take over the conversation. He had a soothing voice and an engaging manner that had me hanging on every word. I couldve listened to him for hours. Only my excessive yawning betrayed how tired I felt. We should turn in, Nick said when he caught me stifling a yawn. Plenty of time to chat tomorrow. He picked up our glasses and empty bottle and I reluctantly followed him inside. Whenever I did finally let myself remember what happened that day ten years ago, I had nightmares about for days. Tonight would be no exception. Im glad you agreed to come with me this weekend, Nick said as he walked me to my assigned bedroom. We stopped in front of the open door, each of us awkwardly waiting for the other to make the first move. So far my only regret is that last glass of scotch.  Nick smirked in an adorably cute way. I was just thinking my only regret was not encouraging you to have one more glass of scotch. I narrowed my eyes at him. Youre not trying to take advantage of me are you, Senator? Not yet. Nick took a small step forward and that was all the encouragement I needed in my semi-drunk state.  I grabbed the front of his shirt and twisted it in my hand, drawing him closer. His hand found the back of my neck and he guided my head toward his until our lips met in a drunken, searching kiss. He tasted like scotch and his lips were warm and inviting. Just as my body began to melt against his, Nick sighed heavily and pulled away. We shouldnt do this tonight, he said, slightly out of breath. Weve both had too much to drink. I didnt agree with him, but I nodded anyway. Protesting seemed futile at this point, not to mention that Im not the type of girl that begs guys to sleep with her. Good night then, I said, backing away reluctantly. Sweet dreams, Charley. Nick came close again, this time to kiss me on the cheek. He flashed me one last killer smile and then disappeared down the hall. An hour later I was snuggled deep beneath the covers of my temporary bed, trying in vain to fall asleep. The last few hours had dredged up a lot of feelings I hadnt allowed to the surface in a long time- fear about what happened that day ten years ago, grief over losing Tim and guilt for being the one that survived. But what kept me awake long after I had pushed those other feelings away had nothing to do with my past and had everything to do with Nick Cooper.  My last serious relationship ended two years ago, and had lasted just short of five months. Both of us had known it wasnt going to last forever and we had been more than okay with that. I had dated a few men off and on since then, none of them seriously and none of them for longer than a few dates. One thing they all had in common was that I had never opened up to any of them about my past. I had known Nick for less than a week and had let him see the darkest, most hidden parts of me. Even more concerning, I didnt regret it. I liked talking to Nick, liked being around him, and I really liked kissing him. Needless to say, I was a little disconcerted when I woke the next morning and found myself alone in the house. I did a quick check of every room but Nick was nowhere to be found. His car was still parked in front of the house so he probably hadnt gone very far. After a long, hot shower, I made myself at home and got the coffee pot brewing. I was just pouring my first cup when the back door flew open and Nick appeared, sweaty and smiling. Youre up! As are you. I tried not to stare as he lifted the bottom of his shirt to wipe sweat from his face. An undeniably fit torso taunted my wandering eyes. Morning run? No better way to start the day. He dropped his shirt back into place. I beg to differ. I lifted my coffee and took a long sip. Cant argue with that. Let me just take a quick shower and then Ill join you. The naughty Charley inside me almost said, How about I join you instead? But good Charley kept her in check and Nick left the room alone. I grew restless waiting for Nick so I took my coffee outside and strolled down to the beach. The water lapped gently against the rugged shoreline. The steady motion and gentle sound was soothing, a piece of calm in my otherwise chaotic life. I was so taken away by the moment that I didnt realize Nick had joined me until I felt his arm brush against mine.  I thought I might find you out here. His hand found mine and he gave it a soft squeeze. In khakis and a baby blue sweater that clung to the contours of his body, damp hair blowing in the breeze, Nick looked like he had stepped out of a romance novel.  Is this how you spend all your weekends? Relaxing in secluded beach houses? Not as many as I would like. Nick took the mug I was still holding and finished the last of the coffee. Lets go into town and get some breakfast. We have a long day ahead of us. We didnt have to discuss where we would eat breakfast because the town only had one small diner, located on Main Street, naturally. Nick was clearly a regular there and we were seated at his usual table in the corner. None of the other patrons seemed very impressed by the presence of the most popular senator in America eating breakfast in their local diner. After a gluttonous amount of food and several cups of coffee, we took a lazy stroll through town. Nick told me about his familys trips to the area when he was a boy. His dad would drive their old station wagon down the coast and they would stop at all the small towns along the way. One time, he actually left me at a gas station about a mile from here. Nick laughed at the memory. On purpose? It didnt sound very funny to me. No, not on purpose. He had four young kids to wrangle and he didnt realize I hadnt gotten back in the car after we stopped for a bathroom break. My older brother, Shawn, knew I was still inside but he thought it would be funny to leave me there. Nick laughed again. He always was a bit of a sociopath. What did you do when you realized they were gone?  I was ten years old- too old to start crying and too young to start panicking. So I just sat on the curb and waited for them to come back. I waited for over an hour. Your dad must have been so worried when he found out you were missing. Ive only ever seen him that upset one other time in my life. Nicks smile was gone and for the first time it occurred to me that he might be carrying a past as dark as my own. When? The word came out as barely a whisper but in that moment it might as well have been a gun shot. The day he told us that our mom was dead. Nick glanced at me and he could see the question in my eyes. He answered it without me saying a word. Suicide. I was seven at the time, so I didnt really understand what that meant. It wasnt until I was older that I realized she had chosen to leave us. And then a few years after that I understood that she had been sick in a different kind of way and her death hadnt really been a choice at all. When I looked at him, I could see that confused little boy, struggling to understand what had happened to his mother. I wanted to wrap my arms around him, wanted to take away that pain. But life doesnt come with an eraser. Instead of hugging Nick I said, Life really sucks sometimes. Sometimes it does. He paused and looked at me with an intense and indecipherable expression. But other times its pretty amazing. Is it? Nick sounded so certain, so optimistic, I wanted nothing more than to believe him. Yes. He hooked a finger through one of my belt loops and pulled me toward him. And Im going to spend the rest of the weekend proving it to you. That sounds promising. I smiled as I leaned into his warm body. You should know Im going to need a lot of convincing. Nicks arms went around me and he leaned in close enough that our noses were almost touching. Challenge accepted, Charlotte Tanner. Aware that we were still in public, both of us exercised a modicum of restraint as our lips met and our bodies pressed together. After our PG-13 moment, Nick led us across town to the beach. It was too cold for anyone to be in the water but the shore was speckled with the occasion couple having a picnic or group of friends tossing a football. We found a relatively quiet place and sat in the sand, watching the water and the people around us.  Nick did most of the talking, turning into a little boy before my eyes as he talked about his interests- travel, baseball and nerdy science fiction books. I spent a lot of time teasing him about the last one. We couldnt all be the popular kids in school, Nick replied after one of my more brutal jabs. Pretty girls like you spent your days ignoring me so I spent a lot of time with my nose in a book. I happened to like nerds back then, I said, elbowing him lightly in the ribs. I still do obviously. Obviously? He mocked hurt. Once a nerd always a nerd. Well I think weve talked enough about me. Nick dusted sand from his hands. Your turn. I was not a nerd. Thats all you really need to know. I smiled sweetly and hoped that would be enough for him. I had done my share of storytelling last night and wasnt in the mood to relive that experience. Nick wasnt going to give up that easily. Okay so if you werent a nerd, what were you? Cheerleader? Jock? Musician? I dont believe in labels. You dont have to believe in them to belong to one of them, Nick quipped lightly. Im going to take your reluctance to talk about it to mean that you were actually an even bigger nerd than me. Take it whatever way you want. The annoyance in my voice was hard to ignore but that didnt stop him. Mathlete? Nick. Let it go, okay? I dont want to play this game anymore. I attempted to stand up but Nick was quick to grab my arm and hold me in place. Charley, dont get upset. Im just trying to learn more about you. Nick kept his grip on me until he felt me relax back into the sand. We can change the topic of conversation. Books? Reality television? Bad dates? He was being so sweet and earnest that even my heart of ice began to melt. Class president, I said in defeat. And I played tennis and was a flautist in the band. I knew it, he said with a delighted laugh. Nerd! Yeah, well, takes one to know one. My annoyance had faded and I was quickly becoming aware of just how smitten I was with Nicholas Cooper.  His persistence paid off because before I knew it, I was telling stories about my childhood. He laughed heartily when I told him about the time that Tim and I ran away from home but returned an hour later because we were hungry and forgot to take food with us. We both laughed as I recalled my short-lived stint in the marching band, removed after tripping over my own feet and knocking down the school mascot. We were both reluctant to leave but the wedding was only an hour away and we still needed to change. When we stood, sand clung to our clothes and Nick helped me brush it from my pants. I was very conscious of the feeling of his hands skimming over my body. It took a lot of will-power not to jump him right there. Nick mustve agreed because he said, We could always skip the wedding. They probably wont even notice if I dont show up. I thought this was a good friend? Nick shrugged. I have other friends. Nice try, I said, grabbing his hand and tugging him away from the water. Im not going to be responsible for the end of your friendship. Youre not even going to like Craig when you meet him. Hes rich and smug. I dont even like him most of the time. Its not going to work. Were going to your friends wedding. I stopped walking and kissed Nick on the cheek. Dont worry, we still have the rest of the weekend for us. Nicks face turned serious. I really hope we have more than just this weekend. Me, too. Saturday, October 10th The Daily Scandal Washingtons #1 Source for Breaking Political News and Politicians Making News Area politicians will be spending their weekend attending the wedding of billionaire Craig Bender. Bender made his money and claim to fame on Wall Street, and had previously worked with D.C.s mayor, Brad Hutchinson. The mayor is expected to be in attendance as well as many other distinguished businessmen and politicians. A friend of Benders tells us that Senator Cooper will also be among the illustrious attendees and that it is expected he will be accompanied by the same woman he was spotted with multiple times this week. Will these two lovebirds be making their own wedding plans sometime soon?   FOUR There are a lot of rich people here. I looked around the parking lot at the other men and women that were headed toward the chapel. One gentleman looked familiar. Is that our mayor? Yes. Nick didnt sound surprise. Why is that not a big deal? Hes practically a celebrity. After I said that I realized how ridiculous it sounded. Nick himself was even more famous than the mayor. Craig and the mayor were roommates in grad school. They worked together on Wall Street for years. I would be more surprised if he wasnt here. Nick took my hand and led us into the crowd that was headed inside. Wait, I whispered loudly. Is your friend Craig Bender? The Craig Bender? The billionaire? Yes. Way to bury the lead, Cooper. I glanced around, nervously trying to determine if I fit in with rest of the attendees in my off-the-rack dress. Inside, the chapel looked like a miniature version of a royal wedding. Diamonds sparkled like stars in the night sky. We slid into a pew near the back and I leaned close to Nick. This was a bad idea, I said in a hushed tone. I dont belong here. Nicks face registered confusion. What are you talking about? Of course you belong here- youre my guest. You shouldve brought someone else, I insisted, fiddling with the hem of my midnight blue dress. Someone fancier. Prettier. Richer. Nick rolled his eyes. Fancier and richer are overrated qualities in a woman. Well, fine. Prettier then. My eye caught site of a woman that had likely been a swimsuit model at some point in her life. Nicks arm went around my shoulder and he pressed his lips to my ear. Ive never seen a more beautiful woman in my life. I was about to tell Nick that I thought he was full of shit, but the organ struck up the bridal march and there was nothing I could do but relish in the lingering warmth from his breath on my ear. By all accounts, it was a normal wedding. Not average in anyway, but normal. Unflattering bridesmaids dresses, an obviously drunk groomsman, and a beaming bride. If the brides dress hadnt cost more than my car, I couldve almost forgotten that the groom was one of the richest men in the country. The pastor gave the usual speech about marriage being the union of two people and I stifled a yawn. When the couple began to exchange their vows, Nicks arm tightened around my shoulders and his breathing quickened. It occurred to me that this was probably the first wedding he had been to since his engagement had ended. I placed what I hoped was a comforting hand on this thigh and he let out a low sigh and squeezed my shoulder. I dos were said and rings were exchanged. The whole ordeal lasted less than twenty minutes but it felt much longer. We joined the other attendees in a round of warm applause while the newly married couple swapped some spit in front of all their loved ones. The whole thing was sickeningly perfect. I wanted to check in with Nick to see how he was holding up but as soon as we stepped outside we were surrounded by people that wanted to say hello to Senator Cooper. I stood by his side and smiled politely, shaking hands and making polite conversation. Fortunately, they werent there to see me. Nearly all the conversation was directed at Nick and he responded to it in perfect political form. By the time the crowd scattered to find the nearest bar at the cocktail hour, my cheeks were sore from all the awkward smiling. That was intense, I said as we walked back to the car. Welcome to my life, Nick responded with a grimace. Everyone hates politicians until they need something. Then theyre the most popular people in the room. We drove to the reception in silence. Nick was still tense and I couldnt think of anything to say that wasnt a comment on the wedding- the very topic I was trying to avoid. Since the town was so small it only took us two minutes to drive to the reception but I was still anxious to get out of the car. Drink? Nick said as soon as we walked into the lobby. An open bar was up and running just feet from the entrance. I nodded and he took off without asking what I wanted to drink. Without Nick by my side, I felt very out of place in a crowd of people that all knew each other very well. I rocked on my heels and twisted a strand of hair between my fingers. Charley, right? We met back at the chapel. I whirled around and found a woman that looked vaguely familiar holding out a dainty hand for me to shake. Of course, I said, though I barely remembered meeting her. Diana, she said helpfully. Im friends with Craig and Nick. We went to college together. I tried to form some kind of coherent thought but words escaped me so I nodded instead. Im so glad Nick found a date to this circus. No one should have to face this alone. Diana made a face like she smelled something rotten. Plus now hell look less pathetic. So you and Nick are close? I wasnt sure yet if I liked Diana, but she certainly was honest and I could appreciate that. Sure. He introduced me to my husband, Peter. He was best man at our wedding. This time her face emoted pity. Its a shame what happened with Heidi. She really did a number on him. Hes been so pathetic since the break-up. Dating those slutty bimbos. Present company excluded, of course. Of course. My mouth suddenly felt very dry. I see youve made a friend, Nick said, handing me a drink. I ignored the remark and took a grateful sip. Beer? I took a guess. Nick continued to ignore Diana. Would you like something else? No. Beer was a good guess. I smiled and took another sip. Nick nodded, pleased that he had guesses correctly. So, Diana, have you managed to insult my date yet? Without a doubt, she replied. So far she seems less trampy than the others but she doesnt talk much. You talk enough for ten people. Nick was smiling but I could tell that he wasnt entirely joking. Wheres your husband? Shouldnt you be nagging him or bossing him around? Diana waved a dismissive hand. He can wait. I want to learn more about your lady friend. Not now, Dee. Nick was done with the friendly banter. Whats up your ass, Coop? she asked with flashing eyes. Nick placed his hand on the small of my back as he squared off against his friend. I like this one and Im not going to let you scare her away. Huh. Dianas head tilted as she studied Nick. So you do. Good. Im sure Ill like her, too. Two people who like me in one room? I guess there really is a first time for everything. I almost cringed at the amount of sass in my tone but Diana laughed. You and I are going to be good friends. She winked and toddled away on her impossibly high heels. I apologize for everything she said, which Im sure was crass and rude. Nick shook his head as he watched her leave. Dont worry about it. I kind of like her. So far she was the only person that had even bothered to talk to me. When I looked at Nick, he jaw was clenched. How are you doing? Nick looked away. Just dandy. I love weddings. Salt in an open wound? I asked as nonchalantly as possible. Something like that. Nick flinched and turned back to me. Charley, Im sorry. I had no idea this wedding was going to bother me so much. I thought I was over everything that happened with Heidi. Nick, dont worry about it. I touched his arm. Can I do anything to make it better? A slow smile appeared. Im sure you can. Ill let you know. This time I gave into the urge to hug him and he returned my embrace enthusiastically. His hands stroked my back as he exhaled into my neck. For the record, just being with you helps. Ditto. Nick went to get us another drink while I made my way into the ballroom to find our seats. According to the place card I was handed at the door, we were sitting at table 8. The other seats at the table were already filled and nobody looked in my direction as I stood behind the two remaining seats. After a pregnant pause, I slipped into my seat as quietly as possible. I agree, Alexa. No one thought he would actually attend. After what happened with his engagement, he must be mortified. The skinny woman across from me was talking loudly to the woman on her left, presumably Alexa. Alexa spoke equally loud. Oh, yes, Talia. It was terrible what happened. We all agree about that. But I think we all can also agree that he wasnt completely innocent in the whole thing. What do you know? Talia leaned so far forward in her seat that she nearly slid right off it. Well, mostly its just gossip. But Katies sister Betsy worked with some woman that was supposedly sleeping with the senator for years. Im sure Heidi knew about it, too. Everyone knew about it. It took me that long to realize they were talking about Nick. I didnt want to hear any more gossip from women who couldnt even be bothered to acknowledge my existence.  Its a shame Nick couldnt keep his pants on. Their wedding wouldve been lovely. I opened my mouth to interrupt them but someone beat me to it. I see weve been seated with my fan club, Nick said smoothly, placing our drinks on the table with a loud thud that caused the others to look in our direction at last. He took his seat next to me, his knee bumping against mine. Nick. Alexa turned a bright shade of pink. I take it youve introduced yourself to my date? Nick took my hand. Charley, these are some catty women that know Carrie. Its a pleasure Im sure. I didnt even glance in their direction. Lets hope the food is better than the company. I dont see how it could possibly be any worse. No one spoke a word throughout dinner. Nick and I maintained our stern expressions in the interest of making the others uncomfortable, all the while engaging in excessive groping underneath the table. Nicks hand was all the way up my thigh when they announced that the dancing would begin in five minutes. Nick and I groaned at the same time and his hand resumed its journey. I stopped him just as his finger traced the edge of my panties. Come with me, I urged, rising out of my chair. Nick was startled but her recovered quickly and followed me across the room. Since the reception location was really just an old mansion, I assumed there were plenty of rooms we could duck into to release some sexual tension. I led Nick up the stairs and he stopped me once we were on the second floor. I appreciate the enthusiasm but we dont have to do this. We could just go back to the house. Nicks cheeks were flushed and he sounded slightly out of breath.  I didnt give him a chance to recover. Instead, I grabbed the lapels of his suit jacket and pulled him close. Why wait? I asked pressing my lips eagerly against his and forcing my tongue inside. Nick responded by lifting me against him and backing me up until I was pinned against the wall. One hand caressed the side of my neck while the other slipped below the hem of my dress. I lifted my leg and wrapped it around Nick until we were pressed together, his bulge against my sweet spot with just layers of fabric in the way. Lets find a room, Nick panted. He pulled away reluctantly and opened the door to the first room on the left. We had both stepped all the way into the room and closed the door before we realized we werent alone. In fact, the groom was standing next to the bed, caught quite literally with his pants down. Shit, Craig. Sorry, we thought the room was empty. Nick started to back us out of the room. Nick. Craig reached for his pants and lost his balance. He caught himself before falling but not before taking a couple of steps to the right, revealing the reason why he was in the bedroom with his pants around his ankles. Mayor Hutchinson stared at us from his seat on the bed. Shit, Nick said again while I stood dumbly with my mouth hanging open. This isnt what it looks like. Craig hurried to fasten his pants. Nick, its not what you think. I swear. Nick shook his head several times as if he could clear the image from his brain. We were just leaving. Were sorry, I echoed lamely as I hurried to follow Nick. I caught up with him in the lobby downstairs. Nick. Stop. I cant talk about this right now, Charley. When Nick turned around his eyes were wide and his hands were shaking. I think you have to, Nick. You cant ignore what we just saw. I noticed that several people milling around in the lobby were watching us. Lets go outside. Nick charged ahead of me and we walked around the building until we were out of earshot of any eavesdroppers.  You need to talk to Craig and let him explain. Maybe it really wasnt what we think. I knew my protest sounded silly but the situation was too ridiculous to be true. Craig was upstairs in a bedroom with his pants around his ankles during his wedding reception with someone that wasnt his wife. With someone that isnt even female. Hes a cheater and a liar. Nick gave me a skeptical look. What else could that have been? I dont know. Thats why you need to talk to him. Nick. Craig appeared, looking utterly distraught. We need to talk, man. Nick glared at him. Not now, Craig. Nick, you have to let me explain. What could you possibly need to explain? Its pretty obvious youre cheating on your wife with Brad. Nick continued to stare down his friend. Am I wrong? Craig sighed. No, youre not wrong. Im going to go back inside and let you two talk, I said, backing away slowly. Nick still looked pissed but at least he wasnt yelling anymore. Thanks. Craig shot me a grateful look. My first stop was the bar where I ordered two drinks. After finishing one right there, I took the other and found a quiet corner of the ballroom where I could watch people dance around like chickens. I was aware that some people were watching me, wondering where Nick had gone and why I was sitting in a corner drinking alone. I could practically hear the rumors swirling in the air. At least a half-dozen songs played while I waited for Nick and when he finally approached my table he looked defeated. I stood up before he could speak and asked. Do you want to go? Yes, but not yet. If we leave now it might seem odd. Nick held out his hand. Dance with me? Yeah, okay. We found a relatively clear spot on the floor and Nick took the lead. He was a surprisingly smooth dancer. So how did it go? I kept my voice as low as I could while still being heard over the music. Pretty much exactly how you would expect. He admitted the whole thing. Its not like he couldve denied it. So whats the whole story? How long has it been going on? Ten years. Can you believe it? Nick scoffed. Hes been lying to me and everyone else for ten years. Why lie? Was he just afraid to come out? Craig wasnt, but Brad was. He thought it would ruin his chances of a political career. So Craig agreed to keep it on the down low. He thought that Brad would eventually come around, but once he was elected mayor and then married his wife, it was pretty clear Brad expected him to keep up the ruse. But why did Craig get married? What is the point of this whole charade? Apparently there were rumors. Nothing that was substantiated, but enough that Brad was starting get nervous. Even marrying his wife didnt seem to help so he ended the relationship. Craig was in a downward spiral when he met Carrie. She helped him put his life back together. He said that he loves her. Not romantically, but he still loves her. Does she know? I glanced over Nicks shoulder to where Carrie was dancing with her father and felt a wave of sympathy for the poor girl. Not a clue. Craig wants to keep it that way. Nick looked equally bothered by the situation. Plus apparently Craigs new marital status is a big turn on for Brad. Is it weird that the kilts ended up being the most normal part of this wedding? Nick managed a small smile. I couldve predicted that. So not that Im complaining, but how much time to we need to serve before we can leave without drawing attention? As much as I was enjoying being in Nicks arms, the wedding had become a perverse form of torture. Nick studied me carefully and his arm tightened around my waist. We should probably finish the song. We should. I ran my fingers up the back of his neck and pulled his head down, kissing him forcefully. Nick pulled back and cleared his throat. Youre right. Lets go. We were both anxious to forget everything and resume our original quest for an empty bedroom. Fortunately, back at the house we had plenty of options. The second the front door closed behind us we were on each other, kissing and grinding like horny teenagers. I stripped away Nicks jacket and tie, throwing them carelessly across the room. Nick unzipped my dress slowly and slid his fingers beneath the shoulder straps to slide it from my body. I stepped out of the silky fabric and kicked it away. We stumbled down the hall together, our bodies entwined. My room was the closest bedroom, and we burst into the room in a storm of heat and passion. Nicks hands explored my body as I pushed against him. We carried on this way for some time as he acquainted himself with my topography. He unhooked my bra and I felt a surge of heat as his mouth fastened on my breast. I slipped my hand down the fly of his pants, brushing my hand against the bulge inside. His hands went over my breasts, caressing and teasing gently, and his mouth trailed after his hands. Before I knew it, his pants and shirt were off and my panties quickly followed. This time when I reached for him, there was no fabric in the way and I was able to grab his penis firmly in my hand. He was fully erect and he moaned eagerly at my touch.  Nick lifted me in his arms, our skin caressing each other teasingly, and laid me down on the bed. He hovered over me for a second and I took the opportunity to appreciate his strong, solid body. Then he lowered himself and his long, warm body pressed full-length against mine as we kissed over and over in a heated frenzy. His fingers probed me, fluttering hard against my nub in a way that made me press harder against him. He stroked a finger in and out, spreading the wetness that was building inside. When he was satisfied that I was ready, Nick pulled back briefly to slip a condom into place and then looked me in the eye until I nodded. He pressed against me again, making a hungry noise as he slid inside me easily. My fingers dug hard into the muscles of his arms and he pushed as deep inside of me as he could get. Then he pulled out, nearly all the way until I let out a gasp of protest. This time he pushed hard into me and his rhythm picked up, faster and faster until I wasnt sure I could keep up. I spread my legs wider, allowing Nick to go even deeper and I could feel the climax building within. It came quickly, a sudden wave of heat and pleasure as I rippled around him. Nick had been waiting for me and with one last thrust released inside me, one violent shudder before collapsing on top of me. Neither of us moved nor spoke for a long time. Nick was heavy, but I enjoyed the feeling of his body pressing down on me. He was warm and solid and I felt safe. I ran my fingers up and down the soft skin on his back and marveled at how comfortable I felt with this man I had known for less than a week. Eventually Nick rolled off of me but he didnt go far. Propped on his side, he trailed a hand over the bare skin on my stomach. Thanks, Charley. For the sex? I laughed and poked him in the ribs. Youre welcome. No, thats not what I meant. I pretended to be offended. So the sex wasnt thanks worthy? I figured the orgasm I gave you would be thanks enough, Nick joked. What I meant to say was thanks for coming with me this weekend. I see. I turned on my side until our faces were inches apart on the pillow. I had a nice time, despite what happened at the wedding. Thanks for inviting me. So no regrets then? Nicks hand was still stroking my body and his hand was closing in on my breast. No regrets, Nick. Not with you. As our bodies came together again I knew that I was right where I was supposed to be. Sunday, October 11th The Daily Scandal Washingtons #1 Source for Breaking Political News and Politicians Making News Senator Cooper has made things official with his mystery woman, whom the Daily Scandal has learned is Charley Tanner, a local non-profit employee. The two of them were spotted getting quite friendly at Craig Benders wedding. Sources tell Scandal that Cooper was also spotted outside having a heated argument with Bender while wedding guests danced on obliviously inside. No one was able to confirm the reason for the argument, but Cooper left shortly afterward with his new lady on his arm. Miss Tanner is infamous in her own right for being the lone survivor of the Morville Massacre. Sadly, she lost a younger brother during the shooting but it seems things may be turning around for her. For her sake, lets hope that Senator Cooper finds a way to keep his woman happy. With rumors floating that the Senators ex-fiance is carrying his child, it seems his new relationship is doomed from the start. 