


It was 11:30am, Joshua was preparing lunch for Ruth. The last six months had been rough on Joshua. When the doctors said that they could do nothing else for Ruth, Joshua had mixed emotions. On one hand he was very sad, but on the other hand he was relieved that Ruth's suffering would soon be over. Joshua hated feeling that way, but he hated seeing his life-long mate suffer even more.

Joshua finished preparing lunch and looked at the clock. It was time for the Minhah, the afternoon prayer. Every day, for as long as he could remember, Joshua had prayed three times a day. "It's been a Jewish custom since Moses led the Hebrews out of Egypt," Joshua's father had told him when he was a child.

Joshua went to the bedroom to look in on Ruth. She was sleeping peacefully. Joshua left the bedroom door opened when he went into the living room to pray. This was his way of having Ruth with him during prayer. In the corner of the living room sat the most important thing in the little house, a simple shrine with seven candles, an incense burner and a bowl that held bread at worship time.

Joshua put some unleavened bread in the bowl. He lit the incense and filled the house with a sweet aroma. Then, after putting on a white shawl with blue stripes on the edges around his shoulders, Joshua knelt in front of the shrine. Picking up a lighter with a long stem, he started lighting the seven candles. For every candle he lit, Joshua would recite a line of a prayer in Hebrew.

"Hear me oh Israel," he began. "The Lord our God, the Lord is one. Praised be His glorious name forever and ever." In the bedroom Ruth awoke. When she heard Joshua praying she smiled. "The Minhah," Ruth said to herself. The she silently joined in the prayer with Joshua.

"In thy protection, oh God, I put my trust," they said together. "Unto thee I commit my spirit and my body. Thou art with me. I shell not fear. Amen."

After reciting the prayer, Joshua continued to kneel in silence for a couple of minutes. After the Minhah was over, Joshua extinguished the candles, but left the incense burning. He then stood up, took off the shawl and returned to the kitchen to retrieve the lunch that had been prepared for Ruth.

Ruth was sitting up when Joshua brought the tray of food into the bedroom. "Ah, Missy you're awake," Joshua said with a smile. He had called Ruth Missy from the first day they met.

"What have we got to eat today? " Ruth asked.

"Mashed potatoes and tomato soup," Joshua answered as he placed the tray across Ruth's lap.

"Great!" Ruth said in a sarcastic tone.

Joshua laughed as he scooped up a spoonful of mashed potatoes. "Now open up Missy," he said as he presented the food to Ruth.

"I can feed myself Joshua. I'm not that disabled yet," Ruth said.

"I know, but it turns me on when I feed you," Joshua commented with a sly smile.

Ruth laughed and opened her mouth. After she took a bite she told Joshua, "You silly old fool."

After the lunch was finished, Joshua put the tray aside. He helped Ruth lay back down and pulled the cover around her body. Ruth grabbed Joshua's hand. "Quit fussing over me. I'm going to be alright."

"I know," Joshua said as he squeezed Ruth's hand. Ruth pulled Joshua's hand close to her and kissed it.

"Do you remember the first time we met?" Ruth asked.

"Well...let's see," Joshua answered. "Was it in the forties or maybe the thirties?"

"Oh you old fool!" exclaimed Ruth. "We're not that old. You know it was in fifty-five."

Joshua laughed. "Yes it was fifty-five. At that dance your parents gave for your sister."

"That's right," Ruth said. "They were trying to find someone to marry her off to."

"That was the reason they invited me," Joshua said. "But I was more interested in her sister."

"You kept asking me to dance every dance," Ruth said with a smile looking into space. "My feet never hurt so much."

Both laughed. "I got better," Joshua said.

"Yeah with my help," said Ruth.

"You were the best teacher a boy could have," Joshua replied. "And the most beautiful."

"Oh, go on you," Ruth said. Her cheeks flushed red.

Both Ruth and Joshua became silence for a few minutes, lost in their thoughts. They were still holding hands and every so often one would squeeze the other's hand.

"We danced quite a lot over the years didn't we?" Ruth asked breaking the silence.

"Yes we did," answered Joshua. "Each one better than the last."

"I wish we could dance one last time," Ruth said sadly.

"Maybe we can," Joshua said.

"What are you talking about?" Ruth asked. "You know I can't stand much less dance."

"I can talk you through it," answered Joshua.

"What do you mean?"

Joshua kissed Ruth's hand. "Close your eyes and follow my lead. We are at a grand ball. I see you across the room and go to you. I bow slightly and offer my hand. Missy, may I have this dance."

"I give you my hand," Ruth said with her eyes still closed. "Why of course good sir. I curtsy."

"I lead you by the hand onto the dance floor," Joshua said.

"I follow, knowing that I am the envy of every girl there."

"Once on the dance floor," Joshua continued. "I take your left hand with my right and place my left hand on your waist."

"I put my right arm around you and stare into your eyes," said Ruth.

"The music starts," Joshua continued. "We start in time with the music. 1-2-3 we glide across the floor, 1-2-3."

"I reach in for a kiss," Ruth said.

"But, I dip you," Joshua said with a smile.

"Oh you," Ruth said. "But when I come up we share a kiss."

"After the kiss, we continue our dance," Joshua said. "1-2-3 we glide. 1-2-3."

"All eyes are on us," Ruth said taking over. "1-2-3 we glide. 1-2-3."

"We are the only ones on the dance floor now," Joshua said taking back over. "1-2-3 we glide."

"The music comes to an end," Ruth said.

"Everyone at the ball clap for us," Joshua said.

"You take a bow and I curtsy," Ruth said.

"I take your arm and lead you off the dance floor," Joshua said.

"Thank you for this last dance sir," Ruth told Joshua.

Joshua felt Ruth's grip loosen and then her hand dropped from his. He said a soft, "No." Tears start to flow down his cheeks. He put Ruth's hand across her chest and slowly brushes her cheek with his hand. "Thank you Missy for this one last dance," Joshua said sadly as he gently kissed her for the last time.






