



At 5 o’clock, Samson Oceanfront Park receives a visit from three women donning cover-up dresses. They journey by way of the Belmont Hotel on Collins Avenue, each carrying something for their evening of frivolity. The two traveling ahead heave a red cooler. Mary, the taller of the two, is a brunette with long hair. Jill sports short blond hair to match her stature though she outdistances her friend in girth and chest size. Barbara, the straggler and redhead of the group, brings up the rear pushing a dolly containing three chairs. They trudge to the back and cross a wooden bridge leading out onto the sand of Sunny Isles Beach. Each gives a shiver of excitement as their Florida sun embraces them tighter than a new lover. A smile spreads across each face as they move slower across the warm sand and make their way to their destination: a small tent Albert, a hotel employee, constructed for them. Jill, knowing he crushes on Barbara, feels a brief pain of regret over her manipulation after she sees the lengths he has gone to. She will have to make good on her promise to unite them though she detests her redheaded frenemy.

Mary and Jill enter the tent; each pulls items from their pockets. “Jilly, what did you bring to drink? Tell me you brought the Merlot and not that god-awful Schnapps. You know I hate drinking that stuff.” Mary gives a stern look to her friend.

Jill mashes her face and rolls her eyes. “You will drink anything put under your happy little nose and you know it.” She huffs then adds to please her friend, “no, Mare, I didn’t bring the Schnapps.” She pulls a bottle of Paumanok Vintage Merlot from the cooler.

“Not bad,” says Barbara, standing in the doorway of the tent. “Where did you get that?”

“Well, Miss Backboard,” says Jill with a coy smile, “I have skills that you haven’t seen yet.”

“Don’t worry, Miss Boulderdash, I can see your skills from here. And by the way, your skills only work half the time, given your track record.” A broad grin spreads across Barbara’s face. She bats her eyes with the innocence of youth at her nemesis.

“All right you two; we’re here to unwind from a long day. You’ve got the whole Atlantic to work off your stress.” Mary winks as she passes Barbara.

Barbara smiles and follows Mary. Jill clenches her fists. Mary belongs to her, not the slut queen. She dare not leave them alone so she skulks behind with a tight smile to assist unfolding the chairs. The three women sit outside their tent drinking Merlot from plastic cups with the hotel’s logo on them. This beach has an odor of seaweed much stronger than other beaches they love like Hollywood. But here, the waves are smaller. You can swim out to buoys that are far out in the Atlantic Ocean. After a few drinks the smell floats off with their cares as the sun warms their skin.

“Mary, did you pack sandwiches?” asks Barbara who wants something in her stomach besides the wine.

“No, Barb. I forgot. I’m sorry, I always forget about eating. Next time remind me, will you?” Mary’s face fell with Barbara’s.

Jill stands and removes her dress. Beneath, she wears a sexy red two-piece bathing suit. “Come on, Mare. Let’s go for a swim before we drink too much.”

Mary stares at Jill’s huge breasts straining against the tiny shoelace she calls a top. “Girl, if you get in the water like that, I know those boulders are going to fly every which way but loose.” Mary laughs, giving Barbara freedom to burst.

“Fuck both you bitches. I’m hot to trot and loving it.” She turns and sashays to the water.

“Jilly, I’m sorry. Wait, Jilly. I’m coming.” Mary flingss her cover-up over her head and races to catch her friend. Mary’s conservative dark blue one-piece suit is similar to what swimmers wear at their swim meets. She catches up to Jill. Together, they enter the water.

Barbara sips her drink watching the women swim. Instead of swimming out to the buoys, they swim parallel to the shoreline. They swim fifty yards, stand, then swim back in the opposite direction. After two laps they return to dry off and down more liquor. “How was the water?” asks Barbara.

“Comfortable,” says Jill. “You should have joined us.” The smile that doesn’t quite reach her eyes says she doesn’t mean it.

“Maybe next time,” says Barbara. She finishes her drink and pours another.

The women drink, people watch, and discuss their workday. As the sun sets, they finish their bottle of Merlot and start in on the wine coolers Barbara liberated from the hotel’s restaurant; the bartender is a playmate of hers.

After downing the wine coolers, Mary’s face breaks into a wide grin. “Let’s go to Ladies Night tonight and rack up on the freebies.”

“Yeah,” says Barbara, “I’m down for that.”

“They don’t allow hooker dresses, Barb. I guess you will have to stay home tonight.” Alcohol loosens Jill’s already freed tongue.

Barbara’s face contorts then brightens a rosy red. “I guess half your friends won’t be able to make it, will they?”

“Quiet you two, let’s go party!” Mary begins packing so they can enjoy the rest of the night.





# # #





Robert Austin Tyler wears a black three-piece suit. He stands on a balcony above the New York Stock Exchange. He looks down at the floor of the exchange watching people run around like mice in a maze chasing cheese. He scans the chaos trying to find his broker. Robert Tyler grew up in the projects, dirt poor. Standing six feet tall and thin, it is easy to assume he has and uses his gym membership. Robert checks his watch then scans the crowd for his broker, Jerry Carpenter. His heartbeat slows as he fastens on to a man behind a desk eyeing a computer screen.

Jerry Carpenter wears a white shirt with a blue tie and black slacks. He runs a hand through short, sandy hair. Jerry, stands two inches shy of six feet. He studied accounting and business management, determined to be a young tycoon by 30. Jerry looks up from his computer screen to see Robert staring down at him. Jerry takes out his cell phone. “Hey, what’s up? You look worried?”

“There’s only one hour left,” says Robert.

“I need to wait a few more minutes. Trust me.”

“Trust you? That’s my money you’re gambling.”

“Rob, man, I got this. I’m watching the numbers and they’re almost there. Don’t forget why you hired me. This is my brilliant system, it hasn’t failed us yet.”

“All right, Jerr, I am counting on you.” Robert continues to stalk the rail watching Jerry. If this fails, many investment projects will go south in a heartbeat.

Jerry gives a “thumb’s up” to a stone wall.

Robert slides his damp hands against his suit before checking his watch for the millionth time, then paces the small area. After a few more minutes, he sees Jerry put on a red jacket and grab a plaque with a set of numbers on it heading toward the pit. Jerry maneuvers past shouting brokers to the ticker board. He holds up his number and yells, “Buy, Buy, Buy.” A frenzy erupts with plaques and hands waving frantically. Jerry gets out of the pit and races back to his computer to tally his haul. He leaps from his chair, “Yes!” He picks up the phone, “one and half million profit my friend, Yee Haw!”

“Fantastic! I never doubted you for an instant,” says Robert. “Tonight the drinks are on me, partner.”

“Give me half an hour to wrap up.”

“I’ll be at Billy’s,” says Robert. “You’re a genius, buddy.”

“Thanks for the compliment, kind sir,” Jerry stands and mockingly bows toward Robert, “I aim to please. See you in a few.”

Robert walks to the elevator and out of the building. He flags a taxi to the airport. He orders a whiskey sour at Billy’s Watering Hole before sitting to eat stale pretzels.

Jerry arrives an hour later. “Hey, order me one too; I got to go take a leak.” He returns to gulp his drink in one swallow. “Ahh that hit the spot. What time is our flight?”

Robert reaches into his vest pocket and hands Jerry a ticket. “Forty-five minutes, you ready?”

“Damn, you didn’t waste any time did you?”

“I’m anxious to get out of here.”

They climb to their feet to sit among jabbering passengers in uncomfortable chairs. “Taking out fees and taxes, we cleared $1.1 million and change. If we come back in 10 days then another 10 days we can clear more than $3 million in 1 month. I told all those assholes my plan would work, but no, none of those pricks would fund me and take the chance. You know what? I think I will write a book. How is this for a title, How to Shaft Wall Street in 30 Days or Less?” Jerry laughs as they rise to approach the counter for check-in.

“All right, Mr. Stock Exchange; let’s not get too big of a head. You never know when somebody might decide to use it as a punching bag. We will wait 20 days and then go back with double the money.”

“Yes!” Jerry shouts into the crowd of people. “Now you are talking my language.”

“Which account did you wire the money into?” Robert asks.

“First National, like you told me this morning, before the exchange opened. I still think the Cayman Islands would have been better.”

They board the first class section of the plane, order champagne, and enjoy their flight back home to Miami, Florida.





 2: Lioness





Mary decides to go to the Heinekens’ nightclub and enjoy ladies’ night with her girls. Mary is five feet eight inches tall and thin as a rail. She always jokes with her girls that the biggest part of her body is her D cups. She hates them and wears clothing to hide their true might. Tonight she wears straight-legged blue jeans pants and an oversized blue t-shirt she ties in a knot at her waist. She rounds out her outfit with four-inch turquoise heels. Mary sits at a table with Jill and Barbara. The music coming from the live band rattles their small table. “Oh god, I will be so glad when they get off the stage.” Mary says, grasping her drink threatening to spill over the table.

“Yeah, they are just awful,” echoes Jill. “Look at how bad this poor little table is shaking, poor baby, good thing you don’t have eardrums.” The drunken girl slurs her speech as she rubs the table.

“Aw, there there wuttle baby,” Barbara jokingly says as she strokes the table to calm it further. Barbara laughs with them then turns a drunken eye to the server. “Hey, you, I need another drank over here.”

“You’ve had enough to drink,” says Mary. “Why don’t you get on the dance floor and shake some of that alcohol out of your fat ass.”

Barbara flicks her long red hair at Mary and pushes from the table. “You are just jealous that you can’t shake like this.” Barbara turns and bends. She puts her hands on the floor, lifts her load high in the air and shakes and jiggles for all she’s worth.

Jill casts a hand to her eyes as if blinded. “Oh, Lord Jesus! Stop, girl, stop. You moon me one more time and I swear I am going to kick your potholed ass out of here.” Jill and Mary laugh, but Barbara doesn’t care, she stands and continues to shimmy in front of them.

Two protrusions appear in Barbara’s extra-tight white Playboy top. Her homemade blue jean cutoffs sport big diamond-shaped slits cut out in the back to reveal her large backside. With the small shorts, her cheeks shine through whether she stands are moves. With her jiggling about, everything is in motion and it is only a matter of time before something flies from its orbit.

With further protests, Barbara Limbaugh stops gyrating and turns to face them. “Jilly Jill is a Jealous Pill. I guess I will go and find myself a real Dill.” She shows her middle finger to Jill.

Mary watches Barbara stagger to the dance floor and with a short shake, the universe is once again in motion. Moments later, a white man with short, spiky, black hair and a tee dyed T-shirt falls into her captivating orbit. Mary turns to Jill, “well, I guess there’s someone for everyone, but do you really want someone like that?”

“Oh, Mary, girl you are being a prude again. Take off their clothes, turn out the lights, and they are all the same. Just pray that he can work it, girl.”

Jillian Thomas is five feet five inches tall with short blond hair. She believes because she is the largest of her group of friends that she is indeed fat. Reinforced from her school days, when the school kids would always call her “the big one.” People have always let her down and like Mary, she counts on no one and has faith in no one.

Mary decides to change the subject, “How is Bert doing?”

“He hasn’t brought up marriage again if that’s what you’re wondering.”

“It’s been a year. Maybe you should bring it up.”

“No. He loves me and I will wait for him to bring it up again. I still have the ring, that’s enough for now.” Jill twists the ring on her finger. The girls met at Mary’s first job interview at Denny’s. The two young women ended up working the night shift together. Six months later, they were sharing their first apartment. Neither knew anything about being on their own, so it did not last long. They fought over money and chores, believing that if they were out of their parents’ homes, they would not have those responsibilities. Wrong! After returning home for six months they decided to forgive each other and try it again. That time it lasted for four years. A distant smile crosses Jill’s lips then fades. Knowing Mary left to give them more privacy, she cannot afford to have Bert Harper mad at her.

“Why do you think he hasn’t gone further?”

“He knows my past,” says Jill. “He knows I have been with girls so it can’t be that.” She absently rubs her girth. “I guess I will just wait a little while longer and see.”

Mary looks back over at Barbara dancing. “Let’s do something useful and protect that idiot.”

“Not me, I’m going to sit here and drink and wallow in self-pity. You go ahead and have fun, Miss Save-a-hoe.”

Mary ventures to the dance floor. She starts dancing with Barbara—to pull her away from the groping, spike-haired freak. Barbara shoves her to the side and continues to dance with the man. Barbara’s face lights when a slow song plays. Barbara’s body type is medium and she is two years older than her friends and an inch taller than Jill. She ignores Mary and anyone else who cares to watch her grind on her latest conquest. Mary sighs; she returns to the table and orders another drink. “She is on her own tonight, let’s get drunk.”

“All right,” thunders Jill.

Mary drinks, but still keeps an eye on Barbara. Her heart catches when the man lowers his hands from Barbara’s waist to her firmness. The man squeezes and Barbara giggles with excitement. Mary watches, but she and Jill keep drinking. Tonight is the night for swaying in your seat and knocking back drinks.

Jill watches the amorous couple as Mary gets up to go to the bathroom. “Don’t worry I got my good eye on those bitches. Go take a dump or piss or whatever the fuck you got to do, girl. I got this shit here.” Jill’s Montgomery accent returns as she slurs her words. Mary hates to hear it coming back, it is always an indication of Jill’s drunkenness.

“Don’t get your drunk ass up; I’ll be back in five.” Mary goes to the bathroom. When she makes it back out to her seat, pure shock slaps her in the face. “What the fuck?” Jill leans back in her chair with her mouth wide open. Has she passed out? She wears a matching red blouse and skirt. The red blouse is open. A grubby looking man massages and suckles her left breast. Jill strokes the man’s head and Mary can hear her saying, “good boy.” Jill moans.

Mary shakes her head in disgust and under her breath says, “you drunk ass bitch, let me go find Barbara. I will deal with your ass later.” Mary stomps off in search of Barbara and the spike-haired freak of her dreams. She scans the floor and the tables before deciding to check the bathroom. The room is empty, but she hears noises from one of the stalls. Mary drops to her hands and knees and takes a look. She sees two pairs of feet and gets up and rushes to the stall door and opens it. A couple is having sex doggy style in the stall with the man’s back to the door. Mary sees his hairy ass first and then his spiked hair and knows she has the right couple. “Get the fuck off her, you Motherfucker!” The man stops and turns just in time to move as Mary flings her shoe at his head. In a drunken stagger, he shoves past her and stumbles his half-naked frame out the door, trying to run and pull his pants up at the same time. Mary lets out an ear-piercing scream and chases after the man. Once inside the main room, she picks up glasses from different tables to rifle at the dodging half-naked man.

Robert and Jerry are upstairs at a booth table near the edge of the second floor. They turn with others to witness the commotion.

Mary continues to cuss the man while throwing anything she can get her hands on, including her other shoe. “You Motherfucker! How dare you take advantage of my friend?” she shrieks in pursuit of vengeance.

Jerry, from up above, says, “Damn man, that is one crazy ass bitch. Security needs to hurry up and get her ass before she kills that poor bastard.”

Robert says, “Here they come.” He starts laughing and pours some more champagne from the bottle.

Security stops Mary. They block her so she can’t follow the man so he runs out of the club. “That bastard was in the ladies’ bathroom fucking my friend!”

“Look here, lady. You can’t just chase somebody throwing sharp objects at them. Did you even bother checking to see if you hurt anybody?” Security asks her.

“What about my fucking friend, do you give a damn about her! Let me go. I have to go see if she is all right.”

“Hold it, ma'am, you are not going anywhere. As soon as we stabilize this place, you’re going to jail,” says the other security officer.

Mary starts moving, trying to pull loose from the men. “What the fuck did I do? You need to go after that bastard. Shit! God damn it! Let me go!” Mary screams and twists trying to break loose from their tight grip.

One security guard turns to the other and says, “Hey, Ronnie man, take her to the bathroom. Maybe it will calm her down. I will get everybody together and check on the injured.”

Robert watches the guard escort Mary to the ladies’ bathroom. As they pass a table, Mary grabs a bottle and keeps walking. When they near Mary’s table, she views the grungy fat bastard still pawing at her best friend. As they pass by the table, she wallops the man over the head with the bottle, shattering it. Robert looks at Jerry and both laugh until they can’t laugh anymore.

The grungy man falls to the floor. The security guard grabs Mary, “god damn you crazy ass bitch. You better hope he’s not dead!” Instead of taking her to the bathroom, he handcuffs her and marches her to the security office.

Mary twists and turns the whole way to the office. “Let me go you bastard. I have to go check on my friends. Let me go, you fucking bastard!”

“Shut the fuck up.” He places her in their holding area and calls the police. “The only place you are going is to jail. Shut the fuck up and wait for the police to get here.”

Mary screams, “I’ll get you for this! I swear I’ll get you.”

The guard drops the phone. He walks over to her and pulls out his stun gun. He says as calmly as he can, “you best try to sleep it off. Give me anymore trouble and I’ll make you dance.” He waves the stun gun before Mary’s bulging eyes.

Mary wants to argue but the gun cuts her voice short. She sits straighter, calmer, electing to listen to the guard’s conversation with the police. The man leaves the room, afterward. Before long, the quiet induces a restful sleep.





Later in the night the police arrive to claim Mary. The security guards repeat their story then point to the slumped woman.

The police shake Mary. “Hey, wake up.”

Mary’s eyes flutter open. She views them through a haze. She wipes the slobber from her mouth and says, “wh-what do you want?”

The officer asks, “What is your name, Ma'am?”

“Mary Lake.” She wipes her hands in her hair, and pulls back her dark hair so they can see her face. She is not a troublemaker and damn well will prove it.

“Miss Lake, you are being arrested for drunk and disorderly. As well as—”

“I’m in a bar, you know, rowdy bar.”

“Ma'am, you were seen by all the patrons of this establishment throwing glasses and other items at a man that you were chasing.”

“I had good cause; he was attacking my friend—raping her.” Mary’s brows rise as blood rushes to fill her face.

The two officers look at each other and then at the security guard. The guard shakes his head. “Ma'am, no rape has been filed or even reported. We escorted your friends home. We have statements from over 100 people that you are responsible for this entire incident. Please stand up so I can read you your rights.”

“I’m not doing anything, leave me alone.”

The two police officers wrestle her to her feet. One reads her the Miranda rights and they take her out. A handcuffed Mary thrashes in front of the remaining patrons of the club who hoot and holler. She stops resisting, holding her head high in celebration.

Later, Mary steps into a large holding cell with fifty other women at a downtown facility. She sits on a bench with three prostitutes. She leans against a dirty wall. Halfway between exhilaration and defeat, sleep takes her.





 3: Court





The next day guards place a chain between Mary’s legs and lead her to the courtroom. After unchaining from the others, she sits in a small room off the courtroom. After hearing her name, she trudges to the judge’s bench dragging the chain between her legs. She stands with a public defender in front of Judge Clark and listens to the charges against her.

“Not Guilty.” The words quiver on her lips.

Her attorney blusters, “Your honor we have reached a plea deal with the prosecution and my client is ready to change her plea.” He hands the judge a piece of paper.

The Judge leans forward, raising his spectacles. “Young lady, your attorney has offered a plea arrangement, are you in agreement with the terms?”

“Yes, sir.”

“This court does not have to agree with the prosecution’s recommendations; given that fact, do you now plead guilty to the charges before you?”

“Yes, sir.”

“Very well.” The Judge deliberates for a moment then adds, “Young lady I am not impressed with this arrangement. On the night of October 14, you chased a man in a nightclub throwing bottles and glasses at him. I have 31 affidavits from patrons of the establishment listing their damages. I hereby order you to pay each patron $250 in damages. I order you to pay $6,000 in damages to the nightclub. And you will pay court costs and fees of both parties.” The judge watches Mary gasp at her punishment.

Mary fixes her mouth to speak. Her attorney stares her down to force her silence. He turns to the judge. “Your honor my client is destitute.”

“Destitution has no bearing on these proceedings counselor.”

“Your honor if I may?”

“Continue.”

“My client has no way of paying these costs, she is bankrupt. Can your Honor see fit to let her pay off her debts in another fashion, perhaps community service?” He nods toward the discarded paper on the bench.

The judge eyes Mary. “Thanks to the prosecution, I have a report of your previous encounters with the legal system. Miss Lake, you are a menace and must suffer punishment in an effort to correct your behavior. In lieu of the patrons and fees, I order you to 60 days community service beginning today. You will report to city hall and get your assignments from the city clerk. In lieu of payment to the club, I hereby ban you from the club for life. If you go within 500 feet of the establishment I will issue an arrest warrant and reinstate damages. Do not test this court’s patience, Miss Lake. That is this court’s judgment, case dismissed.”

The bailiff removes the handcuffs and unchains her feet. “You are free to go.”

Mary turns to see her friends in the back of the courtroom. She rushes forward to give each a hug. “Thanks for coming.”

“I’m sorry, Mary, it is my fault. Can you forgive me?” Barbara asks.

“It’s okay, Barb; did you make it home all right?”

“Yeah, one of the police officers drove me.” Barbara runs a hand through her red hair. “You seriously need a chill pill sometimes.” They laugh.

“I’m sorry, too.” Jill adds.

“No, I’m the one who is sorry,” says Mary. “I could have hurt you with that bottle. Do you forgive me?”

“Well, believe me, I was furious.” A delicious grin spreads across Jill’s face. “I was having fun.”

“Jill!” Barbara’s mouth gapes.

“Ok, damn girl. Let me talk.” Jill says to Barbara. She then turns to Mary, “After checking my assets for glassware, I am happy to say no harm, no foul.”

“Yeah, I bet it took a good year or two to check that mass,” says Barbara with a wide grin.

Jill plants a hand to her hip, tossing her head back, “now, who is the Jealous Betty? Last time I was a B cup, I was in diapers.” Jill flexes her chest toward her nemesis.

Mary laughs, “stop it, you two. Let’s get out of here before His Highness changes his mind.”

The three ladies walk out of the courthouse, arm in arm down the street. Barbara asks, “Mary, what do you have to do today?”

“I don’t know. I am not going to city hall till later. Let’s go celebrate.” Mary says.

Jill’s face flushes red. “Mare, girl, if you don’t get your tight ass down there . . . you can be arrested.”

“No, I can’t, the judge said to go but he didn’t say when. So I win, not them.” Mary stops to do a little jig. “Party time ladies.” Down the street, a bar captures her attention. She points. “Race you. Loser buys.” The women sprint down the street yelling trying to get there first.

Barbara makes it in first. “Woo Hoo! Losers!” She holds a capital L with her fingers to display in front of the girls, “loser number one, loser number two.” She points at herself and says, “Big dog, woof woof.” They walk up to the bar. “I’ll have a Hurricane and these losers will have apple juice.”

“You bitch!” Jill heaves her chest.

“Shut up and pay, loser.” Barbara downs her drink.

Mary stays silent, Jill’s shout echoed her sentiment. She drinks her apple juice. After finishing she turns to the happy camper of the group, “Now give me a Hurricane, oh Gracious One.”

Jill takes a sip of hers and spits. She distracts them by pointing to the door then pours the rest out. “Hurricanes for everybody!”

Barbara flexes her shoulders, evil spreads through her being. “No way, Hosea! I’ll take another Hurricane and these bitches will have lemonade.”

“Barb!”

“Blame that bitch. Drink or die, bitches.” Barbara giggles as each holds their noses in defiance and downs their drinks. “’bout time. Now, Hurricanes for everybody!”

The women venture to the jukebox, put in some coins and dance with one another. They guzzle a few more drinks, and then ready to leave the bar. Jill and Barbara stagger but Mary has no trouble walking to the door. A flash from the door stops Barbara in the doorway. She turns a bewildered glare to Mary as if getting a revelation. She puffs up. “Bitch, if you ever bust in on me screwing in a bathroom stall again,” she slurs, “I might just kill your skinny ass.”

Mary chuckles, holding her side. “Your dumb ass was having sex without a condom. Shit, bitch, did you see how ugly that fucker was? My god, girl, you could have a disease or worse, be pregnant with a wharf rat.” Mary high-fives Jill. They burst with laughter.

Jill stops laughing as an epiphany hits her. She casts a dark look Mary’s way. “Enough about this skank, what the hell possessed you to bust a bottle over me?” Jill puts a hand to her breasts, “you could have killed these poor girls.”

“I said I’m sorry. Jesus, you were passed out and some grungy bastard was sucking your tits like there was no tomorrow. Hell, I was helping your dumb ass out.” Mary gives a nervous chuckle. Barbara erupts with laughter, passing through the doorway.

The more they laughed the tighter Jill clenched her fists contemplating her attack. They didn’t understand anything. Assholes. She was a natural blond but even more impressive to men were her mountainous 40DDs. She outweighed Barbara by 30 pounds and Mary by a whopping 60. Jill was always heavy set and though she was nowhere near it, while working briefly at an auto factory she received the nickname “290” by her female co-workers. Jill clenched and unclenched her fingers, walking outside. “I was not passed out. I had my eyes closed pretending he was Bert.”

Barbara turns, “oh my god, how long has it been?”

Jill draws up. “Three months.”

“You and Bert,” says Mary, “haven’t had sex in three months, three months, Jilly?”

“So what, it’s a dry spell. Everyone has them.” Jill mutters.

Mary stands tall. “Not if they live together under the same roof in the same bed. He won’t marry you and now he won’t even have sex with you? Girl, you have got to get your shit together.”

“It’s not that bad,” says Jill, heaving her chest. She plants her hands again. “At least I have a man, not like the two of you. I’m going home to my man.”

“Hey, I’m being serious,” says Mary. “You can’t stay in a relationship with no benefits, it will drive you crazy.” Mary hugs her friend.

Barbara rolls her eyes. She sighs before moving to give Jill a soft hug. “Stay strong, girl. If he doesn’t give you a jump soon I’ll find you somebody who will.”

“Thanks, but no thanks. I see the company that you like to keep. We will work it out.” Jill turns to Mary who doesn’t move off with them. “You coming, Mare?”

“No, I guess I better go down to city hall and face the music. Wish me luck.” They hug. Mary watches the two women stagger down the street. She shakes her head and goes the opposite direction.





 4: Admission





Robert strolls into Samson Oceanfront Park with his best friend. They walk from the park to Sunny Isles beach to lookout at the ocean. Three sailboats appear as small toy boats off in the distance. They pass by people going into the ocean for a swim and find a spot and sit down on the sand. It is 8 o’clock in the morning, the sand beginning to heat. They remove their shirts and sit on the beach wearing only board shorts.

Jerry looks at Robert. “After all that money we made yesterday, man, why are you so sad?”

“I’m not sad,” says Robert. “I’m just . . . I don’t know. Maybe I’m just restless.”

“You need a woman.” Jerry laughs. “Let’s go to a strip club tonight. The women over at Tammy’s are tall, exotic, and beauty queens. That’s what you need, a good lap dance from a beautiful stripper.”

Robert laughs. He opens his hand to allow a fistful of sand to run through his fingers. “No strippers, man. I need a good woman all right, one that will cook and clean and make love like a demon.” He looks out at the sailboats. “For once, I would like to take a woman out on a boat for a picnic or just go sailing down south. You know what I mean?”

“Yeah, I got you. But this is Miami; the women here only want your money and connections. They will gladly trade sex to get them, but trying to make one of them your wife . . . disaster. Believe me, I’m an expert on the subject.”

“You’re a little too jaded, my friend. A good woman can hide in a whore’s drawers; you just have to put in the time to find her. What I wouldn’t give for a good woman.”

Jerry’s heart races. The seriousness of his words shows on his face. “Man, don’t let anybody ever hear you say that. They’ll rob you blind. I’m telling you, man, these women are no-good for anything long-term.”

“Just because you—”

“Yeah, I know!”

Jerry revisits his horror show. He married his college sweetheart, Jennifer Talbot, the day after graduation. They moved to New York City and he quickly rose as the newest rock star in the Stock Market predictions game. He was the number two stock picker in his firm and earned a $250,000 commission on his biggest stock transaction. All the time he spent on-the-job meant his new wife had nothing but time on her hands and money to burn. She started her downward spiral by inviting girlfriends on weekend excursions that quickly ate Jerry’s bonuses. She then stepped up to strip clubs and wild parties in hotel rooms that led her to have affairs with dancers. Jenny upgraded to affairs with businessmen, including Jerry’s boss and eventually to an affair with a powerful celebrity divorce attorney. Heartbroken, he moved back to Florida with his tail between his legs and moved in with Robert. Jerry lost his wife, his condo, 75% of his money, his job and his New York lifestyle. He vowed never again to fall in love, never again to succumb to a beautiful face.

Robert and Jerry gaze out at the ocean in silence. Robert turns to watch an older couple in matching sweat suits travel the beach holding hands. He imagines himself at that age with a woman. He wonders who she will be and how will she look. Robert comes to the realization that looks don’t matter as long as you have someone you can talk with. He is willing to accept a big girl if she has a nice personality and is willing to work at a solid relationship. Race and nationality don’t matter, neither does age except she be able to bear children. Robert has no children. If he doesn’t find a wife soon he will resort to surrogacy.

Robert runs sand through his fingers and twists his feet into the sand making a hole. He looks at his friend and begins reflecting on their past. The two men grew up in Missouri and their fathers worked for a construction company that moved to Florida when they were eleven. At first they didn’t like each other but being both attacked at school for not being Florida natives, they stuck together to have each other’s back. Robert recounted their college years regretting most of the years. He let some great women slip through his fingers as easily as the sand slipped through them now.

Curiosity drove Robert to hire a detective to find these women and was heartbroken on the day the detective handed him a large yellow envelope. Robert opened the envelope to view the pictures. He spread them on his desk and noticed all the happy smiles on the faces of past lovers. They had married good men and often took trips with their children. He saw that one of the women, Cindy, was on a trip to Disney World with her husband and three girls. Another, Rebecca, wore a smile standing next to her husband and two boys on a cruise ship vacationing in the Bahamas. Robert imagined himself in the pictures, thinking he would be so happy to be a part of something that wonderful. He put the pictures back into the envelope and shoved it into a drawer and locked it away. He waited too late; his plan to get rich first and then have a family went sideways. Nothing was going according to his master plan.

He went back in time thinking of another woman, Brenda, a woman who worked across from him on one of his first jobs. He broke into a huge grin at the thought of her. He could remember her face, her scent, the way she tilted her head the night she stopped by his workspace and said, “They must trust you a lot to let you work by yourself unsupervised.”

She stunned him into silence. He only uttered “excuse me” trying to recover.

She smiled not knowing the effect she had on him.

“I said they must trust you to let you work by yourself.” Brenda repeated. She was a beautiful black woman with long hair—married, like all the rest of the good-looking women that worked there.

“Yes, I guess they do,” he had said.

That started a conversation that led to their speaking and waving as they passed each other. A friendship developed that led to a pivotal night when she asked a girlfriend to go over and give him a message for her. The girlfriend came over and said, “You have a secret admirer.”

“Who?” he had asked.

She pointed to a machine ran by two women. “She wants to know if you want to hook-up after work today.”

Flustered, he replied, “I’ll think about it.” The confused girlfriend walked away. He was not sure which of the women was the secret admirer or if it was all a hoax. They loved playing practical jokes on people at this job. So he decided not to take the chance and pursue it out of fear and embarrassment if he responded to the wrong woman. Robert later learned that it was the young lady who had spoken to him often and that her husband had left her and she was available. He kicked himself for not talking to her and now it was too late, she had found a new man. A good woman does not stay single long.

Robert thought of all the chances he missed. They will never come around again. They constantly played in his head like a bad movie. A movie he could not get away from no matter how hard he tried. He was a dismal failure.

“Man, what are you thinking about now?” Jerry asks after studying Robert’s face.

“Past mistakes, brother, I am just realizing how many there were. I need to hurry up and make a decision about my future.”

“It doesn’t matter what you do, bro, you can’t control the other person and that is the real problem.”

“I want a partner not a dog, Jerry.”

“He is man’s best friend for a reason, loyalty, bro.”

“Let’s go to the club.” Robert climbs to his feet.

“Now you’re talking my language,” says Jerry.

They hop aboard a bus that stops in front of the park and ride it to the strip club. They enter; each exchanges a $50 bill for singles. They enter the main room to sit five feet from a big-chested brunette in the middle of her show. Jerry throws some singles at her and calls for a server. They sit, drink, and throw singles the rest of the day.





 5: First Look





Three days later:





On Monday morning, Mary is at the Belmont Hotel. Becoming good friends with the owner’s wife propelled her career in management. One of the hotels steadiest workers, she has never missed a day of work. When the old office manager retired she became assistant manager of the night shift. Mary now does conference scheduling and the hiring and firing for the day shift. She hired Jill as an assistant but later had to fire her because she would not do the work. Rather than have an unemployed roommate Mary gave her a job as a housekeeper. Jill is happy, in fact, thriving at her new job. Her other friend, Barbara, received a promotion from housekeeper service to hotel desk clerk.

A 55-year-old woman enters the hotel lobby. Her short brown hair is turning gray and her leathery skin is peeling from years of sunbathing. She doesn’t see Mary so she waltzes to the front desk clerk. “Good morning, I am looking for Mary Lake. Have you seen her on duty today?”

“May I enquire about whom is asking please?” asks Barbara.

“Forgive me, dear,” she adds the last word with a disdainful sneer. “I am, Debbie Cartwright, the city clerk. I have personal business to discuss with Miss Lake. Is she here today?”

“Can you wait here a moment?” Barbara asks.

“Yes.”

Barbara has another clerk watch the front desk while she hurries around the corner to the executive offices. She raps on the Office Manager’s door then ventures inside. “Mary, there is a woman from the city clerk’s office outside. She says it is personal business she has to discuss with you.”

Mary sits behind her desk planning next week’s convention meeting. A silent sigh draws her frame high. “Show her in please.”

Barbara brings the woman to Mary. “Anything I can get either of you.”

“No, Barbara that will be all. Please close the door behind you.” Mary rises to greet the woman.

“I am sorry to come to your place of work but there has been a change in your work schedule.”

“Like what?”

“You will not be on cleanup detail. I have permission to have you assist me with donations and charity work for a party at the end of the week. It won’t affect your work schedule; we will do our work around your schedule.”

“Mrs. Cartwright, I work a 12-hour day. How many hours are you talking about?”

“I know how many hours a day you work, dear. Don’t forget that it is your fault I am here in the first place. If you would rather be in jail then say so. Mrs. Belmont is on our board and assures me that you can participate.”

“You talked to my boss?” Mary says through gritted teeth, seething. “That is out of line, way out of line.”

“Relax, dear, you have it wrong. I didn’t betray your confidence. I told her that we were short on help for the party event and I mentioned your interest in helping. I asked if you had a work schedule that would allow you to participate. She said you can take all the time you need since it is a worthy cause.”

“Thank you for your discreetness, dear.” Mary mocks. “What kind of party will I be helping with?”

“Our annual Breast Cancer Extravaganza, we paper the town with fliers so women are aware of free clinics for breast exams. We will be going house-to-house asking for donations for our cause. We will prepare party bags for all our big donors and you will help out at the party on the last night.”

“I see. Do you have an idea of how many hours this will entail?”

“No, dear, the hours are not important. What is important however is that you be available the rest of this week. If you need a replacement to cover for you, I would suggest you take care of it immediately. All this week, I will need you at a moment’s notice.”

“Ok. I will talk with Mrs. Belmont and make arrangements. I can start in the morning.”

“No, dear,” says Mrs. Cartwright with a thin smile, “you will start right now or go to jail. I will meet you out front in five minutes. If you are late I will send the police for you. Have a nice day.” She exits the room without waiting for a response from Mary.

Mary sits behind her desk, shaking with rage. How dare this ingrate come into her office and order her around. How dare she have the nerve to . . .? a knock interrupts her rant.

Barbara bounces into the office. “Who was she and what did she want? She looked like a snooty whore from the 50’s.”

“My community service—that bitch is in charge of it. I have to go and work on some fucking cancer trash with her all week. Call Lester and ask him to cover for me. I have to get out there before she sics the cops on me.” Mary grabs her purse and rushes to join the woman in her car.

Mary and Mrs. Cartwright arrive at a large oceanfront house. Mrs. Cartwright draws up to her full height with a scowl that vanishes when Mary looks her way. Together, they walk the front path to discover a man on his hands and knees planting flowers around a tree.

Mrs. Cartwright sashays up to the man. “Excuse me, is the mistress of the house in?”

The man ignores her and continues digging a hole for the flowers. His back is to them as if he has no intention of responding to the woman.

“Excuse me,” Mrs. Cartwright says louder as if the man is deaf, “do you speak English?” Annoyed at his lack of response to her earlier inquiry, she expels a loud stream of air in his direction. He was a dark, dirty man wearing farmer’s overalls, perhaps he was another of those damn illegals. “Are you deaf? Is there someone in authority we can speak with, someone who understands ENGLISH for god’s sake?”

Mary rolls her eyes. She deals with the wealthy and privileged every day at work and doesn’t blame the man for not responding. “Sir, could you stop and help me for a moment, please?”

Robert stops and looks up at the woman talking. He strains to see her because of the sun's glare. He then recognizes her from the club as the bottle-wielding maniac. “What is it?” He puts a hand to his eyes to confirm her identity.

“My name is Mary Lake and this is Mrs. Cartwright. We are from the Sunny Isles Cancer Foundation and seeking a donation from the homeowner. Are you the owner of this beautiful home?”

With the sun behind her, her silhouette is that of an angel. Her thin dress is almost see thru. Robert scans the curvy angel. His eyes dart back to her face as if to hide their true intent. He studies the woman and after deep thought responds, “nice to meet you, Mary. The owner is busy with other matters. Do you have something you can leave?”

Mrs. Cartwright interjects, “they didn’t respond to our mailer. I have a brochure and donation envelope for them. Could you see that they get it?” She speaks as if talking down to a servant.

Robert does not look her way; his gaze is steadfast on Mary: intriguingly, wonderful Mary. He wants to know the full story behind the chasing and throwing. His voice softens, “what kind of cancer foundation do you work for?”

“I am just helping Mrs. Cartwright cover the area; she can talk with you further about the organization’s goals.” Mary steps behind Mrs. Cartwright because Robert will not break his gaze from her.

“I have been with the foundation for over 5 years and I am on the board of directors,” volunteers Mrs. Cartwright. “We have been working to reduce breast cancer in this region by creating the nation’s most progressive research center. We are one third of the way finished with our building fund. All donations will be used to finish the construction; our completion date is two and a half years from today.”

Robert watches Mary the whole time Mrs. Cartwright explains their cause. He wants to assure Mary of his interest in her. “Is it Miss Lake or Mrs. Lake?”

Mary takes a subtle step to hide further behind the old woman thanking the Lord for her expansive frame. “Are you the homeowner?” her voice is low and weak. Mary is ready to leave and if he isn’t the owner she plans to bolt any minute. She thinks he is a handsome man but his stare makes her apprehensive.

Mrs. Cartwright says to Robert, “just a moment.” She grabs Mary by her hand hauling her up the path. “Now is the time you start earning your keep. For some reason he is interested in you. Here, take this.” She forces the material in Mary’s hand. “I don’t have time for this. I’ll be in the car. Get a donation or find the owners.” She stomps back to the car slamming the door.

Mary turns back toward the man and gathers her thoughts. She approaches him with the pamphlet. “Could you please tell me the truth, are you the owner?”

“Yes.” Robert says, sensing her frustration.

“This is for you.” She hands him the material and then turns to leave.

“Wait a minute, please.” Robert opens the pamphlet. “That old battle-ax said breast cancer?”

Mary could not help but to smile; the more she tried forcing it from her face the more it returned with a vengeance. Her cheeks flared red so she gave up. She hated the woman and was happy to see she wasn’t alone. “She’s my boss. Yes, it is breast cancer. There is a party at the end of the week. The information is in the brochure on the last page I believe.”

“Will you be there?”

“Yes, but I’ll be working that night,” she adds, afraid the man might be trying to ask her out.

“How large of a donation are you looking for?”

“It doesn’t matter to me, I imagine the old battle-ax will want something high-end.” Mary lowers her head to hide her smile. She lifts her eyes then lowers them just as quick. She is here to do a job not hold a long conversation with a stranger.

“My name is Robert Tyler and if you will be there, so will I. I will read the information and decide how much to give. I hope to see you there.”

A smile wins the day despite her attack on it. “Thank you for your help.” Mary turns toward the car and freedom. Her steps quicken to the passenger’s side of the car not paying attention to anything except leaving the area. When she reaches the door a tapping erupts from the window. Mrs. Cartwright, sitting in the passenger’s seat, points to the driver’s seat indicating she is not moving. “Old battle-ax,” Mary utters under her breath, “I am not your fucking chauffeur.” Mary wears a tight smile as she puts on her seatbelt and starts the car.

“Well, who was he?” Mrs. Cartwright demands.

“His name is Robert Tyler and he is the homeowner.” She ignores the darkness blooming on the battle-ax’s face. “He said he will look over the material and decide how much to give.” Mary careens down the street.

“We have three more stops; turn left at the next street. You can handle these people since you speak their language.” She tosses the pamphlets in Mary’s lap content not to get out of the car the rest of the day.

After making all her stops, Mary parks at city hall and catches the Green Line bus back to the hotel. She goes straight to her desk for her flask. She calls room service for more ice, taking a hefty draw from the flask.

Jill knocks on Mary’s office door. She strolls into the room pushing a dining cart while donning a maid’s uniform. “Hey, Mare, you are going to need more than some ice. I brought T-bone steaks and fries.”

Jill parks the cart at Mary’s desk. She pulls out two dinner plates complete with red wine. “The rich couple in 413 ordered two bottles of wine and only drank 1 and a quarter bottles. Didn’t even touch their food. Their weakness is our good fortune. Let’s toast to staying out of jail.”

She and Mary clink glasses.

“I’ll drink to that,” says Mary. They savor their first sip of the wine.

A delicious grin spreads across Jill’s face. “Now tell me everything that happened.”





 Six: A Question





The next day, Tuesday, Mrs. Cartwright is back at the hotel looking for Mary. She bypasses the front desk invoking stares. Barbara gets on the phone, “hey Mary, that hag is back to get you, girl.” Barbara hangs up the phone and peers around the corner trying to catch a glimpse of the portly creature.

Mary lifts her eyes from her computer when she hears a knock at her door. “Come in,” she replies.

Mrs. Cartwright strolls forward, “I have bad news that I needed to deliver in person.”

“Please have a seat.”

“Thank you, dear. I have been tallying up our donations and we are well short of our goal. We must get a specific amount of contributions before the next construction phase begins. Mr. Tyler is one our biggest donors and a friend of Mrs. Belmont. She won’t return from sabbatical until the day of the party. We need Mr. Tyler’s donation today or tomorrow at the latest, along with several others. I will handle all the others and leave him to you. He is at home so get over there and work your magic.”

“And what magic would that be, Mrs. Cartwright?”

“I don’t care, dear. He likes you, use that to your advantage and get our donation. I expect to hear good news from you.” Mrs. Cartwright strolls out of the room like she owns the place.

Mary sits thinking what she can possibly do. This is not her area of expertise. Another knock at the door interrupts her train of thought. Barbara sticks her head in the door. “Is it safe?”

“Come on in.”

“What did the hag want this time?”

“She wants me to go back to that creepy guy’s house and get a donation today for her stupid foundation.” Mary opens her desk drawer and pulls out two small bottles of Jack Daniels. “Here, help me come up with something to get this donation and get the hell out of there as quick as possible.”

They clink their mini-bottles. After gulping down the tiny one-shots they work on a strategy. Later, Mary rises to pace. Barbara tilts her head. “What’s the hurry, I thought you had till Friday?”

“She said something about needing the money before then to start their construction.”

“That is not your problem or your job. That is her responsibility; she is just putting it off on you because no one is watching her. I bet you anything that if you fail, she will blame the whole thing on you and then you are through.”

“Damn, I hate this bullshit.” Mary swallows hard. “As soon as you make a mistake these assholes have you over a barrel and they squeeze every drop of blood they can get. I ought to just stay here and forget it.”

“No. You have to go. Exactly what did this guy do that was so creepy?”

“He didn’t look at Mrs. Cartwright the whole time we were there. He just kept staring at me like I was a piece of meat for him to devour.”

“You know you exaggerate a lot? Was he at least good-looking?”

“I didn’t notice,” she says with all assurance, “I kept trying to get him to stop staring at me.”

“I’ll go with you. Ready?”

“Seriously?”

“Of course, sweetie pie, let’s go.”

Barbara drives them to Mr. Tyler’s house in her car.

When they arrive, Mary knocks on the door. It opens and Robert says, “Yes?”

“Mr. Tyler, we have run into a problem that I would like to discuss with you,” says Mary.

Robert’s face shines at the sight of Mary but sours at the sight of her redheaded friend. “Come in.”

Barbara leans in and whispers as they walk into the house, “you didn’t say he was black and he is good-looking.”

Mary whispers, “quiet.” They enter through the foyer to a large family room. “This is a beautiful home,” she says.

“Thank you,” replies Robert. “Would either of you care for something to drink?”

“Yes,” says Barbara.

Mary gives her a hard look. “No, thank you, this is not a social call.”

“Please be seated and tell me what brings you out this way again.”

“I am sorry to intrude on your privacy, but my boss, Mrs. Cartwright, came to me this morning saying they need donations by the end of the day. Some type of a funding snag that keeps the construction from getting underway on time. Have you had time to look over the pamphlet I gave you yesterday?”

Robert pretends to look in his pocket for the pamphlet. “Excuse me a minute, I had it right here. I must have left it in the kitchen. I’ll be right back.” Robert excuses himself. He dials from the kitchen’s wall phone. After two rings a voice answers. Robert responds, “get over here now. I need you fast.” He hangs up the phone and gets a drink of water from the refrigerator. He grabs the pamphlet off the table and walks back into the room with the two women, waving the pamphlet. “I found it.”

“Good,” says Mary. “Did you have time to go over the material?”

“No. I read the first half before being called away to attend to more pressing business. Could you tell me the highlights?”

“Well, Mrs. Cartwright will be a better conversationalist on the foundation than I could ever be. Perhaps you will be able to talk with her at the party. I am only helping her canvass the neighborhood so we can reach everyone in the city. This is a worthy cause that affects many people in this area.”

Robert remains silent for a moment then asks, “and these donations of yours, how much do you need to start construction?”

Mary has no idea what numbers are involved in the building of a research center. She reflects on the new construction upgrades to the west wing of the hotel. She decides to use those numbers. Before she could give her answer there was a knock at the door.

Robert excuses himself to answer it. Mary turns to Barbara, “let’s get out of here. That crow should be here doing her own job.”

Robert comes back with a guest. “Ladies, this is Jerry Carpenter a friend of mine. He is also a donor for the cancer foundation. Perhaps one of you will have some free time to discuss the cause with him.”

Jerry walks over to the seated women. “Hello, ladies, it’s nice to meet you.”

The women stand. Barbara notices that Jerry looks like a cross between two famous actors in Hollywood—a Brad Pitt-Matt Damon combination. Jerry has a square jaw and looks like a rugged American hero. Barbara listens to the pitter patter of her screaming heart. “Jerry is it?” She shakes his hand, squeezing ever so lightly. “I’m Barbara and I would love to talk with you about the foundation. Maybe I could pin you down with a donation or something.” She grins.

Jerry places his other hand on top of hers and returns the squeeze, then follows with a light caress. “Well, I always was a sucker for a redhead. Excuse my language, I didn’t offend you did I?” Barbara shakes her head but keeps her broad smile. Her cheeks redden to match her locks. “Why don’t we go outside and take a walk along the beach and you can tell me all about this foundation of yours?”

“Yes,” says Barbara relinquishing her grip, “After you.” Jerry turns toward the door. Barbara ogles his rippling muscles through his tight jeans as she follows with a big grin plastered to her face. She is in heaven, glad she came with Mary.

Mary braces to keep from falling into the well of despair creeping up on her. That cheap skank! How can she leave me alone like this? She’ll get an ear full when they get back to the office. Mary composes herself and faces Robert. “Shall we sit and go over the pamphlet?”

“Yes, please.”

Before Mary can explain, Robert poses a question. “I believe in directness and total honesty. Be completely honest, do you hate me?”

Puzzlement spreads across Mary’s face. Why would he ask her a grade school question? “No, sir, I don’t hate you.”

“Do I make you uncomfortable? You appear to be a little rigid.”

“Well if you want me to be honest.”

“I want you to be brutally honest, don’t hold back.”

“All right, people who stare at me can make me believe they are crazy or worse.”

“What could be worse than crazy?”

“They could be insane or perverted.”

“I’m sorry I was so rude to you yesterday. I couldn’t help staring. You were so beautiful and it has been a long time since I talked with a beautiful woman. I am afraid I’m out of practice.”

His words touched her, but she was no pusher over or a wanton fool like Barbara. “Men always call women beautiful; it is a generic line that works only on the weak. Now, if we can get back to the pamphlet, I would like to direct your attention to page four—”

“Do you find me attractive?”

“Excuse me?”

“Do you find me attractive?”

Mary puffs up. She centers herself as she gazes at the pamphlet in her lap. If she didn’t look, she would be safe. She shifts. “I-I-I have never thought about it.”

“I am asking you to think about it now. Do you find me attractive?”

“I have never thought about it. I don’t judge everyone I meet.” She keeps her eyes on the pamphlet.

“Answer this one question for me and then we can go to page four. Look at me right now and give me an answer.”

Mary takes a deep breath and exhales, thankful he is seated across from her. Her head fights to stay down but she needs to look to end this topic of conversation. Moments later she wins the battle. She looks at Robert and studies his face so her response will be thoughtful. She doesn’t want to give him an excuse to keep going over this same line of questioning. Concentrate, concentrate. You can do this and it will all be over in a flash.

“You are a handsome man. Now let’s turn to page four and begin.” Mary rubs her damp hand on her thigh. She opens the pamphlet and talks fast, glad she looked it over before arriving.

The page shows the building’s logo and a rendering of what the outside would look like. Robert regards Mary’s long brown hair and can think of no other word than beautiful. Mary starts her presentation. “Your donation will help to get the building constructed from the ground all the way to the outside’s completion. We are aware that these are hard times for many people, including the rich, so our priority is to complete the outside in two years and hope the economy’s recovery has begun for our inside furnishings. If not, a second round of donations completes the project.” Mary keeps her eyes on the pamphlet while waiting for a response. Heat rushes across her face to turn it beet red. Her throat goes dry. She swallows trying to breathe easier and appear as if she doesn’t have a care in the world.

Robert studies her face. “Why did I offend you when I called you beautiful? I meant no disrespect.”

Mary’s shoulders hunch. She straightens to appear taller, chastising herself for moving. She brushes a strand of hair behind her ear. “I was not offended.”

“But your response was as if I had hit or shot you. Can you explain it to me? Be honest I really want to know what I said wrong.”

How am I going to get out of this? “I don’t exactly remember what I said.”

Robert holds up a finger, “you said that men always call women beautiful and it is a generic line that works only on the weak.”

“Thank you,” she says mockingly. “I think I will take that drink now.” She needs more time to work out an answer and anything she can do to stall she is going to do.

Robert hurries to the small bar. “Bourbon, whiskey, or rum.”

“Whiskey, please, on the rocks. Make it a double.” Mary’s heart sinks after giving her answer. Dumb, dumb, dumb. You are letting this man know you are a veteran drinker. Don’t be so dumb, girl! She wipes her hands again, they have never perspired this much. When Robert returns, she takes one sip then sets it on the coffee table. She vows not to take another. “Men always call women beautiful. It lowers their defenses and makes them easy prey. I don’t like beautiful, pretty, or cute.”

“So, it is a personal insult is what you are saying.”

“Not an insult per se, it is more like, not creative or imaginative.”

“Oh, I get it now. You want a man to work for it. You want him to come up with something more unique to show you that he is talking about you and only you.”

“Yes, exactly.” She gulps while staring at her drink.

“So I did insult you earlier.”

Mary clamps down on her thigh to stop the shake in her leg. To hell with it, she takes another sip. “Okay, a little.” She curses herself for the sip. She reinstates her vow.

“I sincerely apologize to you. I am grateful you gave me a chance to apologize for my ignorance.” Robert points to the pamphlet. “Now this building, where will it be constructed and how many square feet are we talking about?”

“Now, I have to apologize. I don’t know the numbers. I can tell you the center will be one of the nation’s top research institutions and they will bring the best minds here to work on cures.”

“Good. We need something like that here. It will attract more people to this area and be a boom for growth.” He decides to ask another question, “forgive me but, if you had to describe yourself what words would use or like for others to use?”

“Sorry, that would be insider trading.”

Mary slips and gives a broad grin then doubles her troubles by looking into his brown eyes. She recovers to find the pamphlet interesting again.

“How did you know I was in the stock markets?”

“I’m sorry I didn’t. I just meant it would be inside information.”

“You are talking about information that I could use to manipulate the outcome. That is insider trading at its best. You must play the markets?”

Mary throws caution to the wind and takes another drink, gulping the rest of her whiskey. “No. I guess I remember the term from the news, a lot is going on in the markets.”

“True, but I still want to know the answer to my question. If I were meeting you for the first time, instead of calling you beautiful, what would I call you?” He rises to fix himself another drink, “would you like another?”

“Yes. I mean, if you are having another.” Mary observes Robert from the back to size him up. He is tall, six feet she thinks, wearing black slacks with a light blue shirt. Mary gazes at his rear end: muscular and fit. When he turns she gazes at his athletic chest. She wonders why so many young men his age shave their heads. She gathers her thoughts but doesn’t ask the question on her mind. When he returns, she manages only a thin, “thank you.”

“You’re welcome,” says Robert. “And the answer to my question?”

“I’m not going to give one. A woman never reveals her weaknesses.” Mary sips her drink.

“Weaknesses, so you are not an infallible robot?”

Mary laughs. “No. I’m not. I’m far from perfect.”

“May I ask you a personal question?” asks Robert.

“Yes.”

“You don’t know me, when I say personal, I mean personal. I might ask you what’s your bra size? You know, personal.”

Mary takes another sip. Nervousness wanes with her new infusion. “All right. You can ask me one personal question.”

“Will you answer truthfully?”

“Yes, I will.” A dull alarm sounds within her. No matter, she agreed.

“I was at the club the other night and saw you throw a bottle at a man. Why were you chasing him? What did he do?”

Mary’s face turns crimson. The drink slips from her hand to crash against the hardwood floor. She bolts for the door. She flings it open and exits without a word. She searches, yelling, “Barb, where are you?”

“Over here.”

Mary moves toward the direction of the voice. A pounding from her chest makes its way to her throat. She finds it hard to swallow. Her vision blurs, then Barbara and Jerry come into view. “Let’s go, we’re leaving. Now!” She marches toward the front of the house and salvation.

Barbara races for her friend. “What’s wrong, Mary?”

As Mary approaches the front of the house, Robert’s voice sails to her. “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to upset you. I just wanted to know what was going on.”

“Fuck you, motherfucker!” Mary yells. She opens the door, “hurry up, Barb.”

Barbara makes it to the car and they leave.

“What the hell did you do, man?” Jerry asks, fanning the dust cloud left in their wake.

“I asked her why she was chasing that guy with the bottle.”

“Dude, you fucked up.”

“I know.” Robert sighs. “Thanks anyway.”

“No problem, I got her phone number. We might go out tonight. Hey, maybe I can put in a good word for you. You know how these women like to stick together. Is it worth it?”

“I’m not sure yet, maybe.”

Barbara follows Mary into her office. Some of what her friend said made sense but Barbara still finds the episode confusing. Mary pulls two mini-bottles from her desk. They sit and drink. Barbara says, “that is not a good reason for you to be so pissed, Mary. My god, you go off over the silliest stuff. I was just getting to know that guy.”

“Can you stop thinking about that man for a minute, Barb. My god, you just met the man two seconds ago, give it a rest will you.”

Redness rushes into Barbara’s face. Instead of screaming, her voice softens, becoming tighter. “I know what I like and I go after it; why don’t you stop being so prissy and go for what you want.”

“What the hell does that even mean?”

“I know you and I know you like him. You are just running scared as always.”

“You don’t know a damn thing about me.”

“And I don’t want to know either. I’m going back to work, Miss Spinster.” Barbara moves toward the door.

Mary yells. “Go ahead, Miss Slutass.”

Barbara gives her the finger and slams the door. Mary downs a new bottle, wondering if she should call Mrs. Cartwright.





 7: The Amazon





That night, after finishing a long day of work at the Belmont—a day made longer by slow union workers repairing their broken down air-conditioner—the three women walk into Club Calis to blow off some steam. Jill’s friend told her of the new club opening at the end of Haulover Park. Barbara strolls in wearing a tight almost see-thru white top without a bra—again. She wears white-striped blue shorts that struggle to cover her mammoth backside.

“There’s a table over there,” says Barbara, pointing toward the dance floor. She ushers her friends through the crowd to the table.

“Jesus,” whispers Mary while walking behind her friend. She shakes her head, recounting the times she preached to Barbara about proper dress. It never does any good. Barbara’s retort is that she dresses for success and to impress.

Mary, not looking to hook up with anyone, dresses conservatively. She wears a large white T-shirt and a Miami Dolphin’s jersey over it. She wears blue jeans and tennis shoes with a big blue purse featuring the Miami Dolphin’s logo. Most bars serve free mini-bottles to first timers and to women on Ladies Night, her large purse makes an excellent carry home bag for the precious items. Mary’s long brown hair is in a loose ponytail and she dons a dolphin’s cap. She shakes her head toward her other friend but doesn’t commit for Jill dresses equally bad with her double D’s spilling over her low-cut red top. If Mary were to guess, Jill and Bert haven’t worked out their problems as of yet.

“Hey, Mare, the first rounds on you,” says Jill, strutting in wearing her faded extra tight blue jeans.

Mary summons the server. “Three Hurricanes, please?”

Barbara yells over the loud music, “no way, new club, new drink, let’s try something different.” She looks at the server. “What’s the house special tonight?”

“Harvey Wallbangers. You want to try them?”

“Sure, bring us three,” says Mary.

Jill rises, craning her neck. “I’ll be right back.” As she walks away, Mary shakes her head. Jill’s ass jiggles in the tight jeans. Mary frowns.

“Stop it,” says Barbara. “You are not going to ruin another night with your shit. We dress the way we want to and that is that.” Barbara points to the dance floor, “you see anybody you want to dance with?”

Mary scans the gyrating bodies. They are making fools of themselves. She would never be so vulgar. “No. I am just here for my girls.”

The server returns with the drinks. “Nine dollars even.”

“Keep the rest for your tip,” says Mary handing her $12.

“Thanks.” The server reaches into her apron and pulls out two bottles. “Would you ladies like the Jack or the Crown?”

Barbara says, “Both.”

Mary adds, “if it is ok.”

“Sure,” says the server. She graces them with four bottles. “You guys have a good night.”

Mary surreptitiously slides the bottles in her purse. “You’ve wanted to say it all day, go ahead.”

Barbara stares through her for a moment. “Did you call Mrs. Cartwright?”

“No.”

Barbara took a sip of her drink. “Not bad.” She sips again. “Are you going to call Mr. Tyler?”

“No.”

“Stop tripping, you have to turn in the money by tomorrow and you know it.”

Mary runs a finger around the rim of her glass. She takes a long sip. “Yeah, I know.”

“Mary, just get it over with and phone him. If you are lucky, he will be out and you will get his machine. Leave a message and you are covered. Do it now. I want to enjoy the rest of this night.” She hands Mary her cell phone.

Mary takes the phone and searches her purse for the number. She finds it and dials Mr. Tyler’s home phone. Mary listens with excitement as it rings once, then twice. Hope builds as she listens to a mechanized voice. She sighs. “Hello, this is Mary Lake,” she blurts. “I am calling to remind you of your donation. Please call Mrs. Cartwright tomorrow at 555-2169. Thank you.” Mary hangs up the phone. “Done.”

“Oh, yeah, party time,” says Barbara shaking her head. “Let’s get on the dance floor and shake it like it’s hot.”

“I’m with you, girl, let’s go.” Mary downs the rest of her drink. They rush to the floor to dance with each other.

Jill comes out of the bathroom and watches the two women dancing. “All right, Mare,” she yells at Mary. She goes back to the table and finds that her glass is empty. “Son of a bitch!” She goes over to the bar and orders a pitcher of beer and brings it back to the table. She pours herself a glass and enjoys her drink. The two women come back to the table and Jill asks, “Which one of you bitches drank my drink?”

They laugh and say in unison, “she did.” They sit, laughing. Jill pours another round.

Barbara scans the dance floor while twirling her red hair. She sees a man she likes and heads back to the floor. “See you, girls, I think I just saw Mr. Right.”

“You mean Mr. Right Now,” says Mary. She and Jill laugh. Barbara gives them the finger before moving toward her new beau.

The two women sit for a while and drink. Jill empties the pitcher. She cups her hands around her mouth. “Hey, we need another pitcher over here.” She mocks Mary’s scowl. “What is the matter with you tonight? You seem out of sorts.”

Mary shakes her head. “I’m ok; this might be my last night of freedom if I don’t get this old battle-ax off my case.”

“You never did tell me, how was that guy you had to see?”

“You mean Mr. Tyler. He was ok after I got to know him a little better. I admit I was wrong about him at first, he is very nice and thoughtful.”

“So what is the problem?” Jill leans in to hear better.

“I don’t know. I can’t explain what I’m feeling. I like him but there is something there that bothers me. Something in the background that I can’t get past. You know what I mean?”

“Nope.”

“He’s friendly enough; he actually talks to me which is unusual for a man. He asked me personal questions that you shouldn’t ask unless you really know the person. Those sorts of things, I don’t know. It’s hard to explain.”

“Well, I guess it will work itself out. Let’s go dance.”

“Maybe later, you go ahead and keep an eye on Barbara while you are out there.”

“I’ll try,” says Jill.

Mary sits, watching the server approach with another pitcher of beer. “Could you bring me another Harvey Wallbanger and a Hurricane? Oh and some pretzels too, please.”

“I’ll be right back.” The server leaves.

Mary downs two each of the Harvey Wallbangers and Hurricanes. While they dance she starts on the second pitcher and is almost finished with her first glass when Barbara returns from the dance floor.

Barbara breathes hard from her wild gyrations. “Woo, Mary, girl, you are missing it. I was dancing with these two guys that had me pinned in like an ice cream sandwich.” Barbara does a dance move from her seated position then pours herself a glass of beer and drinks it down without stopping. “Woo,” she says and slams the glass back down on the table. “That hit the spot, girl.”

“Bitch, you are on the edge. If you do something to fuck this night up I’m going to kill your big ass.” Mary leers at her not wanting to get into more trouble. Mrs. Cartwright is enough for her.

“Don’t worry,” says Barbara, “damn! I’m going to go back and boogie because you are killing my buzz, bitch.” Barbara lets out a scream and dances back to the crowd. She begins grinding on two black guys. Mary smiles surmising the two men must be the guys she mentioned earlier as part of her ice cream sandwich. Mary roars with laughter watching Barbara do her best snake dance. The men move so close you cannot slide a piece of paper between them. They move rhythmically like one big snake. Mary finishes off her drink and keeps watching the ice cream sandwich. A smile spreads across her face. With Barbara’s long red hair they look more like a Neapolitan. Barbara’s schoolgirl laughter sends waves of joy spiraling throughout her friend. Yes, she is enjoying her freedom from work.

Jill ventures back to the table breathing hard. “Mare, what is your hang-up tonight?” Jill gulps like Barbara had done earlier. “Oh Jesus, that is some good shit!” She stares at Mary. “Forget that guy and find you one here, I’ll help you look. What’s your fancy tonight?”

Mary smiles and pours herself another drink. “I’m good; I just want to watch my girls have a good time.”

“Bitch, I’m older than you. You are the baby of the bunch, shit. Let me hook you up with somebody. How about that guy over there in the green shirt?” Jill points to a young man on a barstool.

Mary chuckles. “College kids? If I wanted a fucking baby I would get pregnant and change shitty diapers all night.” The two women laugh.

“Come on Mare, you look depressed.”

“I’m fine Mrs. Jill Joy.” Mary’s smile doesn’t quite reach her eyes.

“I know when you start doing that to just leave you alone and let you stew in your own juices. I’ll be on the dance floor getting mine.” Jill stands, does a shake then wanders back into the gyrating crowd.

Mary’s heart seizes as she watches Barbara leave the dance floor. She trips over her own feet and falls to the floor. “I’m all right, I’m all right,” Mary says to a couple that helps her to her feet. “These god damn rugs can kill a motherfucker up in here!” She screamed at a server who comes over to help. Mary sits back down in her chair, forgetting why she rose: Barbara. She scans the crowd. Jill is there slow dancing with another woman but no Barbara. She scans again then returns to the blonde with a man’s short crew cut who has her head buried between Jill’s mountains. Her hands cup Jill’s ass as they slow dance in one spot. Mary shakes her head in disgust. Poor Bert. The woman turns her head to the side but keeps her head firmly attached to Jill while they continue to slow drag. Mary sees a hoop earring in her nose and a tattoo under her eye. Mary takes another drink and scans once more for Barbara. She turns her gaze back to Jill in time to catch them deep French kissing. The two saunter to Mary’s table hugging each other.

A woman sits at the bar watching the happy couple. She leaves her barstool to intercept them. “Hey, bitch,” she says to Jill with a heavy Spanish accent. Jill turns. “What the fuck are you doing with my woman?”

Jill glares at the tall heavyset woman, unafraid. “Fuck off, punta.” Then she turns to go to her table with her new playmate.

The enraged woman walks up behind Jill and kicks her in her lower back, pushing her forward. “Take that you fucking skank. Mess with my bitch and you will get more than that you trailer trash motherfucker.” She grabs her girlfriend by the arm and they turn to leave.

Jill leaps to her feet with a scowl. “Not today, motherfucker. Not today!” Jill releases an ear-piercing scream and charges the woman.

A crowd gathers, whipping out cell phones to snap pictures and record the action. One girl holding a red cell phone says, “This will look good on my Facebook page.” She high-fives another girl.

Jill and the woman tumble. The crowd circles with shouts of, “fight, Fight, FIGHT!”

Jill is the first to rise with crowd-infused energy, she strikes the woman across the jaw. The woman hits the floor and then rolls unto her stomach before rising again. She hits Jill in the stomach as Jill comes in to land another punch. Jill doubles over but stays on her feet. The woman then lets out a scream and punches Jill squarely in the back of her head.

Lights out.

The woman spits on her carcass then curses her in Spanish. She grabs her prize and leaves.

Mary wobbles over to Jill. Barbara arrives moments later to a half-conscious Jill and frantic Mary. With no time to spare, they get on either side of Jill, pick her up, and drag her out of the club before security arrives.

“Where the fuck were you two while I was getting my ass kicked by that goddamn Amazon bitch?” asks a staggering Jill. She limps down the street between the two women.

“Keep quiet and stop crying like a bitch,” says Mary. “You are going to stay at my place tonight so Bert doesn’t find out. With any luck the swelling will be gone by then.”

“She beat the holy living shit out of you, girl,” says Barbara.

“That’s what happens when you mess with other people’s property,” scolds Mary.

“Fuck off!” Jill stubs her toe and shrieks. She hops away from her friends then turns. “Why didn’t you help me?”

“I wasn’t about to get my ass kicked,” says Mary. “Hell, I think that bitch knew karate.” She and Barbara laugh as the three girls climb into a cab to go home.





 8: Strip Duty





Tuesday evening:





Robert and Jerry ogle stage acts from their perched table off the main stage. Jerry whispers to Robert as a stripper wearing a teal g-string saunters toward them. “Would either of you gentlemen like a lap dance?”

“Maybe,” says Jerry. He arches his brows. “What kind are you offering?”

A sinful smile spreads across her face. “Hands-off only out here, but if you go back to the Champagne Room with me, who knows.”

“Maybe later, honey,” says Jerry. After seeing her downturned face, his brows arch once more. “What the hell. I’ll take a lap dance right here. Come to papa.” He slides his chair back a little and motions the stripper to him. Jerry moves with her during her five-minute show. Unable to entice him into the back, she collects her reward and strolls to the next table to try her luck there. “Love in a g-string, Yee Haw!”

Robert’s glare silences Jerry’s dance. “You are supposed to be helping me get at this woman. No more dances, man, I need some help here.”

“Relax, man, I got you covered. I don’t understand why you are so hung up on this chick. Yeah, she has a rack on her but get real, man, she is just average.”

“This one can be special; I get a good feeling every time we talk. I just need a way in. A little help would be appreciated.”

Jerry rolls his eyes.

“The momma’s boy speaks. Just buy her something. Let her know you are loaded and she will come knocking.”

“Great strategy, Jerr. I see why the ladies come running.”

“Fuck you, man. That was a low blow.”

“Every woman is not Jenny. Find someone real.”

“I have got real, right there on that stage. Besides, you got the same problem and don’t even know it.” Jerry stands and showers the gyrating beauty on stage with a handful of singles.

“You are wasting your life. Believe me, there is going to come a time when you regret it all.”

“Hey, I set the price from now on.” Jerry chugs from his fourth drink then slams the glass on the table spilling what’s left. “No bitch is getting me by the balls ever again. I set the price in this motherfucker. And if memory serves, the bitch’s friend rolled yo ass at the same fucking—”

A glare silences every thought in his alcohol-liquefied brain.

Robert grabs his drink. Jerry trails him to a different stage to watch an Asian stripper loosen her top. After a long drink and a hard stare, Robert fixes a stoic expression to a tired face. “I recovered.”

“Tell it to somebody who doesn’t know you.” The soft spoken words sting.

“I need something more than this, and so do you. This is good for temporary fun but I have had it with all this bullshit. I want a woman who is there for me and doesn’t cost a dime.”

The girl catches their attention when she drops down and spreads her legs wide. Robert pulls out a wad of singles. He hands half to his friend and makes it rain with the rest. “Take it off girl, take it off,” yells Jerry. He ignores what Robert has said and knows that he has the good life already. The stripper brings her legs together and takes off her bottoms and puts them on Jerry’s head. Jerry sniffs them and puts them in his pocket. She then leans in to kiss him. Jerry deepens his voice. “I want you in the Champagne Room, I’ll be waiting.”

Jerry and Robert go back to their table and have another drink.

“If you are staying, man, I’m going home. I have had enough of these girls.”

“I’m staying, man, she’s mine.” Jerry smiles and hands Robert his drink.

“You have fun. Here, take the rest of this,” Robert hands him the rest of his cash and finishes his drink. He heads out the door with a wave.

When Robert makes it home he goes to his answering machine to check his messages. He takes off his shirt and goes into the kitchen for leftovers. He listens to different messages from different people as he brings his plate back into the living room and sets it on the coffee table. He then goes over to the bar and puts ice cubes into a glass when he hears Mary’s voice and her message. Robert stops fixing his drink and rushes to the machine to play the message again. He turns the machine off after the message plays for the third time and stands there wondering what the message meant. Does she not want to see him? Why is she telling him to phone Mrs. Cartwright? He thought they made a connection, was he wrong? An image of a fierce protector chasing a man with a bottle plays in his head. Robert leaves his plate on the table and takes a bottle of Jack Daniels upstairs to bed.





 9: The Check





Wednesday morning:





Mary sits at her desk making the final changes for next weekend’s Doctor’s conference. She listens to a knock at the door. “Come in Barb.”

“What’s up?” asks Barbara.

“Can you go by and check on Jill for me?”

“Of course, I was going to your place on my lunch break.”

“What time will you take lunch?”

“A little after eleven o’clock, I have to wait until Betty gets back, she left at ten.”

“Take Jill some dessert. She told me she would order Chinese.”

“Ok, anything else?”

“No, I am going to wrap this up and then I will be out of the office. If I am not back by 1 o’clock call Lester and have him come in early and cover for me. Okay.”

“All right,” Barbara closed the door behind her as she left.

Twenty minutes later there was a knock on Mary’s door. “Come in.”

Mrs. Cartwright stalked into Mary’s office. “I thought we had an arrangement concerning donations.” The pink face meant trouble.

“What do you mean?”

“Mr. Tyler called me this morning saying that he received a message on his machine to call me. Why would he need to call me?”

“I thought maybe he needed more information, I don’t know the particulars of—”

Mrs. Cartwright shouts before Mary can get her lie out. “Your job! Your only job is to get one damn donation and you want to shirk your duty. If I don’t get that donation by the end of today, your probation officer will hear from me.” Mrs. Cartwright whirls slamming the door with enough force to knock Mary’s favorite picture from the wall.

Blood rushes from Mary’s face to leave her cold. She stares at the fallen picture, mortified, unable to stop shaking. Tears pool as she searches for a solution. She closes her eyes for breathing exercises to no avail. Mary reaches into her desk drawer to seek comfort from an old friend: Jack Daniels. She chugs one of the mini-bottles from last night. Mary rises, grabs her purse, and rushes out the office with a head of steam. She will take care of the problem right now.

Mary raps on Mr. Tyler’s door. His forehead wrinkles at the sight of her. “Come in. What brings you back out here?”

“I’m sorry but we are having a mix-up and I need to get everything cleared up.”

“Please have a seat.”

“Thank you.” Mary waits for him to sit then begins. “Mr. Tyler, I need to get your donation today to tally the totals and determine if we have reached our goal and can start construction.”

“Of course, Miss Lake. How much do you need to begin construction?”

“You see that is the problem, I am flying blind. I was told to get your donation and bring it to Mrs. Cartwright. She is the one who has the exact figures so I don’t know the totals. I suppose the usual amount that you give will be sufficient.”

Robert lowers his head. He rises to walk behind the bar to fix a drink. “Do you want anything?”

“No, sir, but thank you for offering.”

Robert plants his drink on the coffee table when he returns. “Are you a vegetarian, Miss Lake?”

“Excuse me?”

“Are you a vegetarian?”

“No.”

Robert checks his wristwatch. “Please come with me.” He leads her out the living room and into the kitchen. Robert grabs a bundle off the kitchen table and walks outside to the patio where a grille smolders at the deck’s edge. “It’s lunchtime, Miss Lake, and I haven’t eaten all day. I’m going to have a steak. I hope you will do me the honor of joining me for lunch.”

Mary needs her donation. Her fingers clench on both hands. She feels warmth and wetness prickling on her skin. Controlling her breathing becomes a battle. She hesitates in giving an answer. Finally, she nods.

“I don’t mean to blindside you, Miss Lake, but I really want to talk to you.” He points to the kitchen door, “could you be a good sport and play along? I forgot the plates; could you please look inside the cabinet by the refrigerator and get them for me?”

Mary nods then rushes to the door. She slows to make it less obvious. A weight lifts from her chest as she enters the kitchen. She stops to feel her heart before going to the cabinets. Mary takes down two plates. She turns them over and just as she thinks: fine china. These could not possibly be the plates. She sets them aside to search again. All fine china. She grabs the two plates she initially found and turns toward the door. Mary views Robert at the grille from the kitchen window. He is tall, dark, and handsome. Mary takes a breath, time to search for the bad. She keeps telling herself that something is not right about this man and she has to find out what it is. Thinking he might be getting suspicious about her whereabouts Mary returns with the plates. “Are these the plates you wanted? I looked for others and only found china.”

“Yes those are all that I have. How do you like your steak, rare or well done?”

“Well done, please.” The ocean catches her attention. The house rests in the perfect spot. To get up every morning and hear the sound of the ocean or go for a swim must be heaven. Not good at small talk, Mary searches for something to say. Talking about the view would be too silly and obvious. “How long have you lived here, Mr. Tyler?”

“Please call me Robert.” He fans a cloud of smoke while turning the steaks. “Three years this December. A little old woman owned this house. She hated big developers, called them land rapists.” He drops the lid on the grille and washes his hands with a towel. “You see that pier down there?” Robert points north to a pier off in the distance. “She owned all the land from here to that pier. She signed over all the land to a foundation that can never sell the land to developers. Her one wish is for the land to remain the way it is with no hotels, condos, or apartment buildings. The only thing on the other side of the beach is a park in her honor.”

“Then she’s dead?”

“Yes, she died shortly after setting her dream in motion. She had breast cancer and she is the one who started the Sunny Isles Breast Cancer Foundation. The foundation owns the land.”

“I didn’t know that.”

“I didn’t think so. Mrs. Cartwright is on the board and I know her but she doesn’t know me. She is one of those throwbacks who think all minorities are lazy and look alike. She pretends not to recognize me or at least I hope that’s the case.”

“So her not wanting to talk with you is personal?”

“Four years ago I volunteered in a nursing complex; I guess you would call it a long term care facility. I met Mrs. O’Connor there. She is the previous owner of this house. I talked with her daily, not out of pity but simply because she was fascinating and led a dream life. We got to know each other and for a time she gained enough strength to move back into this house. A small group visited and kept her company. She thought if she continued to gain strength she could die in this house. So she transferred everything but this house to the foundation in a living trust. I did not know it but Mrs. Cartwright was talking to her constantly trying to get her to sell the house to her. She knew the old battle-ax had no intention of living here; she just wanted to make a quick sell to developers. Mrs. O’Connor, under her doctor’s care, got her last wish and died in her own home in her own bed. She left me the option to buy this house in her will. The contract stated that I could not sell to developers for 99 years, if I tried, the house would revert to the foundation. My mortgage payment is $25 per month, so I make a donation to the Cancer Foundation every year. She left me a letter saying how much she trusted me to do the right thing and protect her legacy. The letter also told me a few private items about some of her so-called friends. She wanted to let them know that their pledges to her did not stop at her death. She loved the beach and the ocean and wanted them to remain unspoiled.”

“She sounds like quite a lady.”

“A grand lady.” Robert opens the grille again to check on the steaks. “Miss Lake do you mind going into the kitchen and getting the steak sauce and silverware off the table?” He plates the steaks while Mary retrieves the needed items. Mary returns and places the silverware at two places on the small table. She places the steak sauce in the middle of the table next to the pole that holds the umbrella up in the center of the small table. Mary takes the seat facing the ocean. Robert brings over the T-bones. “Oh, I forgot my drink, would you care for anything? I have all kinds of juices and water if you don’t want anything from the bar.”

Mary wrestles with her answer. “Whatever you are having will be all right.”

“Good, I’ll be right back.”

Mary reflects on her day and what has happened up to now. Once again this man has surprised her and that is unusual. Her sixth sense has let her down, or has it? This is the troubling predicament for Mary, trust her senses and avoid this man like the plague or take a chance and possibly get burned. Mary slathers steak sauce absentmindedly. She cuts her steak and takes a bite. The shocking deliciousness curls her lips in a pleasant smile.

Robert returns with their drinks.

“Here you are.”

“Thank you.” Robert glances at her cut steak. Heat spreads across Mary’s face. “I’m sorry. I started without you. It is delicious.”

“No problem, Miss Lake, I’m glad you like it.”

Mary wipes her mouth with her small napkin, if only it were large enough to wipe her red face. She returns it to her lap. She gulps with her head down. “It is Mary, please call me Mary. I feel as if you are talking about my mother when you say Miss Lake.” Her eyes make a careful slide upward to gauge his reaction.

“I’m sorry Miss . . . Mary. I don’t want you to feel uncomfortable or stressed out. Is your mother still living?”

Mary takes a sip from her drink, “Donna. She is still living. She and my father, Dell, have been married for forty years—high school sweethearts. She’s a homemaker in Jacksonville. She loves the beach too but never goes that much because of arthritis in her legs and arms.”

“That’s a shame, is she in treatment?” Robert takes another drink then cuts a piece of steak and begins eating.

“They will be on Medicare next year, until then they go sporadically to doctors. She has never had a job in her life and he was forced to retire but can’t draw social security until next year.” Regret fills her as soon as the words escaped her treacherous lips. She never tells her personal business to strangers and for some unknown reason she is blathering to this stranger. Mary takes another sip vowing not to reveal anything else. Finish your meal and get your donation and leave!

“I’m sorry to hear of their troubles. Do you get a chance to visit often?”

“No.” Mary says then shuffles an extra-large piece of steak in her mouth. Surely he will not ask her to talk with her mouth full.

“The party on Friday night, you said you were going?”

She chews, nods, then chews more.

“I hope to see you there. Most of the crowd that goes to those affairs is like Mrs. Cartwright. I would like to look out and see a friendly face.” He smiles trying to induce her to smile back.

Mary flashes a half smile. She needs to get the focus off her and back on him. She swallows. “Mrs. O’Connor, tell me more, please.”

“Well, believe it or not, your boss, Mrs. Belmont, is her half-sister. They didn’t meet until Beverly was 35. Her father’s will acknowledged one half-sister and a half-brother who was in jail. He left the hotel to Mrs. Belmont and the land to Beverly. Both ladies were married when he died. He lived with Mrs. O’Connor and her mother but always found a way to keep up with Mrs. Belmont in secret. The women became friends after five years of litigation that ended in a stalemate. Mrs. O’Connor lost her husband during the litigation and never remarried. She remained devoted to Mother Earth until the day she died and believes that transforming the land is monstrous. God put its natural beauty here so all could enjoy it.” Robert pauses to finish his drink. He wants to talk more with Mary but is getting the idea that she is too guarded and he has to be careful with her. “Miss Lake, are you enjoying working at the hotel?”

Mary holds up her finger. She swallows hard then washes it down with her drink. She wipes her mouth with her napkin. “It’s Mary. My job changes daily so I can’t fall into a routine. I love it.”

Robert wants to press more but dares not risk confrontation. “Well, Mary, shall we go inside so I can write you a check?”

Mary smiles and nods. She eyes the last of her drink. Robert pulls her chair out for her. “Thank you.”

“Please have a seat, Mary. I will be right back.” He journeys upstairs.

Mary sits. Before too long her nerves start bothering her. She glances up the stairs then sprints to the bar. A shot will not do it; she up ends the bottle of whiskey. Satiated, she returns to her seat, wiping her mouth.

Robert returns with a check after a few more minutes. “I’m sorry but as soon as I got upstairs my private line rang and I had to take the call. I didn’t mean to keep you waiting.”

“It’s okay, I’m fine.”

“Well, here you are, Mary.” He hands her an envelope with a check inside.

“Thank you, Mr. Tyler. I will get this to Mrs. Cartwright right away.” Mary picks up her bag and puts the check inside. “Good-bye, Mr. Tyler. You have a good evening.”

“Are we back to being formal, Miss Lake?” He asked. “I thought we were making progress.”

The hairs on the back of her neck prickle. A wave of heat rushes over her. “Exactly what kind of progress did you want to make?” she eyes him as her mouth separates from the rest of her body, declaring its freedom. It would fight for her, defend her. “I am not a whore trading sex for donations if that’s what you had in mind.” Shame ripples across her chest, but it is too late, more words fight their way to the surface to defend and declare their freedom. “Hell, you tell one bullshit story about some old bitch and you think I am going to spread my legs. Honey, it will take a lot more than a steak and story to get me. I’m out of here.” A head of steam propels her forward. As she moves, regret etches itself into her features. She cannot believe what happened. It was like hearing the words come from someone else’s mouth but it was her saying those things.

As she walks, she relives one of her screaming sessions with her mother. “Mary what the fuck is wrong with your crazy ass. I swear to god you run hot and cold at a moment’s notice. One minute you are happy and smiling, the next you are cursing up a blue streak and getting violent. You keep this crazy shit up and I am going to have your stupid ass locked away with your crazy Aunt Ruthie Mae.” Her mother would then storm off saying, “I swear to god you must have a split personality. Something is really wrong with you girl!”

Mary turns her feet in the hot sand as she looks out at the road. She closes her eyes, squishing her face. Barbara has the car checking on Jill. She took a cab to Robert Tyler’s home. Mary reaches into her pocket hoping she has her phone, she is not about to go back inside that house. “Fuck!” No phone. Mary closes her eyes once more to gather her strength. She takes off walking up the path to the road away from the house. She wants to put as much distance between the house and her as possible. This is an isolated road so she will have to walk several blocks just to get back into traffic to be picked up. Mary’s heel breaks in the road and she gets so mad she wants to cry. Mary has no choice. She turns and walks back to the house and sits on the front porch. She replays her options, perhaps she missed something.

Robert feels his chest tightening as Mary exits. He sits for a moment then heads for the bar. Sometimes a good drink helps the mind. He notices an empty bottle and it becomes clear. He reasons that Mary has trouble with alcohol. What is he going to do now? Mary is so beautiful with her long flowing hair. She is a jewel: a piece of coal ready for the pressure that will make it a diamond. Should he let her go? Should he take the chance? Robert knows the best thing for him to do is to find a new woman but he can’t. His heart has betrayed him and fastened on Mary. He has to go after her. Robert goes to the window. He sees Mary sitting on his porch. His heart pounds in his chest, he hasn’t lost yet. Robert rushes to the door. He stops, he can’t mess this up. With a breath, he opens the door. He walks out on the porch and looks at Mary. Mary refuses to acknowledge his presence. Robert turns. He goes inside without a word. Mary closes her eyes. If only the floor could open and swallow her. There is no doubt in her mind that the fault is hers, but how to fix this? Everyone turns his or her back on her, why should this man be any different. Mary is about to give up hope and bawl her eyes out when she hears a noise. She looks to her left to see a car come from around the side of the house. The car stops in front of her. Robert gets out and comes around and without a word opens the passenger door. Mary climbs to her feet. She walks to the car, sits in the passenger’s seat, and folds her hands in her lap. She pinches her face, hardening it to hold back her tears. Robert drives her back to the hotel in silence. Mary gets out of the car and goes inside without a word.





 10: Confession





Wednesday evening:





That night Barbara and Mary journey to the Hunting Spot, a combination bar with small dance floor and restaurant. Jill joins them for a late dinner looking much better. They head for the all-you-can-eat buffet. Jill says, “The Chinese food I had earlier was awful, I’m starving. Hey, Mare, what is that in front of you?”

Mary pokes at the food in the tray with her fork. “It looks like crab meat to me, you want to try some of it?”

“Nope, not me. No mystery meat tonight.” Jill turns to Barbara in line behind her. “Barb, you feeling lucky tonight?”

“Not me, that kind of looks like burnt tofu.” Barbara observes a woman refilling some trays. “Excuse me, what is this?”

The woman looks. “Imitation crab meat. I wouldn’t try it if I were you; the girl that made it is the worst cook I have ever seen.”

“Whoa, thanks for the heads up,” says Barbara. “I guess I will stick with the pot roast, no, on second thought I’m going to have the fried chicken and get some fries to go with it.”

Barbara shovels food on her plate.

Mary has no idea of what she wants. She cannot get the day’s events out of her head. Mary ventures to the soup counter for a bowl of clam chowder. She walks back to the table. She smiles at Barbara, “this will do it for me.”

Jill is the last to sit. She has a plate full of meat. Jill twists in her seat, “I couldn’t make up mind so I got a sampler; polish sausage, baked chicken, short ribs, and pork chops. Anybody want any?” The women shake their heads. Jill dives into her food.

Barbara cannot decipher the look on Mary’s face. “Mary, you need to talk about it. We can give you a different point of view. Stop stewing and talk.”

“Leave her alone, she doesn’t need to talk about anything,” says Jill.

“I am the one who has psyche classes, not you,” says Barbara. “Mary, you have to talk it out or it will eat you up inside. You will end up bitter like this one over here.” Barbara jabs her fork at Jill and sneers.

Jill is not about to let that get by her. “You flunked out of college if I remember correctly.”

“Mary, don’t listen to her,” says Barbara. “Misery loves company and she wants you just as sad and pathetic as she is right now. I can help; you can use a different perspective on this.”

Mary stops stirring her soup and puts her fork down. “I made a fool of myself again. I went to Mr. Tyler’s house and we had lunch together on his back patio.”

“That sounds good, what the hell is wrong with that?” asks Barbara.

“Nothing. We were doing ok, he told me about how he got the house and something about Mrs. Cartwright that I didn’t know.” Mary sighs, picking up her fork.

“Come on, Mare, get to the problem and stop beating around the bush,” says Jill.

“God damn it will you two give me a break? Shit! Just listen to what I am saying, all right? The problem started after we finished lunch, everything was fine until then. It was perfect. I found a man that I liked and I could talk to. The problem is not him it is me. I always fuck it up.” Mary threw her fork in her soup and shoved it aside. “I don’t even know why I got this, I don’t want it, I can’t even remember the last time I had this stuff.”

“Relax, Mare, it might not be that bad,” says Jill. She grasps Mary by the hand to help calm her down. “Tell us what went wrong.”

Mary takes a deep breath and exhales. “When he went upstairs to get the check I got nervous. I have never met a man like him before, I don’t know what it is about him but it makes me nervous. I want to talk to him but at the same time he just scares me. I don’t know whether to stay or to run so I took a drink to try and calm my nerves.” Mary hit herself on the forehead several times, “stupid, stupid, stupid. How could I be so stupid?” Mary stays silent for a minute then says, “When he came back down he gave me the check in a sealed envelope. And for some reason I thought he did it because he didn’t trust me and didn’t want me to see what amount he wrote. Then he said something about . . . I don’t even remember what he said, something about the two of us making progress and then going backwards or something. Well anyway I took it the wrong way, like he was trying to proposition me for a bigger donation or something and I just went off. I told him I wasn’t a whore and he could shove his donation up his ass. Well maybe not exactly that, I was confused but I was so mad I think I cussed him out and just stormed off.” Mary shakes her head trying to un-jumble her thoughts. As hard as she tries she just cannot recall the day’s events in their proper order.

“Oh, Mary.” Barbara says with a long sigh. “When you start drinking you do say some crazy shit. But it doesn’t sound too bad, what happened next?”

“I hauled ass out of there and forgot I took a cab. I tried to walk in the road but I was wearing three inch heels and broke one so I turned around and went back to the house and sat on the porch.”

“Mare, you didn’t go in?” Jill asked, raising higher in her chair.

“No. Like a little child a sat there fuming. He must have seen me. He opened the door and looked at me, then went back inside without a word.”

Jill puffed up, “that bastard, he didn’t help you?”

Mary’s face broke into an unexpected smile. “Just the opposite. I heard a car and saw him come around the side of the house. He stopped in front of me and opened the passenger’s door. I got in and he drove me back to the hotel.”

“That’s good, Mary, what’s so bad about that?” Barbara patted her shoulder.

“He didn’t say a word to me. Not when he opened the front door, not when he opened the passenger’s side door, and not when he drove me back to the hotel. I like him but I keep fucking it up. I know he thinks I am the craziest bitch on the face of the earth, and he’s right.” Mary’s face fell.

“All right, let’s take an objective look at this,” says Barbara. “He drove you back, was he angry, did he look like he was mad?”

“I don’t know. I never looked at him.”

“Mare,” says Jill, “you are crazy. How do you get yourself into these things? Just answer one question; do you want a relationship with this man?”

“I do but I don’t. I’m confused about the whole situation.”

“If you didn’t like the man so much it wouldn’t matter.” Barbara says to Mary. “You have poor interpersonal relationship skills, you always have. You chase away men that you like and screw around with guys that you could care less about.”

“Hey, Miss Slut Number One, that is my best friend you are talking about!” Jill’s face blooms cherry red. “You are in no position to question anybody’s relationship skills, you don’t have any.”

“What the fuck is your problem. Mary wants honesty so she can get some help. Stop trying to treat her like a baby.” A glint mushrooms in Barbara’s eyes. “Even if she was a baby, she wouldn’t suck from your tits.” Barbara smirks and then gives Jill the finger. She knows Jill well and can go tit-for-tat with her any day of the week.

“Stop you two. If either of you can offer something helpful then do so, if not, let’s just be quiet and eat.” The women call a truce and everyone eats in silence.

Later, when they finish eating, Barbara says, “Let’s go to the bar.”

“Not me, you two go ahead,” says Mary.

“That’s all right, I’m not feeling it either. Barb you go ahead and get hammered, I might just join you later. Don’t shut the bar down, all right,” smirks Jill.

Barbara climbs to her feet. “I’ll be with that cutie pie over there. See you later.”

Mary gives a wayward smile to Jill. She sighs and covers her face, talking through her hands. “Jilly, I am so messed up I don’t even know what is going on anymore.”

“Mare, like a speeding bullet it has finally hit you,” says Jill.

“What?”

“You’ve fallen, and I mean hard.”

“No. I haven’t.”

“Mare, you have fallen in l-o-v-e. Stop fighting against it and let it happen.”

“You are crazy. That is impossible. This is real life, not a movie. I know nothing about the man and besides, we haven’t even . . . you know.”

“Had sex? Mare, you can fall in love without having slept with a man. Have you forgotten about love at first sight? It happens, Mare. Stop acting like you are immune to life. Try being happy for once. Barb’s fat ass is right about one thing, all the years I have known you, you have never been in a long-term relationship. Risk your heart and go for it. He sounds like a good guy. Hell, you could do a lot worse.” Jill punches her in the arm and laughs. Mary laughs with her.

“Oh, Jilly, I’m scared. I’m scared and I don’t have a reason to be.”

“Mare.” Jill takes both of Mary’s hands in hers. “I am here for you. If it works out good, Hooray! If it doesn’t, I will catch you before you fall. Trust me and trust yourself. Are you ready?”

“I don’t know.”

“One foot in front of the other, Mare, that’s all it takes. You can do it. I will be here to help.”

“I guess I have to stop drinking.”

“Yeah, you do.”

“Easy for you to say, I’m the one who has to do it.” Mary rises and grabs her purse. She exhales a long-kept breath. “Are you going home tonight?”

“I thought we were talking about you and your problems tonight.”

“All right, Jilly, I’ll let it go.”

“Thank you, kind sir.” Jill tilts her head to the side, she winks and grins. She looks for Barbara on the dance floor. “That slut has found a new man. Let’s get out of here.”

Mary and Jill walk toward the door. Mary walks out and Jill turns around in the doorway. She cups her hands. “Hey, whore, we’re out!”

“Stop it,” says Mary, “the two of you are just alike. That’s probably why you fight all the time.”

“No, we are not. I am nothing like that whore. I don’t know why you like her.”

“I like her for the same reasons that I like you.” The two walk down the street back to Mary’s apartment.





 11: The Party





Friday evening:





Everyone gathers at the Convention Center for the party to celebrate the Breast Cancer Foundation’s donation drive success. The men don formal black suits with white ties or bow ties and the women adorn themselves with jewelry and full-length gowns. The party has a small ensemble of characters put together as a band that plays opera type music. The tables all have fancy white table clothes with matching napkins displaying the foundation’s logo: a breast under a magnifying glass. Each table seats at least six guests with the tables nearest the stage area seating ten. These two tables are long and rectangular instead of round like the others and they only have chairs on one side. All the tables have fancy short candleholders in the center featuring three gold candles.

The Convention Center is next to the Belmont and you enter by way of an underground tunnel or an overhead catwalk that connects the two buildings. The women finished their day of work and left early to go to the center to change. Jill and Barbara are servers; they negotiated a time and a half deal with Mary by calling the event a work function. If Mary is going to drag them there for security reasons then they will need to be paid accordingly. Though Jill is home with Bert they have not resolved their home life. She wants this to be a night of peace and quiet but with Mrs. Cartwright as her boss she knows it won’t be. Mrs. Cartwright greeted them at the entrance three hours before the start of the party with server uniforms and a scowl.

Mrs. Cartwright inspects the women donning pink uniforms with white gloves. The uniform is a knee-high simple dress with a zipper in the back and pockets by each hip. It has a white collar that buttons in the back and white collars at the sleeves. She pins the symbol of the Breast Cancer Foundation on each of their uniforms above their right breast. She grumbles as Mary, Barbara, and Jill walk in late. She dismisses the others then squares off against the late comers. “The guests will start arriving in one hour. Your job is to walk around the room with trays providing them with whatever they need. You three will probably spill drinks over everyone so none of you will carry drinks. Mrs. Belmont told me to inform you that if any of you are seen with alcohol or if you even smell of alcohol you will be fired immediately. Is that clear?” she scowls at all three. Why is she directing her comments solely at them? They nod. “The presentations will last three hours with different speakers taking the podium. You will remain on your feet and out front the whole time. Dinner will begin at 8 o’clock sharp followed by a dance; you will stay in uniform for the dinner. Those are your trays over there. Jane and Alex Shaver will give you your instructions after you get your trays. Now let’s go into the main room.”

They walk without talking.

Mrs. Cartwright continues, “Do not talk to any of the guests while you are serving. If asked a question, say as little as possible. Do not stay in one spot, your job is to move around the room so you will be close if someone needs something. Do not be rude or hostile to any guest or you will be fired. And for those of you with loose morals,” she turns to scowl at Jill and Barbara then at Mary, “you will not at any time flirt with any guest. Do your job and keep moving, now go report to Jane and Alex for your assignments.” Mrs. Cartwright goes to the stage area and the women return to the kitchen.





The three women hold trays as the guests filter into the room. Some take snacks from the trays while others pass by ignoring them. Mary and her girls agree that they are all snobs. The orchestra plays nonstop and servers move around the tables like mice in a maze. Half the guests sit while the rest stand talking. Mary positions herself by the door with her tray to service those entering the room. Her smile is as thick as Mrs. Cartwright’s who greets a couple from Barcelona that own a chain of hotels and restaurants. Mary gawks at the woman’s impressive dress. She tallies the cost at a minimum of $20,000 and the necklace at an easy $250,000. Mary gives praise for her sobriety, she would surely spill something on the designer dress and be fired and sued all at the same time. Though she is thankful, Mary wants a drink to calm her nerves. Her hands grow wet with perspiration which leads to the jitters, she blames it on the white gloves she wears. After the couple passes Mary faces her next challenge: Robert Tyler. He stands in the doorway tall and handsome wearing a black tuxedo with a white shirt and white bow tie.

Robert greets Mrs. Cartwright, “Good evening.”

“Good evening, we have numbered place settings; please find your seat, we will begin shortly.”

“Thank you.” Robert moves past her to the server. He sees that it is Mary. He views her tray, smiles, and walks past her into the room to greet others.

Mary’s heart sinks, a cold response, wow. Her tray shakes in her hand before she silences it. She prays no one sees and scans the room as Robert walks away. Her mouth forms a giant “O” as he approaches her friend. She and Jill have the same tray of snacks but he passes by her without so much as a word. Lost in thought, Mary smiles and nods as a guest takes something from her tray. It snaps her back. Mrs. Cartwright is still at her side but now frowning. Looking at her tray, Mary rushes to the kitchen to refill it and return as fast as she can.

“Jilly,” whispers Mary as they pass in the main room on her way back, “come here.” They retreat to a corner.

“What’s up?” Jill replies while twisting the pink cancer ribbon on her uniform.

Mary points at Robert, “that’s him over there talking with the old couple.”

Jill looks where Mary points to see three people talking. Robert has his back to her so she waits until he turns. “Not a bad looking man. You got taste, Mare.”

“I don’t know. He passed by me and didn’t take anything off my tray but took something from yours later.”

Jill thinks back to earlier and says, “Yeah right, oh Mare, close up he is a doll. Don’t let him get away from you and watch out for Barbara, you know she is going to be all over the single men tonight.”

“Barb likes his friend. I haven’t seen him here tonight. I’ll go and ask Barb—”

“Get back out here and do your jobs!” Mrs. Cartwright rushes over to break up the happy gossiping couple. The old woman gritted her teeth in what she thought resembled a smile. “I swear to god if this night goes bad because of the two of you, I will have your heads.”

Mary and Jill move from the corner and begin circling the room with their trays. They walk throughout the presentations, circling the back of the room as if vultures ready to feast on those lulled to sleep by dull speakers.

Then, the unthinkable happens—one of the guests demands an item only found on Mary and Jill’s tray. Mrs. Cartwright’s face tightens, her color reddens. The thin smile she wears is not enough to cover her disdain. With a bigger smile she motions the drudgery forward. Slowly the girls advance to the two head tables: the highest donors. Mary’s boss, Mrs. Belmont, sits at the table with her husband. The surprise is Robert and his friend, Jerry Carpenter, who made the request.

Mrs. Cartwright draws blood from clenched fists but maintains her smile, hoping the girls do not drop something on her guests. She lets out a long held breath when they leave with no incidents.

After presentations, the group rises and goes to another room while the servers rearrange the chairs and tables. Mary, Barbara, and Jill remove the table clothes from the head tables and spread the tables out placing chairs on both sides. Barbara and Jill place new pink table clothes on the tables while Mary lights candles. Alex and Jane direct the entire staff on how to lay place settings for the guests. When the guests return, they applaud. Mary and Jill place glasses of water on the tables, after they stay in the kitchen watching the people eat. Halfway through dinner Jane Shaver releases all the volunteers and only keeps her paid staff.

Mary says, “Let’s go change for the dance.” They grab their bags and scramble to the elevator. They exit to a silver plaque on a door that reads, the Culver Room. Inside is a large room with sofas and chairs and alongside one wall are dressers and mirrors. Mary remembers 50 beauty contestants using the room during the Miss Sunny Isles Pageant. Jill and Barbara sit on a sofa talking while Mary changes in the small bathroom. Mary returns to stand in front of a full-length mirror. She dons a conservative, yet busty, red strapless dress.

“Oh, Mare, you are gorgeous.”

“You are beautiful,” says Barbara.

“Thanks, it is a little tight in the belly but I don’t intend to eat or drink a thing.” Mary twirls in front of the mirror, “do I look like a princess going to the ball?” She laughs and twirls again.

“How about if I just say be home before midnight, Cinderella,” says Jill.

Barbara laughs. “You are the Belle of the Ball; wait for me, I’m next.” Barbara picks up her gown and heads for the change room.

Jill looks at Mary, “how are you feeling?”

“I have butterflies, tons of butterflies. I could use a drink right about now.” The two women laugh so hard their eyes fill with tears. “Oh, no, let me stop,” says Mary. She goes over to one of the many dressers and plops down to look at herself in the mirror. “Did you bring your makeup kit with you?”

“Hold on, I’ll go get it,” says Jill.

Mary brushes her hair. Jill returns and hands her the kit. “I need to do something with this hair. Any suggestions?”

Jill hands Mary a napkin which she uses to wipe her eyes. Jill stands behind her examining Mary’s long brown hair. “Up or down?”

“I don’t know, how about a loose ponytail?”

Jill brushes Mary’s locks and puts a scrunchie at the base of her neck and a hair tie at the end. “There, how does that look?”

Mary turns her head from side to side, “I like it, thanks.”

Barbara comes back into the room wearing a red dress. It is an Espiral red mid-plunging neckline dress for clubbing. Mary ordered one for a client and new the retail price was $350. The dress hugs Barbara’s ass and goes down to mid-thigh level. A red strap around her neck holds the dress up on either side with two brass rings that connect the strap with the rest of the dress. The inside of both breasts are visible and the dress opens to a point halfway down between her breasts and her navel. If she turns a certain way more of her breast becomes visible. With Barbara's long red hair flowing behind her, she is beautiful. “How do I look?”

“A little tight but I like it,” says Jill. She is not big on giving Barbara compliments but the dress is tame compared to hers.

“I think you are the Belle of the Ball, Barb,” says Mary. “I never saw that dress at the shop. You are a vision.” Mary hugs Barbara.

“Thanks, guys, I saw it and snapped it up so neither of you could claim it.”

“I guess that just leaves me,” says Jill. She rises from the sofa with her bagged dress.

“Hurry up, slowpoke, you know how you like to take forever,” says Mary.

“You two go ahead. You are right, Mare, it will take me awhile so you two go checkout the scenery. I’ll be there in a few minutes, all right?”

“We can wait, the dinner is not over yet,” says Mary.

“No, go ahead, I want to make a grand entrance so all eyes will be on me. Not you two heifers.”

Barbara and Mary both laugh. “All right, Miss Grand Entrance, have your day in the sun,” says Barbara. She and Mary leave the room.

Mary and Barbara walk down the hall and pass the elevators to a set of double doors. As they make it to the doors they hear music inside.

“Mary, Mary, over here.” Mary turns to her right and sees her boss, Mrs. Belmont, talking with Robert Tyler and Jerry Carpenter. The woman’s eyes grow large as she takes in Mary’s dress with appreciative nods. She then unfastens her five strand pearl necklace and moves toward the women with a warm smile. Without asking, Mrs. Belmont places her pearl necklace around Mary’s neck and fastens it in place.

“Oh, no! No!” she protests.

“Shhh,” counters the old woman to silence her. She strokes the lovely beads. “There, that will do nicely. Come along, let me introduce you to one of our biggest donors. Mary Lake this is Mr. Robert Tyler. Robert this is Mary Lake, she is the Belmont’s Office Manager. And Barbara Limbaugh this is Jerry Carpenter, another of our benefactors.”

Mary turns to Mrs. Belmont, her hand on the expensive necklace ready to protest again, but before she can speak, Robert says, “it is nice to meet you, Miss Lake, Miss Limbaugh. I hope both of you are enjoying the evening.”

Mary gives a controlled smile. “Thank you, we are.”

Barbara decides not to waste any more time. “Mr. Carpenter, is it Jerry?” She holds out her hand hoping he will kiss it like the men in the movies.

“Mrs. Belmont, Miss Lake, I don’t mean to be rude but I would like to talk with this young lady if the two of you don’t mind.” Jerry takes Barbara by the hand to lead her to a corner. Barbara steps in front of him to draw his attention to her assets. She exaggerates her hips as she walks. Jerry follows as if in a trance.

“Well, if that don’t beat all,” says Mrs. Belmont, laughter rolling across her pink face. “What I wouldn’t give to be thirty years younger and with a backside like that. You know, Robert, I used to turn a few heads back in my day.”

“Oh, I am sure you turned more than a few heads. I have always told Stanley he is a lucky son of a gun to have snapped you up so early. If I were twenty years older I would give him a run for his money.” They share a loud laugh.

Mary stands listening. She can feel the perspiration sliding down her arms, catching every hair follicle, zinging her with unbearable sparks. She turns her head, searching for an exit. Escape overwhelms every thought. Her girls let her down, again: this was the very reason why she asked them to come with her.

Mrs. Belmont hits Robert playfully, “you stop it, you devil, you. They should arrest you, trying to turn and old lady's head like that.” They giggle some more. Then Mrs. Belmont eyes Mary. “Mary, will you entertain this devil while I see to the rest of our guests? Robert, be good to her, she is a class act.”

“Of course, Mrs. Belmont.”

The old woman strokes the necklace again, giving a cryptic look to Mary’s face and hair. Mary kisses her on the cheek, unable to ascertain her true motive. Mrs. Belmont smiles, then departs.

After an awkward silence, Robert says, “Miss Lake—”

“Mary.” She directs him out onto the balcony. She closes the doors behind them and turns to him. “I am sorry for the things I said and for my behavior in general.” She prays he responds but he doesn’t, forcing her to prattle on. “I sometimes act and say things that I shouldn’t because, well because I . . . well I apologize and I am sincerely sorry. Will you forgive me?”

Figuring her out is a tough order. Robert gives a warm smile. “I forgive you if you will forgive me.”

“You didn’t do anything.”

“I made you nervous when we first met and I apologize for it. If I had apologized earlier maybe some of the other stuff wouldn’t have happened. I am sorry.”

A smile creeps across Mary’s face, removing her doubts. “I guess that takes care of that.”

“Perhaps our problem is that we talk too much, why don’t we be quiet and dance.”

“There’s no music.”

Robert gives a mischievous smile. He waggles his brows before opening the doors, bathing her soul with warmth. Music fills the balcony. “No talking, just dancing.” He extends a warm hand. Robert pulls her tentative frame in close to him so tight he feels her heart hammering. Fearing she may bolt he releases to allow more space between them. They twirl around the small balcony oblivious to everything around them.

Barbara and Jerry watch the happy couple from a table near the balcony. “Way to go Mary!” Barbara whispers.

“What did you say?”

Barbara points to the balcony. “That is my girl dancing with your boy. He better treat her nice or I will come after him like a hurricane.” Barbara fashions a seductive grin she aims at Jerry, her deadly intent is not lost on him.

“Don’t worry about those two,” smirks Jerry. “I think they make a good couple. I will tell you an inside secret; he is absolutely crazy about her. He told me so the other day. He just can’t figure out why she hates him.”

“No, no, no, no, she doesn’t hate him. That is just a front that she puts up. Mary is in love with him but afraid he will break her heart. She has been through a lot and it hasn’t been easy.”

“Well, so has he.” Jerry scans the beautiful redhead. “You know if you could read my mind, I would have to wash it out with soap.” His cheeks fill with red fire he holds just for her.

Barbara leans in to whisper. “I’ve already been through two bars of soap myself.”

A delicious smile crosses his face. He leans in to whisper. “Let’s find a broom closet.” He arches his brows, grabs her hand, and tugs her toward the elevator. Once inside and moving downward, Jerry slams the stop button. Barbara moves in the blink of an eye. Together, they kiss and grope while their hearts race. Unable to keep cordial, Jerry hits the button again. They leave the elevator and enter the first room they find, a supply room.

“Careful with the dress, I have to take it back tomorrow.”

“Okay, okay.”

A darkened room means there is no need to talk. They skip the preliminaries to gain carnal knowledge of each other as fast as possible. Once satiated, they return to the dance to twirl around the room with others.

Robert scans Mary making mental notes of every moment in case something goes wrong. He focuses on Mary’s long brown hair, how it shimmers in the moonlight. He takes in the contrast between her bright red gown and golden brown skin. She is a goddess. No painter can do justice to God’s masterpiece. Her face, her hair, the way her breasts long to spill over the top of her gown, she overwhelms his senses. After a few dances, Robert directs her to a couch on the balcony so they can talk. Perhaps sitting will calm him and keep her from bolting.

“Have you enjoyed your evening?”

“Yes, I have,” says Mary.

“I think back to a conversation we had and I am trying to come up with the words but nothing seems appropriate.”

“Words for what?”

“From the moment I saw you in this dress, the only word that comes to mind is that you are beautiful and I know how you hate that word.”

Mary lowers her head to hide her smile. “I don’t hate the word.”

“You just don’t think it is very imaginative.”

A laugh springs from her chest before she can lasso it. “I’ve heard it quite a bit; it has been said to me, to my girlfriends, and to every woman, including those who are in caskets at a viewing. I would prefer it if people said something else.”

“Forgive me for being so plain, I am not that educated when it comes to words. Tell me, if I had a dictionary in my hands now what words would I find instead of beautiful?”

“You mean a thesaurus. Other words for beautiful could be . . . I don’t know . . . fascinating, mind blowing, exquisite . . . there are many to choose from.”

Robert regards his hands as if searching for something elusive. He looked back up. “Do you work mornings?”

“Yes.”

“Tomorrow I will find the perfect word. I will phone you at work to let you know which word I chose. Would that be all right with you?”

Mary beams knowing she will have a call to look forward to. “Yes, that will be all right with me.”

“Good. Did it take you long to pick out the dress? I hope it wasn’t too much trouble for you.”

No man had ever asked her about her clothing except to say how much will it cost him. What an unusual man he was. She liked that he was thoughtful and a communicator. “No, it wasn’t any trouble. I went with my girlfriends and we found dresses in a matter of minutes.”

A photographer in the ballroom catches his eye. “I have to make a confession to you, Mary. I have been trying to make a mental picture of you but it is not working. You know how they say ‘take a picture, it will last longer?’ Do you mind if I take a picture of you in your dress?”

Again, his words touch her. Somehow he knows which buttons to push to make her melt. Mary is both afraid by the attraction to this man and frightened half to death. She nods more for herself than him. She is going to take a chance. Though her knees knock and her heart threatens to fling itself from her chest if she doesn’t leave immediately, she stares into his eyes and utters the words, “I don’t mind.”

“Good.” Robert waves at the photographer standing near them. He asks Mary to stand with the moon behind her. Joy fills him as the photographer snaps her picture.

“Please join me,” says Mary, “it is only fair.” The man snaps another picture.

“Would you care for another dance?” Robert asks.

“Yes.”

Robert and Mary dance to slow music. Mary rests her head against Robert’s chest and places her hands on his strong back. She will open up and be stronger and not ruin the moment with fears. She feels wonderful, as if all is right with the world. She barely moves on the balcony under the moon. No one exists but her and this man with a back strong enough to lift her or catch her if she falls. She feels as if whisked away on the clouds.

Robert stops dancing to gaze on his angel. He cups his hands around her face. His fingers tremble. Without a word he releases her and walks behind her.

Mary’s face falls. Has she done something wrong? Before she can ask, she feels quivering fingers stroking her long hair. The bows restraining her hair fall away to let her hair flow down her back. Robert caresses her curly locks in a gesture so intimate it forecasts future events. To feel those magical fingers lower is all she wants. She needs it. She pants, unable to gain control.

Focus. Focus.

His fingers comb her hair then place it around her shoulders like a heavy coat. Mary never moves, intrigued by his curiosity, his boldness. Robert comes back around to face her. her chest tightens, her heart hammers. He again cups her face and fixes her with a mesmerizing stare, searching. He lowers his face to hers and softly kisses her on the lips, sending shock waves throughout her body. She feels as if electrocuted by pure pleasure. Mary wraps her arms around him, tugging him closer and kissing him more deeply to spur him on. She is not a doll and will not break. Her fever sweeps into Robert. His kisses plunge them into a furnace of desire they cannot escape.

He pulls his lips from her taking her breath with him. Mary moves involuntarily, instinctively toward him longing for another breath to keep her alive. She cranes toward him, her heart pattering. Fear builds. She is not brave enough to face this kind of death. Mary backs away out of self-preservation. She pants. “We better go inside.”

“All right.” Robert walks her inside.

Mary thinks up a diversion. “I want you to meet one of my best friends.” They walk over to the couple and stop them from dancing. “Barbara this is the man I was talking about.”

Barbara knows something is wrong by the way Mary holds her gaze. She points to a table. “Let’s all go have a seat and get to know each other better.” Together, they walk toward the table. They stop dead in their tracks. Jill stops in the middle of the room, her hands on her full hips. She models not only a tight dress, but a bust-boosting, strapless red gown featuring embroidered chiffon.

Mary’s eyes grow wide. Her mouth moves but no words come out. No wonder she didn’t want us to stay while she changed. Mary gawks recalling their morning trip to the store to pick out their dresses:





Mary, Jill, and Barbara went to Suit and Things, a consignment shop that sells bathing suits as well as rents gowns and tuxedos. They had to find something for the party and waited to the last minute to find their dresses. Barbara saw a wedding dress with a long train, “whoa, can I try that on?” She said to the saleslady and owner.

“The dressing room is back to your right,” said the owner.

“Thanks, I’ll be right back.” She came back a few minutes later wearing the gown and holding the train in her hand. “Well, how do I look?”

“You look fine, Barb,” said Mary. “Maybe if you are lucky you will get to wear one for real.”

“Yeah,” said Jill, “but it won’t be white, that’s for damn sure.”

“Do you have to be a bitch every day?” yelled Barbara.

“Yeah, I do,” said Jill.

Barbara gave Jill the finger and looked at herself in the mirror. “Not bad, not bad at all. I could be a bride and rock this thing out.” Barbara danced in front of the mirror.

“You better take that thing off before you mess it up,” said Mary. While Barbara moved to the bathroom, she carried a bright red dress to the owner. “This might be a little tight in the waist, can it be taken out? Will that make it not returnable?”

“I’m afraid so. No alterations on rentals. If you buy it you can do what you like.”

“Let me try it on first and then I’ll decide, is there another change room?”

“You can use the men’s change room behind you.”

“Thank you.” Mary turned to go to the room.

Jill looked through all the gowns and settled on a red strapless number that would do the girls proud. Her nipples would appear as eyes pressing against the thin fabric. If she made a quick dip . . . “whoa, Nelly, the girls will be able to see everything at the party in this number.” She checked the size on the back label, “perfect!” Jill did not try her dress on. She rushed up front and paid the clerk, insisting on a carry case for her gown.

Mary came out of the dressing room and looked in the mirror. Her plan would be to take home a plate of anything she thought tasted good and try it then. She looked in the full-length mirror one more time, examining her whole look. She had a pair of shoes to wear but her hair wasn’t quite right, she knew she could go to the beauty parlor but would have to make it quick. Mary went back and changed and went to the front of the store to pay for her dress.

Barbara put the wedding dress back and found a cute red dress. She decided to rent it and not try it on, Jill had discouraged her enough and she would wait and face the mirror in her bedroom. She took the dress up front and paid the rental fee. The three women walked out of the store and back down the two blocks to the Belmont hotel.





# # #





A Cheshire cat grin spreads across Barbara’s face as she takes in her nemesis. “Wow! I guess I’ve been demoted.”

Mary turns to Robert. “Could you excuse us for a moment?”

“Of course,” says Robert.

“Come on,” says Mary to Barbara.

Barbara and Mary leave the men and walk toward Jill who is soaking in all the stares. Jill beams as the two women approach. Mary gazes at the plunging openness that goes down to Jill’s navel. Barbara leans in to whisper so only the three of them hear. “Who’s the slut now?” her face fills with a warm pinkish glow. She winks at Mary.

Mary takes in Jill’s entire ensemble. “I guess this is why you wanted us to go ahead?” She looks at the people staring. “Come on.” She takes Jill by the hand and leads her to Robert and Jerry. Maybe they can gather in a circle and shield the vixen.





 12: Walk Me to the Door





Jerry fastens on Jill as she sashays toward them. When she comes closer he sees the illusion, the center portion is a near transparent, nude color fabric. It gives the appearance the dress splits from her shoulders to her navel. She can’t walk fast or everything will spill from over her ample top. Intrigue fills Jerry as he makes guesses about what’s underneath. Jill wears a bracelet on her wrist to match her blond short hair and dons five-inch stiletto heels.

“Hello,” says Jerry.

“Hello, I’m Jillian Thomas, I’m happy to make your acquaintance.” Jill bends before him in a graceful bow.

Jerry gazes down her cleavage to see how amazing the view is from stem to stern. “I’m pleased to meet you, Miss Thomas.” His smile is to her face but his eyes never leave the sacred ground before them.

Jill indulges a moment longer then slowly lifts to guide his eyes back to another mesmerizing sight. “Please call me Jill. I have a feeling we might be seeing a lot of each other.” She turns slightly to reel in her catch.

Barbara’s face heats as she clenches her fists to the point of drawing blood. She stands at Jill’s side. “I doubt if your husband will let you out much after tonight. Maybe you should go call him and report in.” Barbara never goes after one of her friends’ lovers and is not about to let Jill go after hers.

Jill turns with thin-pursed lips. “You know I am not married, Barbara, stop lying and put little Miss Green Eyes to bed.” She refocuses on her prey. “May I sit here?”

Jerry shifts his gaze from Jill to Barbara then back to Jill, “I guess so.” They sit on a cozy couch while Barbara stands. The others stand across from them in front of another couch.

Barbara makes a move toward the happy couple. Mary springs into action, stepping in front of her raging friend. “Mr. Tyler, I would like for you to meet my best friend Jill. Jill I would like for you to meet Mr. Tyler.”

Various emotions flash across Barbara’s face. Now is not the time for cattiness but she will not take a backseat to Jill’s shenanigans. She grits her teeth to whisper in a calm voice. “Mary, may I talk to you for a minute.”

“Yes,” says Mary. She walks Barbara away from the group.

“If you don’t get that slut away from him I am going to kill her.”

“Don’t do anything crazy, one of you acting up is enough for me.”

“I’m not kidding,” whispers Barbara through gritted teeth. “I will yank her hair out by the roots.” Barbara looks over at Jill on the couch whispering to Jerry. “Look at that scandalous whore.”

Jill leans in to whisper to Jerry, making sure he gets an eye full of the girls. “Excuse me a minute, Jerry, my idiot friend is having a nervous breakdown.” Jill joins Mary and Barbara.

Jerry shakes desperately trying to hold in his laugh. Robert glares at him from the other couch. “I didn’t do anything.”

Robert surprises them both by chuckling. “You better cut it out before you get stabbed.”

“Man, I’m innocent. I was just sitting here, you saw it yourself.”

Robert keeps a measured tone to give useful advice. “Those are three best friends; I wouldn’t be a bit surprised if all three stabbed you. Pick one and be done with it. You don’t have time to waste.”

Jill goes over and hears the two women arguing, “all right, all right, all right damn it, I am out of here. I am going to the bar across the street so you two can stop your shit. I am out of here.” Jill stomps to the elevator then walks across the street to a bar to have a drink in peace.

A grin graces Barbara’s face as she watches Jill leave. “Good riddance, slut.” Barbara struts back over to the couch with Mary and they each sit beside their man. Barbara gives the man across from her a stern look. “Now, Robert, now that we have some quiet time, tell me about yourself, what do you do for a living?”

Robert smiled at her and then looks at Mary seated beside him. “I dabble in a few different areas but right now I play the markets with that guy.” He points, tossing the ball into Jerry’s court.

Jerry clears his throat. “We went to college together, in fact, we were roommates. After college I went into business and got a job as a New York stockbroker. I always had a knack at picking winners. Robert wanted advice on the markets so we hooked up and are a sensational dynamic duo.”

Robert claps his hands silently. “Jerry is the real star, he picks winners and I just provide a little cash to get the ball rolling.”

“Well how do you like that Mary, we found ourselves a couple big timers.” Barbara claps silently at Mary.

“Barbara,” says Robert. “Let’s change the subject for a moment. Mary won’t tell me much about herself so I am relying on you to play spoiler.”

Barbara eyes Mary for permission. “Well, Mary is smart, dedicated, and the best friend you could ever hope for. Me, I am silly and get myself into all kinds of trouble and she is there to rescue me every time. Mary is one in a million. If you can win her heart she will be loyal forever.”

Robert graces Mary with a smile. “That is a good friend you have got in your corner. I thought you were special the moment I saw you.” He winks before turning back to Barbara. “Now I need to hear her bad points and don’t look at her either.”

“Mary doesn’t have bad points.”

Robert sizes up Barbara and tries a new tactic. “Everyone has a bad side, tell me what will happen to me if I get on Mary’s bad side.”

“Well, then you are asking for trouble.” She looks at Mary. “Mary can fly off the handle; I suppose I can say that without her getting mad at me.”

Mary shifts from side to side. She releases a nervous laugh. “I’m not mad, Barb, I try to be as fair as possible.”

“Well,” says Robert, “I still don’t know the hell I’m in for. Tell me more.”

“That’s enough,” says Mary. “It is getting late and I have an early shift tomorrow.” Mary stands. The others follow suit. She walks over to Jerry, “it was nice to meet you, Jerry. I hope I see you again soon.”

“My pleasure,” says Jerry. “This little lady here is the most amazing woman I have ever met.”

Barbara grins from ear to ear. “I aim to please.”

Robert greets Barbara with a hug. “It was nice to meet you, Barbara. I hope you don’t mind but I want to walk this young lady downstairs.”

“Not at all.” Barbara reaches up and kisses the tall man on the cheek.

“I hope you don’t mind?” Robert says to Mary and holds out his arm for her.

“Not at all, good night, you two.” Mary and Robert leave for the elevator. Once off, Mary turns to Robert. “You don’t have to walk me, I stay just around the corner.”

“At least let me walk you to the front door. But first, I have two wishes, if you don’t mind.” Robert waits, staring her down. She matches his intensity then falters.

“All right.”

“First, I want you to call me Robert. I want to hear you say my name. I don’t recall ever hearing you say it so if you don’t mind . . .”

“Robert.”

“Second, I would like for you to hold my hand as I walk you to the door.”

Mary releases a long kept breath. Her cheeks flame and her belly rumbles. “No problem.” She takes his warm hand and allows the escort. Robert stops at the door. He feels resistance but turns Mary toward him nevertheless. He cups her face in his hands once more and softly kisses her sweet lips. Mary keeps control. She stops her arms from flying around his neck and refuses to hug him. She feels a pull from deep within. She breaks the embrace. “Goodnight, Robert.”

Robert’s brows come together as he watches her walk down the street.





Barbara rests her head against Jerry’s chest on the dance floor. Her breath hitches as she listens to the steady drum of his wild heart. She loves every minute with him. But trouble rears its ugly head in the distance, a bank clock saddens her. She stops swaying and raises her head to look at him. “Jerry, I hate to say it, but I have to go. Mary is not the only one with an early wake up call. I hate to leave, but I have to.”

“No. Take the day off and stay with me. I promise you won’t regret it.”

“I have to go. Walk with me.” She adds in a devilishly singsong way, “You may get a surprise!”

“I like surprises, give me a hint.”

“Do I have to?” her lips come together in a schoolgirl pout.

“Don’t toy with me, beautiful.”

“I have to change out of this dress. Would you be willing to lend a poor girl a helping hand?” She bats her eyes and frowns playfully.

“Oh man, the things I have to do. Lead the way, beautiful.”

Barbara leads him toward the Culver Room with a seductive entrapment. Jerry trails watching her rump shaker. She gazes behind her then teases with a harder shake. Once inside, Jerry gawks as she unfastens the two brass rings that hold the dress up. She lets it fall to the floor and steps out of it. Jerry stands transfixed, she wears nothing underneath. True, they did the deed earlier but now he sees how Lady Luck graced him. Her long red hair lies against her back in teasing fashion, daring him to do the same. Her breasts are small and perky, guided missiles aimed in his direction. Jerry drops his gaze to her smooth thin waist. His eyes rake over her, pulling and digging into her flesh as they go. Goosebumps rise in their wake. Still his eyes continue their tantalizing journey, waking parts of her she hadn’t realized were alive and yearning. They travel down to the amazing curvature of her hips. They move down to her shaved womanhood complete with landing strip: red of course. Jerry releases a long gasp. Barbara shimmies and his eyes fly up to her trap.

“My god in heaven above, can you get more beautiful?”

Barbara lips sprout into a big smile. She strikes a pose. “How about now?”

Jerry shakes off a lightheaded feeling. “Exquisite. If only I knew how to paint; you would be my star.” Feeling an embarrassing rise in his loins, he closes the distance and kisses her. After several passionate kisses, Barbara undresses Jerry and moves him to the couch the girls sat on earlier. After more kisses and caresses, it was time to do the deed.

Suddenly, there is a rustling at the door—two female servers from the Shaver’s dinner party staff. “Is anyone in here?” One girl whispers.

“No, they are all at the party,” says the second. “Come here, baby.”

“I don’t feel right about being in here, someone could walk in.”

Barbara claps her hand over her mouth to keep from laughing out loud.

“Come here, baby, no one ever comes in here. Trust me, sweetie.”

“I just don’t feel right out in the open like this.”

“Come on, baby, you said you wanted excitement and adventure, I am trying to give you that.”

“I’m sorry.”

“Let’s go back there, it’s a bathroom. We can lock the door and have some fun in there, all right, baby?”

“That sounds better.”

The two women move to the small bathroom. Barbara lifts her head above the couch. “Oh, shit, that was fucking close.” She laughs quietly, “no sex for you tonight big boy.”

“Oh, come on,” says Jerry. “Look at me; I know you are not going to leave me like this!”

“Sorry, Charlie.” Barbara dresses as fast as she can. She grabs her gown off the floor and she and Jerry leave. They race down the hall to the elevator and after getting on board, laugh themselves silly while the elevator goes down. They get off the elevator and walk toward the door. “Ooh, wee, that was close. My god, there are lesbians everywhere aren’t there?” She starts laughing again.

“Maybe it’s a full moon.” Jerry howls. Barbara looks to see if anyone is around. She bursts with another fit of laughter.

“Hell, first Jill and now these two. I have seen enough lesbians for one day.”

Jerry’s eyes grow twice their size. His mouth hangs open. “Your friend Jill is a lesbian?”

“Well, not technically a full-blown lesbo, but she does occasionally prefer the taste of women over men.”

“I don’t believe it. Jill in the red dress, the I-gotta-have-it-right-now tight dress?”

Barbara keeps walking toward the door. “It’s true, she has a fiance and everything, but she does love the carpet.” When they reach the door Barbara turns around. “I have to get home. Will you call me? I want to see you again and I mean soon.” She kisses the man, “I had a wonderful time.” Then she walks out of the building ensnaring him once more. She disappears around a corner, releasing her hold on him.





 13: After Party





Jerry putters down the street stopping at a small bar. He hungers for a beer and smoke. As he walks up to the counter he spots a blonde with short hair sitting on a stool at the end of the counter. Could it be Barbara’s friend Jill? Choosing stealth, he plants himself on a bar stool on the other side of the bar. This small watering hole has a small bar area shaped into an odd-shaped square. Bar stools fill each side with a bartender in the middle surrounded by bottles of liquor and glasses. “Give me a Jack and Coke, light on the Coke.” He says to the bartender.

A woman graces his back. “Anyone sitting here?”

Jerry turns, “no.”

The woman sits with her drink in her hand. “Thanks.”

Jerry pays no attention to the woman as she eyes him. He drums his fingers waiting for his drink.

The woman leans closer, “My name is Robin, would you like some company?”

“No, thank you, I am just here to grab a quick drink before heading out.”

“I could head out with you.” The woman places a hand on his thigh.

Jerry orders another drink and removes the woman’s hand. “Thanks for the offer but this is not a good night, maybe some other time.” He doesn’t care if she is a freebie or a working girl; nothing is going to happen with her tonight. He wants to make that perfectly clear.

Robin takes another sip of her drink. She gives her best smile. “Let me buy you another drink before you leave and then—”

“And then you will be on your way, skank,” says Jill, standing behind the woman. “Get away from my man or the only thing you will be buying is going to be two new front teeth.”

“Whatever,” the woman gulps the rest of her drink and slams the glass on the bar. “Take him, he’s all yours.” She exits to the other side of the bar in search of fresh game.

Jill watches with a scowl. Her face breaks into a smile as the woman leaves the bar with a drunk. She then turns to Jerry. “Is this seat taken?”

Jerry gives a hefty chuckle. “No, be my guest.”

Jill laughs and sits down. “I saw her circling like a vulture. She has pulled the same number on every man that has walked through the door. I thought you might need a little help because a woman like that does not take no for an answer.”

“I sincerely thank you, Madame.” Jerry bows toward her. “Can I buy you a drink?”

“Well, I shouldn’t but who gives a shit now anyway.”

“On second thought, you might have had too many already.” Jerry scans her face.

“No, no, no, you offered and I accepted. No take backsies,” says Jill, slurring her words.

Jerry studies her carefully. “If that woman hadn’t have left on her own, what would you have done?”

“Drinks first, then the conversation starts.”

Jerry summons the bartender. Jill is already hammered but he doesn’t care. Barbara’s disclosure piqued his curiosity. Is she gay? “We will have two more and some—”

“Get a pitcher of beer and some glasses.” She staggers to a table.

“I’m sorry you left the party. I wanted to dance with you because that dress you have on is mind-blowing.”

“Thank you, I’m glad somebody noticed.” The pitcher arrives at the table, Jill pours. “How about a toast? To men with good eyesight.” They clink glasses and down their drinks.

Jerry stares at Jill with an inquisitiveness she won’t understand. Perhaps her short haircut is a sign of her lesbianism. He takes in her large breasts and decides that with breasts like that there is no way she is gay. She may have dabbled at one point but god did not make a body like that with gorgeous breasts for another woman to ignore. Those breasts have been calling for a man’s touch since the dawn of time. He will gladly inscribe his name as their latest victim. Jerry pours another round from the pitcher. “Here you go.”

Jill tries to be oblivious to Jerry’s mesmerizing stare though it turns her on more than she wants to admit. She feels his eyes traveling across her body, burning holes into her skin. When she is sure his eyes are squarely focused on her breasts she turns more and leans in. Fights with Bert have left her a wanton creature, forgetting what the touch of a man feels like. That is a crime against Mother Nature and tonight she balances the scales. She makes eye contact ready to commit her crime. “A penny for your thoughts?”

Jerry takes another drink and plunges ahead. Jerry’s hands lay upon the small table dripping with sweat. His right finger moves in small circles while the left hand taps. Excitement fills Jill. “Can I ask you a personal question?”

“Yes.”

“You don’t know me very well so when I say personal, I mean personal. I could be asking you what your bra size is.”

“I understand, go ahead and ask.”

“All right, what is your bra size?”

Jill bursts with laughter loud enough to bring down the house. “40DD, next question.”

“Thanks for the info. Now for the real question, your dress intrigues me. I see the nude fabric. Would it bother you if I stared at it for a while? I am fascinated by how the dress is put together.”

Jill gets even more turned on by him and can feel herself moistening. She leans forward on the table. “It’s nude at the base but on top it’s transparent and all me. Go ahead, knock yourself out. I love this dress.”

Jerry openly stares at the dress and takes in all Jill’s beauty with it. He takes another drink then meets Jill’s stare. “I wish I were the fabric that held those beauties in place.” Jerry watches her reaction. “Please tell me, did you rent that dress?”

This unexpected question stuns her. “Yes, I rented it for the evening.”

“Good, I want to buy it for you.”

Jill smiles, “why would you want to buy it?”

“I want you to leave here with me right now. I want us to find a quiet place so I can take that dress off and lay it beneath you. I want us to make love on top of that dress. The store will not take it back after that, so I have no other choice than to buy it because I don’t want to put you in a financial bind.”

Jill tingles with excitement, finding it hard to catch her breath. This man knows the right things to say. She sits for a moment deciding, but the decision has been made beforehand. “What the hell, you had better be worth it.” Jill stands. She downs the rest of her drink and wipes her mouth. “Ready, cowboy?”

“Yee haw, you betcha!”

“No, no,” says Jill, laughing. “No cowboy tonight. I’ve got a beach fantasy and tonight you are my Prince Charming.” Jill staggers, almost falling.

Jerry laughs. “Only for the night, Cinderella. Tomorrow you turn back into a maid.”

Jill laughs. “You don’t know how right you are.” They cross the street in search of an access point to the beach. The beach is empty. Their tender kisses erupt into a deep lusty free-for-all.

After several more kisses and awkward fumbling in the dark, Jill stands in front of Jerry and slowly takes her dress off. This is the moment that Jerry has been waiting for. He needs to see her breasts this instant and he needs to touch them, caress them, and suck them. Jerry is on the verge of exploding as Jill slips out of the dress and kicks it toward him. Jerry turns his head to keep from getting a face full of sand and then turns back to gaze at her beauty. He takes her by the hand. “Please stand over here in the light, I want to look at you.” Jill does as Jerry commands and stands with her hands on her hips grinning, waiting for Jerry to say something. “You are absolutely beautiful, breathtaking.”

Jill’s short blond hair moves in the moonlight, her face aglow with excitement and anticipation. Her nipples: erect, succulent, tempting. Her somewhat narrow waist forces Jerry’s eyes to the curvature of her wide hips. Her ensnaring spell drives his eyes inward to the shaven oasis: her seat of power. She watches him gulp.

“Do you like what you see?”

“Of course, I do. What man wouldn’t? Come here so I can see you better.” Jerry spreads her dress on top of the sand in front of him. Jill comes to him to continue their lustful kisses, his thin stubble teases her lips, warming her further. She unbuttons his trousers and yanks them off with his underwear. She kisses him some more and then pushes him down on her dress. Jill plants kisses from his chest to his navel. Jerry guides her lower, throwing his head back with a loud moan.

After a while, Jill kisses back up his body to his lips. They sit up and kiss more as Jerry takes Jill's bounty in his hands and with each gentle squeeze she sighs into his mouth, a siren call that begs for more squeezes. He indulges her several times before laying her down on top of her dress to complete his task.

They grope under the moon. Ecstasy fills Jill. Her thoughts swarm in a fury of liquid lust. She listens to the waves crashing against the beach, trying to ground herself and make it all make sense. She wants to remember every detail of this night. She can’t. To her it seems as if Jerry has somehow managed to sync his powerful thrusts with the crashing of the waves. Each thrust drives her deeper into delirium. Jill floats off into space and doesn’t want the feeling to ever end. It’s as if he is knocking her senseless, emptying her mind of every coherent thought but him. Then, with the world folding in on itself, her back arches with the crashing of the waves against the rocks. She hears Jerry screaming but can’t see him. No, it is not Jerry, it is her giving birth to an explosive climax. Exhausted, she scrambles for air to live again. She puts a hand to her chest to control her breathing and heart rate but fails. “That was . . . that was . . . I mean, wow, fucking incredible.” She says, fumbling to put words to the unexplainable. She gasps for air.

“Wow, that was . . . wow,” agrees Jerry, fighting for the same air. They lie on the beach, Jerry on the sand and Jill next to him on her dress. When Jerry regains control he sits halfway up and turns to Jill, “I meant what I said about the dress. Keep it and send me the bill. I hope we get a chance to go out and you can wear it again because I am in love with that dress.” He gives a wicked smile then leans over and kisses her.

“Don’t worry, I will be sending you the bill.”

Jill climbs to her feet. She shakes the sand out of her hair and her dress. Jerry watches the magnificent sight before joining her in putting his clothes back on. They exit the beach in silence walking toward the hotel. Jill stops walking and whirls. “This is where we say goodnight. Thank you for the incredible evening. I don’t know when I have had so much fun; I hope we get to do it again sometime.” She kisses him on the cheek and leaves. Jerry breaks into a smile as he watches her leave, not believing his good fortune. He can’t wait to get back and tell Robert how he scored with best friends. Jerry travels down the street whistling with a spring in his step.





 14: The Markets are Calling





On Saturday morning, Robert and Jerry relax in a health club’s steam room. They sit on benches with two other men wearing towels. After the men leave, Robert turns to Jerry, “so what is it you are dying to tell me?”

“Last night was the bomb. You are not going to believe the shit that happened to me. Man, it was as if I was in my own porno movie. Damn, I wish I had a camera on me so I could have recorded it all. It was fantastic.”

“Enough already, man. Tell the shit or shut the fuck up.”

“All right, Rob, listen to this. You know I met Barbara at your house. We hit it off and at the party the chemistry was still there. While you and Mary danced on the balcony, we went down to the first floor. We found a closet and had a quickie then returned. It was incredible. This girl has a body that just won’t quit. I couldn’t get enough of her.”

“You call that the bomb?”

“There’s more. We hurried back to the dance and you two were still on the balcony dancing. So we danced a couple of dances then you came in, remember?”

“I remember.”

“Well after you guys left we went across the hall and she took off her dress. I stood there and watched her and man it was incredible. Barbara is built like a brick house. I could just stand there and watch her for days without moving. I swear, man, I would die of starvation because I was too stupid to eat. You know what I mean, like those birds; uh what do you call them?”

“Dodo birds.”

“Yeah, them, I was mesmerized. Some girls interrupted us the second time so I walked her outside and she left. Now it gets interesting. Listen to this shit here. Barbara tells me that Jill is bi-curious. Ha! Can you believe that shit? Those big ass titties and she is into girls. Can’t no girl know what to do with those big ass titties.” They laugh and high-five.

“Yeah, you right about that. Jill was looking straight up in that dress.”

“That is what I am saying, man. All that and she goes for girls. I can’t believe it. Can you?”

“Who cares, man. Tell me something I don’t know.”

“Well, anyway, I walked across the street to the bar. Jill is sitting down on a bar stool drinking.”

“And what did you do?” Robert straightens his back, ridding himself of all traces of laughter. His chest tightens as he waits in near rigid position.

“You know me. I went in and sat down because I wasn’t sure it was her. Then this ugly ass whore starts hitting me up before I even have my first drink. This bitch would not quit. Jill comes over and chases her off and we sit and talk. Well, after a few drinks and her in that dress, I stare at those gorgeous mounds and I have to have her. So I went for it and asked if I could make sweet love to her.”

Robert clenches his fist beneath his towel. He keeps his face neutral and stays his quivering lip. “Go on.” He manages to force out.

“We went to the beach and had sex right there under the moonlight.” Jerry playfully punches his friend in the arm while chuckling. “Rob, man, she has got 40DDs that I swear to god have big nipples that look right back at you. I had sex with a lesbian and tried my damnedest to turn her back to men.”

“Just how successful were you?” although his smile vanished ages ago, Jerry has yet to take notice. Robert clenches his fist again to await his friend’s response.

“Faster than a speeding bullet, more powerful than a locomotive . . . get the picture,” says Jerry with great confidence.

“I mean the girl. Is she in love with you and ready to leave her fiance?”

“Who the hell cares about that shit, man? I had sex with two best friends on the same damn night, hours apart. That’s the deal I’m talking about. That’s like getting with two sisters or a mother-daughter combo, man.”

“Jerry,” he says in a low sharp tone, “listen to what I am saying. These women are both probably waiting on a call from you. Are you going to call either or both?”

“What! Neither, man. You are killing my buzz. I’m giving you the low down on a fantasy and you keep asking crazy questions. Just soak in the moment will you?”

Robert’s brows draw together. “Where is your common sense? Did you think about me or Mary while you were out on your escapade?”

“This has nothing to do with the two of you.”

Robert bolts to his feet. He unclenches his fists but the sneer imbedded in his face will not move. He swallows hard to rid himself of his dry throat. Somehow, he manages to speak with the same calmness though it is pointed. “I told you earlier to choose between the women. What the hell are you doing trying to have both? These are best friends. You turn them against each other and Mary will be caught in the middle and then I will get shafted. Goddamn it, Jerr, why did you pick now to live out your fantasy?”

“I’m sorry, man, I didn’t think about you. I had no idea you and Mary would be affected by what I was doing. Sorry.” Jerry puts his hand on his friend’s shoulder to relay his regret with a personal touch.

“Forget it, the deeds done. Tell me, Jerry, do you prefer one over the other?”

“I hadn’t thought about it. I guess I will have to decide.”

“Yeah, you damn well will decide! Pick and be done with it or leave them alone.”

“I’ll give it some thought.” Jerry searches his friend’s face for an inkling of forgiveness. “Do you want me to talk to Mary?” Jerry asks in a low tone.

“Hell no, as a matter of fact, pack your bags. We are going back to New York right now. Go home and pack and don’t answer your phone. Matter of fact, I’ll get your phone in the locker room and take you home. You are not going to cause any more trouble. While we are gone you are going to make a choice.” Robert and Jerry leave the steam room.

When they arrive at the Miami International Airport they move toward security with briefcases. “Please step this way,” says the security officer. He waves his wand over both men. They grab their items out of the baskets and put their shoes back on. Then it is down the escalator to their gate.

“You want a pizza or sandwich,” says Jerry trying to do something to ease his friend’s tension.

“No.” Robert says with a quick and sharp tone to cut him off. “Over there.” Robert points to two seats up front by the loading area. They sit and wait for boarding.

“Now boarding flight 862 for New York’s LaGuardia Airport. All first-class customers please come forward at this time.”

Robert and Jerry check in and board the airplane. “Would you like a magazine to read sir?” asks the flight attendant.

Gauging his friend’s silence, Jerry shakes his head. Popping open his laptop, he types in rushed strokes and then turns the screen to his friend. “I thought I should send flowers to Mary, from you, of course. These look nice. I could have a card enclosed with a message from you?” Jerry searches his eyes. “What do you want her to know about your leaving so suddenly?” he waits, hoping he has hit on something useful.

Robert takes the laptop and scrolls through the pictures then hands it back after making his choice. “Don’t you dare send a thing to either of the girls until after you have made your choice.” He glances out the window then relaxes a bit more.

After placing the order, Jerry watches his friend hoping he has redeemed himself.

When they arrive at the airport they go straight to the airport hotel to rest. Jerry orders a light lunch for them and Robert opens his laptop and begins going over the numbers. They eat and talk about the markets.





 15: Flowers





Saturday morning was a busy day for the Belmont. At eight o’clock, Barbara waited on guests at the front desk—all yelled with the patience of a child. Mary gasped at the chaos. She leaned in, “What the hell!”

Barbara whispered, “I hate tourists. The computer rebooted again and now I have to wait to get these people in the system and they are not being cooperative at all. Could you help me for a minute so I can sort out all their problems? Do you want arrivals or checkouts?”

Trying to decipher who yelled the least proved futile. “I’ll take the checkouts.” Mary grabbed a pad and pen then she went over to the next station and turned the computer on. While it warmed up she turned to the yelling crowd of guests. “Excuse me please, excuse me!” The crowd grew silent. “Let me have your attention. We are having trouble with our computer system but will have the kinks worked out shortly. I need you to form two lines. I will take the checkouts in this line and she will handle the check-ins in that line. Please get in the correct line and we will speed you through as fast as possible.” The people continued to mumble and complain but held the noise down as they got into the proper lane. Mary asked for names from the first couple in her line. She checked the computer, it was still booting up. She took their keys. “I will take down your credit card information and keep it on file for one week. If there is a problem we will phone you before we bill you. Thank you for staying with us and please come back.” She smiled politely at the angry couple as they turned to leave. Mary waited on four couples and had them checked out in 20 minutes. She then went back to Barbara to see what was happening with the check-ins.

A flushed Barbara did her best to stay calm. “Mary, the entry system is down again and I can’t check anyone into rooms. I can’t even tell which rooms are clean or which need maid service. This is a big mess.”

Mary thought for a second and then came up with a solution. She stood in front of the ten fuming couples. “May I have your attention please? We need you to bear with us because the computer is down again. We will check each of you in by hand. If you have your receipt or printout from the internet that contains your room’s information on it please step over here.” Mary directed them to her right. Five of the couples had their paperwork. “Good, now please take out your information and we will get you into a room in 15 minutes. I am asking you to be patient and realize you may not be in the right room. If that is the case then when the computers are back up we will move you to your correct room and give you a credit. Our goal is to get you in a room so you can unwind. I am sure you want to see the city and go to the beaches so let’s get you rested so you can enjoy your visit.”

Mary then directed the remaining five couples to sit in the lobby. A large lobby came in handy during these times. “We will take care of you when we get back. It shouldn’t take more than 20 minutes to get the rest of you into rooms. I thank you for your patience. This is our fault and we will fix it.” Mary and Barbara grabbed a handful of keys and led the first five with paperwork out through the glass double doors to the rooms. Barbara took two couples and Mary took the other three. They wrote down their information on their pads and assigned them to rooms on the first floor that were equal in value to their paperwork. It took them less than 15 minutes to sprint back to the others.

Mary and Barbara walked to the seated couples. Mary asked, “Let’s start with you two. May I have your names and the room you signed up for please?”

The man stood, “we had a superior room with a garden view.”

“Thank you.” Mary consulted the chart. She turned to Barbara, “put them in room 114 please.”

“Okay,” said Barbara to Mary. “Come with me please and I will take you to your room.” Barbara led them out through the double doors to their room. She checked the room for cleanliness before handing them the keys. “If you have any further problems please let us know and I am so sorry you had to wait because of downed computers. You two have been great and I thank you for your patience.” Barbara rushed back for the next couple.

Mary eyed an old man with a cane and a woman in a wheelchair. “Could you tell me your names and what room you purchased?”

The old man stood. “The room is not important as long as we can get something up front, close to the door, and with a bathroom for the disabled.”

“I have just the room,” said Mary. “May I have your names, please?”

“Mr. and Mrs. Dellington,” said the old man.

Barbara returned to Mary’s side. “Who’s next?”

“Take Mr. and Mrs. Dellington to room 102 please.”

“This way please,” said Barbara, holding the door open.

Barbara returned from her last guest check-in to find Mary tapping keys on the computer. “Where in the world is your help today?”

“You know Mrs. Belmont cut back on help. I only have Ginger and Ralph and both called in sick. I could have been all right if the computers had stayed up. I’m sorry I had to call you, Mary.”

“It’s ok, Barb. Keep using this system until the computers are back up and call me if guests start coming in too fast.” Mary went back into her office to rest.

Barbara stayed out front and continued to check-in guests. She turned her computer off and checked everyone in by hand the rest of the day. She kept the front clear of guests by lining up room keys and passing them out as soon as people came up.

Mary came back out in the middle of the day to see if anything had changed with Barbara. She was pleased to find no one waiting. “Everything is looking good, Barb. Has the entry system come back on line yet?”

“No, not yet. Our tech people believe it is isolated to this workstation and will have it solved by morning.”

“Well if you run into this problem again you have the authority to pull people from housekeeping to help you. Start with Jill and if she gives you trouble go with Pam or Alice and then call me when everything has settled down, all right?”

“I sure will.” Barbara’s attention shifted to the window— a florist truck pulled up. Two men got out with a bunch of flowers. “Look at that, Mary; do you think they are here for a room?”

“I don’t know, but if they are, they have enough flowers to get lucky tonight.” They laughed and then watched while the men brought the flowers in.

The first man set the flowers on the desk and pulled out a clipboard. He turned toward Barbara. “Hello, my name is Ralph Long. I have a delivery for Mary Lake, the office manager. Could you point me in the right direction, please?”

Mary’s eyes grew wide; she had never received flowers before. “I am Mary Lake, are those for me?”

“Yes, they are. Would you like them left here or do you want us to take them to your office?”

“Here will be fine, thank you.”

“Please sign here to confirm delivery, please.” He handed her his clipboard and she signed on the signature line then gave the board back to him. “Oh, I almost forgot the card.” He took a card out of his jacket and handed it to Mary. “Have a nice day, Madame.”

“Thank you.”

The men left and Barbara could not contain herself any longer. “Well, who is it from and what does it say?”

Mary quietly reads the card: Dear Mary, I am thinking of you and decided to send these flowers as both a gift and a peace offering. Unfortunately I had to leave and I took Jerry with me for a business trip. I hope to be back by Tuesday and regret I did not have time to tell you in person. Enjoy the flowers and forgive me for leaving so abruptly. Robert.

Mary smiled and looked up at Barbara. “It’s from Robert. He and Jerry had to leave town for a business trip.”

“I don’t believe it!” Barbara frowned. “Can I read it? Please!”

Mary smelled the flowers while Barbara read the card. Robert had sent two sets of flowers. The first was a Red Rose and Calla Lily Bouquet and the second was multi-colored Tulips. Mary looked at the flowers and felt overwhelming joy. She remembered her night with Robert and their kiss good night. She allowed herself to drift for a moment then regained her focus. “Barb, help me take these to my office. Do you know anything about watering flowers?”

Barbara put the card down and thought about its meaning. Why was Jerry gone and why did they leave so fast? She heard Mary asking her for help and said, “No, I know nothing about flowers. They always died when I took care of them. I would do better at goldfish so if he sends you some of them, let me know.” She grinned at Mary and picked up the pot of tulips. Mary picked up the vase of roses and they walked down to her office. “Anywhere in particular you want these?”

“No, just set them down on the table and I will pick out a place later.”

“Are you going to force me to ask, Mary?”

“Ask what?”

“What did you do or better yet, what did you give up to get those flowers?”

Mary’s face glowed with embarrassment. She grinned, waggled her brows like Robert had done, then stuck out her tongue. “I’m not telling. I am a good girl; you know how shy we good girls are.” Mary teased her unmercifully. She knew Barbara couldn’t stand it when she didn’t get the answers she wanted. So Mary kept silent on the subject. When she saw that she was infuriating poor Barbara, she decided to change the subject. “Have you seen Jill today?”

Barbara didn’t want to answer. She was no fool. She knew what her friend was doing and didn’t like it one bit. She was wondering how Mary had perceived her question. Did she think she was prying and just being noisy? Or did she think that maybe she was jealous? The truth is that she only wanted to know so she could figure out what it is that she was doing wrong. She was crazy about Jerry but Jerry had not sent her flowers. She had sex with him twice last night and was absolutely positive that she showed him a good time. But still she had no flowers for her effort. What was it that Mary was doing that she was failing to do? Barbara simply needed to know. She braved Mary’s taunts and asked again. “Come on, Mary, be honest with me. I really need your help.” Barbara sat and sighed. “What is it about me that no man will send me flowers? Am I really that big of a slut?”

Mary’s face fell. “Oh, no, Barb.” She rushed over and hugged her friend. “Don’t believe that talk, you are not a slut. You go a little further than others do sometimes, but you are just you and guys have just got to learn that.” Mary fumbled with her words while her friend shifted her large frame in a creaky chair. She didn’t know exactly what to say but knew she had to say something. “How did it go with Jerry after I left?”

“We screwed.”

Mary took a step back at Barbara’s bluntness. “Okay, now tell me the details. Take a deep breath and slow down and tell me everything.”

Mary pulled a chair beside her friend’s chair and held her hands while she concentrated on what she wanted to say. “After you left, me and Jerry danced some more then we talked some more.”

“That sounds good.”

“Well, let me back up a bit. When you and I first went to the ballroom and you went on to the balcony with Robert, we hooked up. We left the party and had a quickie in the closet . . .”

“Oh, Barb, you didn’t?”

“I couldn’t help it; we had a strong sexual connection. We had to do it, I mean . . . it was like I was on fire and had to put it out immediately.”

“I’m listening, go on.” Mary kept holding her hands.

“We went back to the ballroom and you know that part, then I asked him to come with me to the Culver Room and help me change out of my dress. We started making out on the couch and when it was getting good some people came in and interrupted us. We hightailed it out of there but we made a connection, I am sure of it. He gave me compliments and said how good I looked in my dress. Mary, he said I looked like an angel and I just melted.” She let go of Mary’s hand and chastised herself by hitting herself in the forehead with her hand. “Why am I such a sucker? Do you think he likes me? You got flowers. Robert and Jerry are together so why didn’t I get flowers?” Barbara puts her face in her hands and starts to cry.

Mary holds her, feeling her devastation. “Oh Barb, don’t be like that. Give it time and good things will happen for you. I don’t know how to say it except to say that we are just not looking for the same things in men. I have done the one-night stands and need something more now. You just need patience. Take time to figure out what you really want, all right? Now listen to me, slow down and don’t go so fast. I don’t know a lot but I do know that it is not a race. All right?”

Barbara pulls herself together and stops crying. She stands. “Thanks for your help. Let me get back to work and get out of your hair.”

Mary brushes Barbara’s red hair out of her face and gives her a tissue off her desk. “Here, Lord knows I have cried so much that I know a good tissue when I see one.” Both start laughing. They hug and Barbara leaves the office.

Mary looks at her flowers and falls in love with the red and white flower arrangement. Suddenly, she claps a hand to her chest. Stabbing pains knock her to the floor. She cannot catch her breath. She hyperventilates. Tears stream down her feet as she holds herself. She may die if she can’t get herself to calm down and take in oxygen. Then, as fast as it began it ends. She lies on the floor staring up at the ceiling. She can focus and see the tiles. She can breathe. She lies there taking in air. Mary has always had a way of messing things up and this time was no different. She thinks about the flowers and asks herself questions that she can’t possibly answer. Why didn’t Robert say goodbye in person? Why did he have to leave in the dead of night? Did she do something to force him to leave? Should she have given more of herself like Barbara to leave no doubt of her feelings for him? What did the flowers mean? Is there significance to the color of the roses or the number of Tulips? Was he sending her a message? Does she have to sleep with him or lose him? Mary had so many questions and she knew if she stayed in the office she would go crazy. Mary climbed to her feet. She opened her desk drawer and took out a mini-bottle and drank it down. She closed the drawer and left the office. Mary walked over to the gym and into the women’s locker room. She found her locker and changed her clothes. She went out into the exercise room, found a treadmill, cranked up the volume on her headphones, and ran for dear life. She blocked out the world and chased peace.





 16: Brace Yourself





Saturday night was a night for unwinding from a long workday. In the hotel industry weekends often take their toll on employees. While others get to jet off to exotic locations and relax, the hotel employee works during the best months of travel. They are often unable to take advantage of the many deals that are available from retailers to save money. Often their job is simply to put up with crabby people and bad behavior and do it all with a smile. The three best friends, Jill, Mary and Barbara, went to another new club to put away the day’s bad memories. Mary had partial relief from her running on the treadmill but found the thoughts of the flowers creeping back in.

Mary dressed conservatively as usual; she wore blue jeans and a pair of Keds Champion Canvas shoes with a sleek and stylish, oversized Charmeuse blouse. The blouse was blue with a shawl collar and an on-trend tie closure that added easy elegance. She bought it from the Belmont’s Boutique; it was by Marc Bouwer from his M collection. She wore her long brown hair in a free-flowing curly hairstyle and secured it in the back with a blue bowtie. She carried a blue tote bag with long strap over her right shoulder and entered the club first.

Jill, who had missed a day and a half of work, arrived with a new almost punk hairstyle. She had cut her blond hair into a shag hairstyle with long layers. She saw Mary gazing at her. Not wanting to talk about Bert, she cut from her friend to look at the crowd. Jill’s dress was back to tame compared with her party outfit from the night before. She wore a white medium length skirt with low heels. Her blouse was a Rose Peasant Tunic, a black and white floral print. It was a billowy peasant silhouette with a ruffled, tie neck and drop waist. She carried no purse with her and put her identification in her bra after passing through security. Jill entered and joined Mary at the bar for a drink.

Barbara arrived fifteen minutes later.

Jill saw her come in from her seat at the bar. “What a slut!”

Mary saw Barbara in the doorway. “Not tonight, Jill. The last thing I need is you two going at each other.”

“I’m fine; just keep the slut away from me.” She turned back around, “hey barkeep, two more Cosmopolitans over here.”

Barbara stood in the doorway looking around the room. She was not looking for men this time, she was looking for her co-workers and knew she was late. Barbara wore a tan-colored, Pearl-embellished V-neck blouse and let her long red hair flow behind her. She thought the blouse would go well with her hair and skin color. She wore a pair of Blue London Jeans with curve-hugging fit. They were VS Siren Legging Jeans that were part jean; part legging, and totally sexy. Although they fit her tightly they were stretchy and comfortable and made her feel like she was the hottest woman in the world. She spotted her friends at the bar and waved. Mary waved back but Jill had her back turned to her, drinking.

“Hey guys, what are you having?”

“Cosmopolitans,” said Mary. She stood and hugged Barbara. “Is that a new top?” She asked her but said nothing about her tight jeans.

“Yes, I ordered it two weeks ago and it just came in. It was waiting for me when I got home. I love the way it fits, do you really like it?”

“I love it,” said Mary.

Jill finished her drink. She spun on her stool to look at Barbara. “I like the fake pearls but hate the spandex.”

“It’s not spandex. Why don’t you get your eyesight checked, I know a guy.”

Jill snickered. “You know tons of guys.”

“Stop right now.” Mary said to both. She spotted an empty table. “Come on, let’s grab that table.” A server came over and took their orders. “Bring us a pitcher of Budweiser and three glasses, please.”

“And a Rum and Coke, please,” added Barbara who had catching up to do.

The server looked at Jill, “anything else?” She said with a Spanish accent.

“No. That will be all,” said Jill. The server was Cuban and Jill had many bad dealings with Cubans.

The server returned moments later with their orders.

Mary searched for a neutral topic. “Jill, is that blouse from the Boutique?”

“No, I saw a lady wearing it inside the Victoria’s Secret store at the Intracoastal Mall.” She reached for the pitcher and filled the three glasses and took a drink.

After sipping for taste, Barbara drank down the rest. “I didn’t come here to fight, Jill. Mary wants peace and quiet so I will do my part.” She smiled at Mary.

Mary nodded to Barbara and reached for her glass.

Jill said nothing and forged ahead with her drinking.

They chitchatted about their workday and finished the first pitcher and ordered a second. Mary and Barbara did most of the talking while Jill drank. Mary was beginning to slur her words and got up to go to the bathroom. After she was gone, Jill looked at Barbara, “why the fuck do you always have to come out with us? It’s been three years, don’t you have any new friends by now.” Her Alabama accent reared its head through her slurred speech.

“I’m not fighting with you tonight. Mary wants peace and I am going to give it to her. If you were a real friend, so would you.”

Jill’s brows arched with her shoulders. Her face reddened. She took aim like a ballistic missile. “Friend!” she shrieked. “You don’t know what the fuck a fucking friend is bitch! Shut the fuck up and get a life!”

Barbara’s red face matched hers. She curled her fist to knock Jill on her large backside. Mary returned from the bathroom. Barbara flexed her fists under the table and kept silent, resorting to shooting daggers at her enemy.

“I’m back ladies, what did I miss?” Mary was all smiles and poured herself another drink.

“Nothing at all,” said Barbara in an air of serenity.

Jill again said nothing and picked up her drink and drank it down in one gulp, finishing the second pitcher of beer.

The tension at the table thickened. Jill was in a mood that would not get any better as the night progressed. Barbara scanned the dance floor, smiling. She finished her drink and called for a server. “Could you bring us another pitcher please?” The server hesitated for a moment then agreed and left. Barbara said, “I see an old friend dancing over there, I’ll be back.”

Jill watched Barbara make her way over to the dance floor. Barbara’s friend had stopped dancing and was talking with another man. She tapped him on the back and he turned around and hugged her. They went over to a table and were laughing and talking. Jill looked at Barbara and was disgusted that she had such a big smile on her face and was showing every tooth in her mouth. “I wonder if slut bags is going to show him just how big her mouth is?”

Mary didn’t want to look at them but turned to see what was bugging Jill so much. She didn’t see anything wrong, yes Barbara was twirling her red hair seductively and grinning but she saw nothing out of the ordinary. “You have been shitty to Barb all night long, what the hell is your problem tonight?” Mary stumbled over the words.

“Why do we have to hang out with her every time we go out? God, Mare, she is pathetic.”

Jill maintained her disapproval of Barbara and did not care if Mary’s night would go well or not. “We need to get rid of her fat ass and send her back to the boondocks where a bitch like her would feel at home.” Her country accent grew more pronounced with every slurred word.

Mary scowled. “If I get rid of Barb I would get rid of you, too. Now stop your craziness and tell me what the hell is wrong!”

Rage flashed across Jill’s face. How could Mary be so blind? How could she like such a tart? She pushed her drink aside and snapped her fingers at the server who was taking an order nearby. The server trudged over and gave her a tight smile. “Two Mojitos.”

Her accent made it difficult for the server to know what she wanted. “Excuse me but I didn’t understand what you wanted.”

“Two fucking Mojitos, bitch, did you understand me that fucking time? Learn the fucking language or get back on your raft and take your ass home.”

“Can we get two Mojitos, please, and then we are finished for the night.” Mary said calmly to the Cuban woman serving them. “Bring me the bill and don’t forget to write in your tip.”

The server smiled and nodded at Mary. She gave a weary look to Jill and then she left.

Mary wanted to yell at Jill but knew it would not do any good. Let her ride it out and it would be better in the morning. She looked for Barbara and saw her still at the table with her friend. They were drinking and talking and having a good time. Has she forgotten about Jerry? She wished that she could forget about the flowers but they were always there in the back of her mind. She thought about how she would handle the situation when Robert returned from his business trip but had no solution. If only she had her friend to talk it over with. Tonight that would be impossible. She thought about the last time she was with a man and what she would do with Robert. How far would she go? What will a man like him expect? Should she have had sex with him already? Mary needed her friend but would have to wait for answers. The server came back with the bill and she doubled the server’s tip and handed her a credit card. “Here you go.”

“Thank you,” said the server. She ran Mary’s card at the table and gave it back to her. “You be careful leaving and have a nice night tonight.” The woman then left to wait on new arrivals.

Mary looked at Jill who was still drinking and glaring at Barbara. “As good as you are looking tonight, why don’t you go take a spin on the dance floor and let everyone take a look at you?”

Jill drank some more, “not tonight, Mare, drinking is the word of the day.”

The words did not make sense but Mary knew what she meant. She took a sip of her drink and looked at the half-empty pitcher of beer. She tried to remember who drank the most and whether that was the third or just the second, she had lost count.

Barbara came back to the table waving a piece of paper with some writing on it. “Guess what? We have all been invited to a Miami Dolphin’s football game.” She nodded, smiling. “Box seats with catering service. Oh yeah!” She was so proud she waved the paper at both women.

“I guess lying on your back pays off every now and then.” Jill chuckled.

“Don’t pay any attention to her, Barb. I’ll be there with bells on and so will she. Maybe we will find a couple millionaires.”

“At least two will be in the box with us. Hey, what are you guys drinking?”

“Sex on the Beach,” said Jill. “That reminds me of a joke, Barb. Two people were having sex on the beach and a man walked up and said, ‘I would like to have sex on the beach.’ So the bartender pointed to a couple screwing and said, ‘well go join in buddy they don’t mind.” Jill started laughing hysterically.

Barbara stayed silent. She looked at the alcohol in the glasses and looked skeptical.

“So how about it? Have you ever had sex on the beach?” Jill asked Barbara.

“You mean the drink? No.” Still confused by the joke, she looked at Mary. “Hey, Mare, have you ever had sex on the beach?”

Jill’s scalp tightened. She clenched her fists. She drew up to her full height right before her face turned a bright red and she banged her fists down hard on the table. “Don’t you call her that you whore! You haven’t known her long enough to call her that you slutty ass bitch!”

Barbara jumped up out of her chair. She had had her fill for tonight. “I’m going to kick your ass all over this place, you spoiled ass bitch!” Barbara balled up her fists and took a step toward Jill.

Mary stood up and grabbed the half-empty pitcher of beer. She drenched Jill’s blouse with the thrown beer and watched her jump in horror. Mary looked at Jill and scolded her. “Goddamn it! How come we can’t just have one damn night of peace? Damn it!” She sat back in her seat and started crying.

Barbara sat back down and hugged Mary. “I’m sorry, Mary. It won’t happen again. I’m so sorry for acting like that.”

Jill was drunk and didn’t care. When Barbara returned to her seat, she grabbed the edge of the table and turned it over toward Barbara. “You fucking bitch! You did this, not me, YOU!” Barbara fell to the floor. Mary moved to help Barbara to her feet, a small trickle of red graced Mary’s forehead.

“Let me go! Let me go!” Jill twisted in the grip of two towering bouncers. She kept yelling but the men held her firmly in their grasp.

The Cuban server had told the men earlier to keep an eye on the irate Jill. These men had maneuvered themselves to a table close by the women so they could stop any problems before they developed. They did not see Mary throw the beer at Jill but they did hear Jill’s yelling and saw her push the table. They held Jill while the server called the police.

After Mary helped Barbara to her feet she went to see about Jill. “Hey, let her go.”

“Sorry Ma’am but she is not going anywhere,” said one of the bouncers.

“Fine, can you stop holding her so tight and let her breathe a little?”

“Ma’am, we have to hold her until the police get here.”

“Help me, Mare; I’m sorry, you know I didn’t mean it.” Jill kept struggling and started to cry.

Mary picked up Jill’s chair and put it behind her. “Let her sit down, please.”

The men released their grip so Jill could sit down. She sat in the chair and Mary stood in front of her. Jill wrapped her arms around Mary’s waist and sobbed, “I’m sorry, Mare, I’m so sorry.”

Mary patted Jill on the head as if a faithful dog. She brushed her hair with her hand and kept telling Jill it would be all right.

“Stay with me, Mare,” she sobbed while holding Mary tightly around the waist with her face buried in her stomach.

“I’m not going to leave you. I will be with you always, Jilly.” Mary called Barbara over to sit beside Jill. “Stay with her while I talk with them.”

Barbara held her bleeding elbow but agreed. “All right, Mary.” She sat beside Jill but did not talk to her.

Jill had calmed down and was being cooperative so the men let her go and backed off. Jill looked around the room and had paid no attention to the gathering crowds. She was now feeling embarrassed and stupid. She was beginning to sober up when she looked at Barbara and got angry again. If I have to go to jail this slut is going with me because it is all her fault. “Barb, could you come here, I want to apologize face-to-face.” Barbara stood next to her but didn’t say a word. Jill glanced at the woman’s elbow. She turned soulful grey eyes up to Barbara’s face then smiled like a Cheshire Cat. “The reason I asked you if you have ever had sex on the beach is because I have. I fucked Jerry last night on the beach by the Ocean Park lifeguard tower. He said I was a ten and you were a four so he had to upgrade, he doesn’t want to slum anymore.” She smiled again; delighted that she saw rage and jealousy flash across Barbara’s face.

Barbara looked at the guards behind Jill. They were talking and not paying attention to them. Barbara looked back down at Jill and this time it was she who wore the Cheshire Cat smile. She leaned down to whisper to Jill. “Since all you do is lick and suck on dikes, it’s easy to believe that you are a professional cocksucker. Now brace yourself, Miss Jilly.” Without further warning she backhanded Jill so hard that she fell backwards in her chair and hit the floor with a hard thud. Jill’s white skirt flew up, exposing the fact that she was bare underneath. A few people clicked pictures with their cell phones while Barbara put her hand over her mouth, feigning surprise. She sighed loudly, rushed over, and looked at the bouncers who had turned around after hearing the loud thud. “Oh please, help me get her up. She must have passed out.” Barbara and the men picked Jill back up. Jill could barely hold her eyes open. Talking was out of the question.

Mary rushed over with the server. “What happened?” She finished pulling Jill’s skirt down and slapped Jill’s face lightly, “Jilly, are you all right?” Mary tried shaking her dazed friend. “Help me get her up so we can go.” Mary said to the two men. “I settled everything and the police have been told not to come.” The men looked at the server who confirmed what Mary said. They helped her to her feet and then Barbara and Mary got on each side of her and walked her to the door.

“Just a minute,” said the server. She held up a camera, “Smile.” She took a group picture then individual pictures. “When she wakes up, tell her if she comes back she will be arrested on the spot. I’m sorry but that goes for you two as well.”

They turned back toward the door and left the club. They put her in the back seat of a taxi and both got on opposite sides to hold her up. After the taxi stopped, they helped Jill into Mary’s apartment and put her on the bed. “Oh no, she needs a shower before she gets in bed. Help me get her in the tub.” They removed her clothes and leaned her against the tiled wall. They gave her a quick shower to wash away the beer and Jill fought with them so they hurried and put her into bed.

Barbara started for the door, she stopped and turned. “Did you know?”

“Know what?”

“Her sex on the beach joke. After we left, she had sex with Jerry on the beach. I guess now I know why I didn’t get flowers. Obviously I wasn’t that good or satisfying.”

Mary burst into laughter. “Maybe not, but damn, did you have to hit her that damn hard?” They roared with laughter.

“I’m still alive, bitches.” Jill mumbled softly then fell back into slumber.

They laughed all the more. “I’ll keep her awake, go home.”

“Have fun.” Barbara left and Mary got in bed next to Jill.





 17: Sophie and Bob





Robert sat on the edge of the bed staring at the phone. He was not sure if he needed to call or to wait until he was back in Miami and talk in person. He wiped perspiration from his hands as he readied to dial the scribbled number on the hotel pad.

Earlier that morning Jerry had dragged him to another strip club that he had heard about. Only Jerry could find these hellholes. When Robert walked into the club he did not expect much, this club was just a one-room building in a bad section of town. Robert looked around the room and there was only one small stage and a bar against the wall. This place had none of the glamour and appeal of modern strip clubs. The smoke-filled room housed drunken men gathered around a small stage gawking at a dancer on her knees.

“Come on, Rob. Let’s go to the stage area, you won’t believe what these girls do.”

Robert followed Jerry, grateful they made the trip in daylight hours. His heart thundered. His scalp tightened. “What can we get to drink in here?” He watched the crowd, trying to stay on high alert for trouble.

“I’ll be right back,” said Jerry. He walked over to the bar and paid for two beers then came back with the two bottles. “Here ya go.” He gave Robert a bottle and took a drink of his. “The girl we are here to see is a girl named Sophie. This girl is unbelievable; she does an act that you will remember for the rest of your life. I found out about this place on Facebook. I subscribe to a strip club hot line that keeps you updated on all of them in the country. The things people said about Sophie are incredible.” He pointed to the bartender, “I asked him and he said she’s up next.”

“She better hurry up, this place is giving me the creeps.” Robert took a swallow from his bottle.

The dancer on stage left and the announcer came out. “And now, for your enjoyment, I bring you the delectable, delicious Sophie Moonbeam.”

A black woman came out from behind the curtain. She wore a blue and silver wrapped skirt with a V-neck white blouse with large buttons in the front. She was a thick sister who whirled to grace all with her outstanding assets. The crowd went wild as she raised her skirt and gave them a glimpse of her award-winning ass. It was smooth and more dark-brown than black. Robert was amazed to see that she did not have all the telltale traits most strippers of her size acquired: no stretch marks, no scratches, no potholes. This woman shook her moneymaker to cheers from the crowd.

Sophie turned back around and faced the men and began her striptease in earnest. She thrilled the men but very few of them threw money at her, instead they hooted and hollered, occasionally throwing a dollar or two to keep her going. She unwrapped her skirt to reveal her dental floss of a G-string. Robert grinned at Jerry, wondering how long it would last before it fell apart under all those gyrations. He threw a couple dollars at her and Jerry caught his arm and vigorously shook his head. Robert stopped and just watched. She sat up and took off her top and let her large naturals sway from side to side in front of the men—at least an E-cup in Robert’s estimation. It took a well-rehearsed move to get them in motion, but once moving, she made them flap around her chest to the delight of the men. She then got back down on all fours to move toward the man farthest away from Jerry.

“Watch this,” said Jerry to Robert.

Sophie crawled to the man. He dropped a $100 bill between her hands and she came closer to him. He reached out his hands and massaged her breasts. He pinched her nipples. She giggled and pulled back like a shy schoolgirl. She then picked up her money and leaned back forward and gave him another feel. This time he leaned in and after massaging her breasts he put one of the huge breasts in his mouth and sucked hard. She pulled away and went to the next man. She performed the same routine on the next four men with varying degrees based on the money they placed in front of her. When she made it to Jerry he put down a $100 bill and licked his lips and pointed to Robert. Sophie passed by Jerry picking up the money and crawled in front of Robert. She leaned toward him and Robert felt her breast. Sophie closed her eyes and shook as if Robert’s touch electrified her body. She threw her head back and sighed. She sat up and danced on her knees making her breasts dance their dance. Robert watched and felt his mouth watering. Sophie came back down in front of him and held her breasts in her hand in front of him. She licked one of her nipples and squeezed it. She smiled at Robert and then pulled her nipple. She then placed her breast up to his mouth. As he tried to lick the nipple she playfully pulled it away and giggled. She then brought it back and rubbed it on the side of his cheek. Then she put it in his mouth and as he sucked down hard on the nipple she closed her eyes, leaned back and moaned. She arched her back and moaned again as Robert pulled deeper and deeper. She shook one more time and then to Robert’s shock, her bounty came forth in rich squirts. Sophie squeezed, shooting a stream of milk into his mouth. Jerry plunked down another $100 and received the same sweet nectar. Sophie then backed up and stood up and danced some more. Jerry had found a winner for sure this time. Robert slapped him on the back then they high-fived each other. They watched her dance as the song changed and the music sped up. Sophie dropped her G-string and turned to shake her ass in front of the men. They hooted and hollered some more.

“She’s not finished. Watch this and be amazed,” said Jerry.

Sophie turned and turned shaking and twisting. She had all the men fired up and ready. She turned and dropped low. Robert watched as this woman with this huge ass dropped straight down with her ass only inches from the floor. This girl was an athlete and had her routine down pat. She shook her ass and bounced it around, gyrating for the men. Then she stood back up and raised her hands above her head and froze in place. She stayed frozen for a minute as if gathering her strength for her finale. Then she dropped and shook her hips and made her ass clap loudly, like thunder before the lightning. The men went wild with delight. They all took out money, beckoning her to them. She did her famous booty clap a couple more times and turned around to see who had the most money in their hand. She smiled at Jerry who held a hundred dollar bill in each hand. Sophie bent down and clapped in front of his face. Jerry felt a breeze of warm air as she clapped. The scent drove him wild. She clapped again before stopping. Jerry slid the money between her legs and then he placed his right hand between her cheeks. He slid a finger inside her and turned his hand sideways. She clapped her cheeks together again in rapid secession. Jerry enjoyed himself, thrilled to watch his hand get slapped out of her ass from her clapping.

“Woo Wee!” Jerry shouted.

Sophie stood back up and continued dancing with her back to the men. She turned back around to see who would be next. Jerry pointed at Robert and he placed the money in front of him. Sophie picked up another $200. Robert rubbed her gorgeous ass with both his hands, enjoying the texture and feel. He then slid a finger between her cheeks. Her scent wafted to him as his finger slid further into her soft, slippery wetness. He turned his hand sideways and she began clapping. Robert sat there and felt breeze after breeze wash over his face. The sweet smell of her juices and funk mixed in the air to rush over his face. This woman had talent.

As she moved to one of the others Jerry stood up. “You ready?”

Robert shook his head. “Yeah man, let’s get out of here.” They walked to the counter and got another beer each and walked out the door. “Jerr, man, you were right this time. You have had some duds in the past, but man I have got to give it to you this time. She was outstanding.”

They got into the car and Jerry drove them back to the hotel. “Oh Rob, man,” he started chuckling. “I want to marry a woman who can do that shit on a nightly basis! Ooh Wee!” Jerry yelled as he drove.





Robert sat on the bed and smelled his fingers; the scent of Sophie was still there but fading. He picked up the phone and dialed the number. After a few rings he heard a female voice answer. “Hello.”

“Mary, this is Robert. How are you tonight?”

Mary’s eye grew to saucers. She peeked from her hallway into her bedroom to see Jill still fast asleep. “Robert, h-how-how did you get my phone number?” her voice came out higher than she liked.

“I phoned Mrs. Belmont and forced her to give me your home phone number. Please don’t be angry with me, after all it is your fault.”

“My fault,” said Mary, regaining her composure.

“Yes, your fault.” Robert laughed jovially on the phone to let her know he was not being serious. “Mary I could not go to sleep without hearing your voice. I don’t know how you did it but you have cast a spell on my heart. Now tell me truthfully, are you going to take your spell off me or not?”

Mary laughed. She was not sure about this man but he kept her on her toes and she liked that. “I wish I knew how to cast spells,” she laughed. “If I did, a whole lot of people would be in serious trouble.”

“Oh, Mary, tell me the truth. Did you put a spell on me?”

Mary laughed again. “No, I didn’t.”

Robert sighed.

Mary blustered at the silence. “Hello, are you still there?”

Robert stayed silent. He was waiting for her to say something, wanting to know if she was going to put forth effort.

“Hello.” Mary began to panic. She listened for Jill’s snoring then moved to the bathroom. She spoke with a quiet urgency. “Are you there?”

“How come you don’t call me by my name?”

“Well,” Mary thought about it, “you don’t look like a Robert.”

“What does that mean?”

“I went to school with this A-hole named Robert and I hated him with a passion. I mean he got under my skin. If they made a law where you could kill one person and get away with it, he would be my pick. When I say the name Robert I automatically think of him.”

“Are you being serious?”

“Yes, I am.”

“I wish you had told me earlier. Now I look like a jackass trying to get you to call me something you detest. Will you forgive me, Mary?”

“Of course, it is my fault for not speaking up in the first place. I’m the one who should apologize. Will you accept my humble apology?” Mary laughed quietly.

“I accept your humble apology. Now we have to fix this problem because I love hearing my name and in the future I plan to make you scream it. So tell me, how can we fix this problem?”

Mary giggled softly. She didn’t know how to respond. She remained silent for a moment.

“Mary?”

“I don’t know, give me a suggestion.”

“How about Rob, Bob, Bert or Beebee?”

Mary laughed so hard she snorted. “Beebee, where on earth do you get Beebee from?” She continued laughing.

Robert laughs with her. He loves the sound of her voice and delights in having the ability to make her laugh. “Just something I thought of. Come on, Mary, pick one. Give me a name and put me out of my misery.”

Mary stopped laughing and got serious. “Ok, not Beebee and definitely not Bert. Bob, I like Bob. Yeah, it sounds more appropriate. I can see you as a Bob.”

“Ok, Bob it is. Wait, how about Bobby!” He said with flair.

“Oh my god! No! That reminds me of crazy what’s her face going around yelling, Bobby! Bobby!” Mary bursts out with more laughter.

Robert laughs with her. When the laughter stops he responds. “I know what you are talking about. Bob it is, until you think of something else.”

“All right, Bob,” said Mary. “Bob. Yes, I like it. It sounds like you, Bob.”

“Hey, Mary?”

“What?”

“May I call you, Mary?”

Mary smiles and wishes he could see her face. “That’s my name, don’t wear it out.”

Robert laughs. “It is so easy to talk to you, Mary. I wasn’t sure I should call but I forced myself to.”

“I’m glad you did. I was thinking of you earlier.”

“Truthfully?”

“Yes, truthfully.” Mary looked up at her ceiling and sighed. “It is easy to talk to you as well, Bob.”

“I really wanted to hear from you. I’m glad I called.”

“Me, too.”

“Did you get my flowers?”

Mary’s heart sank. She had forgotten but now her heart thundered.

“Mary, are you still there?”

“Yes, Bob, I’m here. Can I be honest?”

“You hated the flowers didn’t you?”

“No, no I loved them. I’m not good at taking care of them; they will probably die before you get back.”

“Oh, I didn’t know. Always tell me the truth, Mary; I can’t stand people who lie. So what is it you have to be honest about?”

Mary was silent for a while. She needed time to compose her thoughts because she had to say it the right way. Robert kept silent and waited for her to speak. Mary sighed, running a stray finger around the bathroom sink. “Why did you send me flowers? What is their meaning?”

“I just wanted you to know that I was thinking about you. Nothing more.”

“So you don’t expect something from me?”

“You mean sex for flowers?”

Mary was silent for a while. “Yes.”

“I’m glad we had this time to talk, Mary. I didn’t know the flowers would make you worry. I’ll be blunt. I can have sex with any woman. That is not what I am after. I like you. I think that you are a special lady and I want to take time to get to know you, the real you. I’m not in a hurry to have sex, I don’t need you to satisfy that need. I’m not trying to sound arrogant. I’m trying hard to put your mind at ease and let you know you are special and worth getting to know. Mary, I know I am not saying this right but I hope you can get my meaning.”

Mary listened to everything Robert said and then reviewed his words in her mind. She loved his smooth voice, how it put her at ease and made her feel safe. “I understand. Thank you for not rushing me. I have a lot going on right now and don’t need the extra stress.”

“I’m glad you understand. Now tell me about your day today, how did it go?”

Mary laughed lightly, “It was all right. It is my day off and I have just been cleaning, it helps me unwind and takes my mind off things. I was in the bathroom cleaning when you called.” Mary felt herself falling hard for this man. She had never known a man to ask about a woman’s day. She wanted to pinch herself to make sure she wasn’t dreaming the whole thing but could not take the chance. “What about you, how was your day?”

“If I’m one hundred percent honest, I have to tell you to never ask a question that you really don’t want the answer to.” He paused to see if she would say something. “Well, I’m babysitting Jerry until the market opens tomorrow so I can’t let him out of my sight. To keep him happy I let him drag me down to a strip club because there was a stripper he wanted to see. Are you upset?”

“No. Thank you for being honest.”

“Sometimes honesty hurts people’s feelings but I do believe it is the best policy in the end. I can’t wait until we can finish and get back to Miami.” Robert took a whiff of his finger.

“I can’t wait either.”

“Well, it is getting late and you need your rest so I will let you go. Can I ask a favor of you?”

“What is it?”

“Will you go out with me when we get back? I mean a real date, just me and you.”

Mary smiled and grew warm all over. “Yes, I would love to go out with you.”

“Good. Now I need you to pick the place. Will you take the time and think about where we will go and what we will do? I am asking because I don’t want to take you for granted and do something that you hate. I want you comfortable and at ease.”

“Thank you for saying that, Bob. I will give it some thought and come up with something.”

“Good, Mary. I hate to let you go but I have to. Good night, Mary, pleasant dreams.”

“Goodnight, Bob, pleasant dreams to you, too.”





 18: First Date





Mary thought long and hard about her date with Bob and where they would go and what they would do. In the end, she decided to play it safe and have dinner at the hotel’s five-star restaurant. After work, she changed in the Culver Room and took the elevator down to the first floor. She walked down the long hallway and across the walkway. When she arrived at the entrance, she took time to admire the hotel’s famous arch ceilings. Many times she would walk the halls and never pay attention to the hotel’s decor. This was the perfect evening to get out of her shell and live in the moment as a different person. Mary relished the thought of being the guest instead of the servant.

Mary fashioned her hair in a classic, glamorous, curly, retro look. She added that extra modern flair by incorporating finger waves with her bangs swept to the side and secured with a blue minibarrette to add sparkle and hold the side-swept pieces firmly in place. She wore a light-blue dress sporting a medium low cut neckline. She still was self-conscious about her large bosom and often wished she were a simple B-cup like Barbara. Unfortunately, she and Jill were blessed with extra padding so a string of pearls served as much needed camouflage. She would have to remember to guard them with care and return them to Mrs. Belmont at her first opportunity. She caressed them before taking a moment to review her blue pumps, deciding a blue purse would be a bit much for her evening.

She phoned Bob earlier and told him to meet her at the Segara Restaurant on the first floor of the Segara Hotel. Not seeing him, she approached the hostess. “Hello, I’m Mary Lake. I have a reservation for 8 o’clock. Has my party arrived?”

The hostess checked her reservation’s list. “I don’t believe so. Would you like to be seated now?”

“Yes, please.”

“Your server will be here in a moment.” The hostess said, after escorting her to the table. She then left to wait on others.

Mary looked around the impressive room. Soft piano music echoed around her while exquisite aromas filled the air.

“Hello, Mary.”

Robert looked dashing in a white shirt with brown blazer. He wore black slacks and shoes. His smile warmed her.

“Hello, Bob. I’m glad you could make it. Please sit.”

“You are looking wonderful tonight.” He sat.

“Thank you for saying so.”

The server came over with menus. “Hello, my name is Rhonda and I will be your server tonight. Please look over the menu and order when ready.”

“What is the house special this evening?” Robert asked her.

“Wallington’s soup. It is a bouillabaisse with turkey and potatoes, similar in texture to clam chowder. It is served with rolls and red wine. The soup comes with two entrees and a slice of red velvet cake to round out the meal.”

Robert watched Mary who gave no indication. “We are not sure yet, give us a few moments.”

“Of course, order when ready.” Rhonda left the table.

They began to look over the menu. Robert looked up at Mary after a few minutes. “Anything strike your fancy?”

“Not really. Half the things on here I can’t even pronounce or know what they are.”

“I thought you had been here before or maybe it was your favorite place?”

“No. It is right under my nose and since I pass by it every day, I thought I might try it. Especially since you are paying and you had such a great day in the markets.” Mary teased with the hint of a smile.

Robert grinned. “You don’t make money so you can blow it the next day. Am I being hustled here?” He gave a devilish grin.

“Not on your life, Mr. Tyler. Besides, you wouldn’t mind treating a girl to a little luxury would you?”

“Not at all. Tell me your heart’s desire, Mary. Give me a chance to make your fondest dream come true.”

Mary feigned shock. “Careful. I hear there are people in Hell today who wish they had been more careful with their wishes.”

“I trust you. I have no doubts at all. But strictly for fun, if you could have anything on earth you wanted this very instant, what would it be?”

Mary’s eyes fell to her menu. She thought long and hard. “I’ll tell you later, dinner time. I want to try the rack of lamb, but I don’t want it all. The homemade ravioli with the broccoli and cauliflower sounds good. And for dessert . . . maybe the black forest cake. How about you?”

“Um, I’m not sure yet.”

The server returned, “Ready?”

Robert squished his nose. “For the lady, she will have the homemade ravioli with broccoli and cauliflower. I will have the rack of lamb with green beans and then for dessert we will both have the black forest cake.”

“Very good, sir. Would you care for something to drink with your meal? May I suggest a red wine or perhaps a Merlot?”

“The red wine, please,” said Mary.

“Very well, I will be back shortly.” She took their menus and went to the kitchen to place their orders.

“Hungry?” asked Robert.

“I’m getting there. You and Jerry were really successful?”

“Yes, everything went according to plan. It was a good day for everyone in the markets.” Robert studied her face for a moment and saw tension. “What’s the matter? You look like something is bothering you.”

“My girls are still fighting. It’s quieting down now but they are still at it and it bothers me. I always feel as if it is my job to play referee and bridge the gap.”

“That must get exhausting over time?”

“Yes, it does.” Thinking about them brought a smile to her face. “They are so much alike it is scary. They are like these two little kids, two sisters who get mad when the other wears their clothes.” Her smile broadened. “I love my girls but they have serious issues.”

“Do they know how lucky they are to have you?”

“I doubt it. They think they are like night and day but it isn’t true—birds of a feather. What about you and Jerry?”

Robert lowered his head for a moment. “Jerry is complicated but simple to a fault. We were college roommates and at first could not stand each other. Over time we looked out for each other and graduated. I think I told you some of this before?” Mary nodded. “Jerry is not a bad guy but he is typical. He likes strip clubs, fast cars, fast women, and money. He gets in trouble and I always come to the rescue, so I know how tiring it can be. We have been through several years of struggle together. We work well together and keep each other motivated.”

Rhonda returned to the table with the drinks. “This is a 1968 bottle from the house’s reserve.” She showed them the bottle and label and poured them a glass. She then left the bottle and went to get their meals.

“To friends who wear us out, drive us crazy, but without whom we may never have met. To good friends,” said Robert. He clinks glasses with Mary.

Mary took only a sip. “Hmm, that is good.”

“Have you ever thought of keeping one of the friends and letting the other go?”

A rush of heat made her take a deeper sip. “No, I could never choose between them. Jill and Barb are one in the same as far as I am concerned.” Heat rose throughout her face just thinking about it. “Could you get rid of Jerry?”

“Well, that is not quite the same thing. You have two good girlfriends and you have stated that they are interchangeable. I only have one close male friend. If I got rid of him I would be alone.”

Mary bristled at the words, redness filled her cheeks to mix with the heat already there. Before she knew it, words rushed out of her blazing with fire. “I never said they’re interchangeable. I said they are similar, birds of a feather. That means that they don’t recognize how similar they are because they are too busy battling each other. I could never get rid of one of my friends and can’t believe you had the nerve to ask that!” Mary grabbed and upturned the remaining liquid left in her glass. She reached for the bottle and filled her glass to the top and took another gulp, half emptying the glass. Robert watched in silence, picking up his glass to pretend all was well.

Rhonda returned with their meals. “Rhonda, I didn’t know the rack of lamb would be this big. Could you bring me a sharp knife and another plate, please?”

“Yes, sir. I’ll be back in a second.” Rhonda returned posthaste to place the items on the table by Robert. “Enjoy your meal.”

Robert sliced off a portion, then placed it on the empty plate by Mary. “The lamb looks delicious.” He said to no one in particular and began eating.

Mary, filled with remorse, stuffed something in her mouth, hoping to choke on it. She ate in silence chewing over her words in her mind. How could she be so stupid? Surely he regretted ever asking her out. How could she be so stupid? She continued to berate herself while forcing herself to eat. She would only stop to drink, unaware she was on her third glass while he remained on his first. Mary put her fork down and looked at her silent partner. “Bob.” She called his name and waited for him to lift up his head and look at her. “I’m sorry for my rudeness. I don’t know what came over me and made me speak to you in that fashion. Please forgive me. I hope I haven’t spoiled the evening for you?” Tears pooled in her eyes. She didn’t want to cry and make him think less of her. She fought as hard as she possibly could and looked him in his mocha eyes, waiting for a response.

Robert put his fork down. “Mary, my night is going perfect and I am happy to be here with you and you alone.” He gave his best reassuring smile.

Mary burst into tears. She covered her face with her napkins to hide but in the process doused herself with red sauce from her ravioli. Robert rushed to pat her shoulder. She pushed him away directing him to take his seat. She stemmed the tide of tears then wiped her face.

“You are too good to me and I don’t know why. I don’t know what came over me.” Mary said the words but deep down she knew the truth. The two mini-bottles she drank back in her office flashed through her mind. They were supposed to calm her nerves and steady her for this date. Mary thought about how she wanted to make a good impression but was blowing it all to hell. She tried to fight the urge to take another sip of her drink and lost the fight. She reached for the glass and before she could scold herself further, she drank it down.

Robert surreptitiously watched Mary but kept eating. “Try the lamb, it tastes fantastic. Go on, try a piece, I would like your opinion.”

Mary pushed her ravioli to the side and sat the plate of lamb before her. She cut a piece and tried it. “Hmm this is good.”

“Good. Try some of the bread with it. Grab a big slice, it helps it go down better.”

Mary continued to eat the lamb. Robert gave her another piece with more buttered bread. After she finished, she went back to her ravioli. “These are great. Would you care to try one?”

Robert tried one. Mary waited for a reaction. “Umm, they are indeed yummy. Madame has great taste.” He gestured as if tipping his hat to her.

Mary smiled and ate more of her ravioli. Robert finished his lamb and worked on his bowl of green beans. “How are they?”

“A little dry, but excellent.” He smiled at Mary. “You picked a great place for dinner.”

“Thank you, I always wanted to try it. My friends think it is too pricey so they will never come with me.”

“Good,” said Robert. “That means I will be the only one who will have the pleasure of bringing you to this fine establishment. I hope you will agree to come back here with me again soon. They have a large menu and I would like to sample some of their unusual offerings.”

“I would be honored to come back with you.” Mary flushed. She thought she had made the ultimate mistake and now Robert would see through her and reject her. She was glad to be wrong.

Rhonda returned. “If you are both finished, we will serve your dessert on the terrace.” She pointed to a pair of curtains.

Robert could see tables between the curtains and the night sky above. “Thank you, we are finished.” He stood, offering Mary his arm. They walked between the curtains to hear a different kind of music playing on the terrace.

“What is that playing?” asked Mary, knowing the music, but needing something to say. “Idiot,” she said under her breath, hoping Robert did not hear her.

Whether he heard her or not he gave no indication. “Sounds like a samba. Can you do any of the Latin dances?”

“No, I’m afraid not. I always wanted to learn a few dances like Samba or Fox Trot but never found the time.” They walked to a table and sat down.

Rhonda brought them small plates and a man wheeled out a cart with desserts on it. He picked up the black forest cake and sat it on the edge of the table and picked up a knife.

“A big piece for the lady and a smaller one for me,” said Robert.

The man placed cake on each plate, bowed, then turned and wheeled his cart to another table.

Mary made no move for her cake. “Would you care for something else for dessert, Mary?”

“No, this is fine. I am just admiring the cake. This is a specialty of my mother’s. She is proud of how well she can make it. In fact, she has won two blue ribbons at the county fair for her cake.” Mary picked up her fork to try a piece. “This is good.”

“Is it better than your mother’s?”

Mary thought for a moment and then took another bite. “This is better.”

“Your mother doesn’t have access to top ingredients. I am pretty sure some of them are from overseas.” He tried to make her feel better, not knowing if she was upset or not.

“Well, that is true.” She took another bite. “Are you mad at me about earlier?”

“I haven’t thought about it anymore. Don’t waste time on the negative, Mary. Life is too short. I enjoy your company and truly look forward to when we can do this again.”

Mary laughed. “Be careful what you wish for. Booty traps are a specialty of the devil.”

Robert laughed loudly. “You mean booby traps don’t you?” He kept laughing.

“No, I said it correctly, booty traps.” She pointed her finger at Robert and said sternly as if giving a warning. “Beware of women who come in nicely wrapped packages, for they are the devil incarnate.” Laughter covered a beet-red face.

Robert laughed with her, enjoying her sense of humor. When Mary let her guard down she was the perfect woman. She could joke or spar with him and he would be just as happy to be in her presence. “I’ll take my chances.” He winked.

“Bob, what do you do when you are not playing the markets?”

“I have several projects in the area to keep me busy.” His short answer didn’t spark more conversation so he added more details. “I own the car wash over on 189th street by Publix. I am also working on a land deal with some college friends who are in the hotel business. They want me to be a partner but I am not sure if I want to be tied down yet.”

“Are you afraid of commitments?” Mary asked.

Robert sensed where she was going. “I have no problems with commitments; I always take care of mine. I am just not always sure of the other party.”

“Perhaps the other party believes you might not come through at a crucial moment and leave them holding the bag.”

“I have never run out on a commitment. Even when it is difficult I see it through until the end. I just need partners who will do the same.”

Mary took another bite of her cake. “If your partner proves untrustworthy do you let them know right away or do you keep silent and secretly look for the opportunity to get out?”

“I believe communication is always the key to any type of relationship. If a partner talks to me, I believe we can solve any problem. It’s the secrets that destroy a good partnership.” Robert took the last bite of his cake.

“I agree. The problem is that most people find that out after sinking a good partnership. Do you always sense when a partnership is going south?”

“In business I have found it wise to give partners a wide berth. That way there is always room to negotiate a peace before things get too far out of hand.”

“And if the no peace can be negotiated, do you give up?”

“I never give up on a deal. I fight to the end. I believe that with communication and patience that any partnership can be saved. Most times I end up losing but I know in my heart that I did all that I could.” Robert studied her confused face for a moment. “Would you care for a walk?” Robert stood, extending his arm to her.

“Yes.” Mary took his arm and they walked down steps to the street. They were on Collins Avenue and walked south of the Belmont Hotel. They passed by several people and listened to the hustle and bustle of the highway. Robert led her to a shop. They entered Donovan’s Antique Shoppe and looked around. Mary watched Robert as he stared at a water globe.

Robert held the globe up for Mary to see. “Do you like these?”

“They’re okay.”

“I’ve always liked them. Not the new ones but the older snow globe type. I love to shake them up and imagine I am there watching the snow fall. That reminds me, have you always lived here in Miami?”

“No. But I have always lived in Florida. My family came from a small town in South Carolina and settled here. I was born here three years later.”

“Do you have brothers and sisters?”

“Yes, one of each.”

“Are they near here?”

“Yes.” Mary played with the snow globe not sure of whether she should give long answers or short answers. She was attracted to Robert but frightened as well, unsure of the reason why.

“Are you ready to call it a night?”

Mary put the globe down. “I guess so. Are you ready?”

“Yes, Mary, let’s get you home so you can rest.” They walked out the store and Robert offered Mary his arm. Robert walked her to the door of the Belmont. “Well, I had a good time with you tonight, Mary. I hope we can do it again real soon.” He bent and lightly kissed Mary on the forehead. “Good night, Mary.”

“Good night, Bob.” Mary walked into the hotel and went straight to her office. She sat behind her desk and opened the desk drawer. She pulled out another mini-bottle and drank it down. Mary closed her eyes and leaned back in her chair. She went over all her mistakes and threw herself a small pity party.





 19: Girl with a Plan





The next morning the computers went down as Barbara prepared to check in several guests. “Oh my god, not again.” She tried to reboot with no luck. She stared at the blank screen and closed her eyes and thought, what now? Barbara opened her eyes and sprang into action. “Please, may I have your attention?” She said to the line of six waiting guests. “Please have a seat in the lobby area. Our computers are down and I am going to have to check you in by hand until we can fix the problem.” She motioned behind them. “Please have a seat and I will be with you shortly.” Barbara got on the phone to call Mary but she was not in. She then walked out the doors and down the hallway.

Barbara saw the housekeeper’s cart in a doorway and went toward the room. She looked inside and saw Jill in a maid’s uniform making one of the two beds in the room. “Jill,” she knocked on the door and waited for her to look up at her. “I need your help in the lobby. I am checking in several guests and the computers are all down. Mary said whenever it happened again to come and get you to help me check-in the guests by hand.”

“I’m a maid, not an office worker,” said Jill with a harsh tone and look.

“I don’t care what you are; I need your help right now. Albert is running an errand for Mrs. Belmont and will be back in three hours, until then, you are what I have to work with. If you refuse to come and help me that’s your ass, not mine. I’ll be in the lobby, if I don’t see you in five minutes, clock out and go home because you’re finished.” Barbara strolled out without giving Jill a chance to respond. There was no time to argue. She found the clipboard from before and searched for rooms on the ground floor.

Jill dragged herself to the front and walked up to Barbara. She hated working up front and hated talking to people about their silly problems and complaints. She loved the quiet and peace of making beds and cleaning rooms. No headaches. Bound and determined not to let Barbara have the upper hand, she waited in silence, scowling for all she was worth.

Barbara said nothing.

“All right, damn it,” Jill whispered through gritted teeth. “Tell me what the hell you want so I can get out of here.”

Barbara, a champion of quiet mouse, broke into a sly smile. “Take these four couples to rooms on the first floor.” She gave Jill a clipboard and small yellow envelopes. “Check the rooms and make sure they are clean and give them their room keys. Let them know that these are temporary rooms until we get our computers back up and running and then we will put them in their correct rooms. Smile and be polite, Jill. You are representing the Belmont, not me.”

“Fine, is there anything besides this that I have to do?”

“No, that will take care of it all. With any luck, the computers will be back up and running soon. Thank you for helping.”

Jill looked at her clipboard. She gave the senior citizens a death scowl. “Mr. and Mrs. Browerdom?” She waited for a response.

“That would be us,” she heard a man with a strong British accent say. A couple rose to her right. “We are the Browerdoms; we have been sitting on our arses for days. By Joseph and sweet Mother Mary, are our flats ready?”

Jill hid her face, rolling her eyes. She swallowed hard before planting a smile to her tight face. “Yes, Mr. Browerdom, your room is ready. This way please.” She pointed to her right and led them out into the courtyard. After completing her inspection, she turned to the couple and handed them their key cards. “This will serve as your temporary room until we get the computers back up and running. If you have any problems please call the front desk and ask for Barbara Limbaugh. Any problem that you have will be solved immediately by Barbara Limbaugh. Any little thing you need, just ask for Barbara Limbaugh. Have a nice day.” Jill plastered on her best smile and left the room. She grinned all the way back to the front lobby’s double doors. She crossed the threshold with a stoic look. “Mr. and Mrs. Asguarte?”

“Over here,” said a man climbing to his feet. He was Mexican and spoke with a strong Spanish accent.

Jill watched the middle-aged man help his wife to her feet. She too was Mexican and three times his size. Jill fixed her gaze on her clipboard, doing her best not to laugh. If not for Barbara’s steady eye, she would have made one or two zingers at the woman’s expense. Instead, fearing a mistake and firing, she stayed stoic. Barbara will not win the war today. Jill led them out to the courtyard. “Please wait a moment while I check the room for you.” She smiled and went in to look around. She came back out quickly and handed them their key cards. “My name is Barbara Limbaugh and if you need anything whatsoever don’t hesitate to call the front desk and ask. I will be happy to listen to your concerns and complaints at any hour of the day. Once we get the computers back on line we will move you to your correct room, but until then, enjoy this temporary room with our compliments. Remember my name, Barbara Limbaugh, I am at your service day and night. Enjoy your stay.” Jill continued in this fashion. Pleased with herself, she skipped down the hall to resume her housemaid duties. She made it to her cart and whistled as she unlocked another door and went inside to make up the beds.

Mary arrived in a green pantsuit carrying the dress she wore on her date with Robert. “Hey, Barb, how are things?”

“Fine, Mary. We had a slight problem with the computers again but I grabbed Jill and assigned rooms by hand. I am now in the process of getting everyone situated. We need a new computer system badly. Mrs. Belmont is being a real cheapskate.”

“Yeah, I know, but Mrs. Belmont says that we have to make do with the problems until the end of the year. That is when she will be doing her evaluations and projections for next year’s budget. I have to help her right before Christmas which will ruin my holidays. Hey, how did Jill behave?”

“She was her usual sunny self.” Barbara didn’t want to get into the gruesome details in case a guest walked by.

Mary eyed her friend. “Come back and talk to me when you get a break. I am going to put this dress in the cleaners and head to the coffee shop, do you want anything?”

“I’ll have a latte with extra foam and sugar. Oh, if you go by Roman’s, grab me a bear claw, please.” Barbara put her hands together to say pretty please to Mary and poked her lip out to make Mary laugh. “Now that is a lot better, Miss Gloomy Cakes. You should be smiling, girl, stop looking so gloomy.”

Mary laughed and moved to take care of her errands.





Mary arrived at the front desk with Jill an hour later. “Here ya go, Barb.” She sat down a latte and a napkin with a bear claw on it at the counter’s edge. She and Jill walked around the corner to Mary’s office. Jill didn’t even look or acknowledge Barbara as she followed Mary to the office.

The phone startled Barbara. “Good afternoon, this is the Belmont Hotel and I am Barbara, may I help you?” She listened to the caller and checked the computer. “Yes, we can accommodate a party of eight. Yes, we have a room with a kitchenette. Yes, it comes with a refrigerator and you will have an ironing board and iron in the room when you arrive. May I have your name for the reservation? Thank you so much for planning your stay with us, we look forward to seeing you in three months. Goodbye.” Barbara put the phone down and went over and took a bite of her bear claw and sipped her latte. She picked up the phone and dialed a number and waited for a reply. “Please come to the front desk.” She put the phone down and took another bite of her bear claw.

Albert Langton, Barbara’s assistant on the day shift, strolled to the desk. His oversized blue suit hung off his scrawny frame. He walked up to Barbara and gave her a clipboard. “These are the completed new room assignments and the open rooms on the second floor you asked for.”

Barbara looked over the page. “Good work, Albert. Now I need you to man this station while a take care of another problem. I will be back in a few minutes.” She gave him back the clipboard and went around the corner.

Albert took the clipboard and placed it under the counter to keep it handy. Two guests arrived and he greeted them before checking them in to their room.

Barbara walked around the corner and realized she had forgotten her coffee and doughnut and went back to retrieve them. She saw Albert leaving with two guests and looked at the computer spewing data across its screen. “About time,” she said under her breath. She grabbed her latte and bear claw and raced back around the corner. Barbara came to a swift stop at Mary’s door and knocked and then went in. “Greetings all,” she said as she plumped her frame into a chair to finish eating.

Mary sat behind her desk eating a doughnut and sipping hot coffee. Jill sat to her right drinking coffee. “You mean you haven’t finished eating by now, Barb?” Mary inquired of her friend.

“No, the computer is going up and down since last night. I had Albert reserve the left side of the second floor for emergency hand reservations. I’ll get George to do something on the ground floor tonight so that we have a good hedge against catastrophe.” She finished her bear claw and sipped more of her latte.

Mary looked at Jill, “how about you, quiet mouse? Nothing to say?”

Jill looked at Mary and sipped her coffee. “I did my job without complaining, what more is there?”

“Stop being a bitch, Jill. You gave as good as you got, so let it go.” Mary fired back without hesitation.

Jill gritted her teeth, she looked at Mary and then at Barbara sitting opposite her. “Fine. I am sorry I attacked you, Barbara, I was wrong. I will keep my personal problems to myself from now on. Will you accept my sincerest apology?” Jill forced herself to smile, though she replayed the slap from the club.

Barbara knew her too well. “Fine. I accept your apology for Mary’s sake. But don’t think for a second that I have forgotten what you did to me.”

Jill puffed up. “I didn’t do a damn thing to you, you are the one who did something to me and don’t forget it.” Blood rushed to Jill’s face turning it a nice scarlet.

Barbara was no pushover and was getting hot as well. “You started in on me that morning and you fucking well know it. Anytime you are ready you know where to find me.”

“You fat ass bitch! I’m not afraid of a cow like you. We can go right here and now, and this time, I haven’t been drinking, bitch!” Jill’s southern accent was back and she stood with fire in her eyes.

Barbara jumped to her feet to face her nemesis. “Bring it on you bleach headed bitch! Drunk or sober, your ass is grass.”

Mary threw her desk phone between the women, shattering it at their feet. Mary put her hands to her face and sobbed. The two women forgot about their problems and raced to Mary’s side to hold her.

“I’m sorry,” said Jill.

“I’m sorry,” said Barbara. They hugged Mary and wept. They kept telling her they were sorry and Mary calmed. They got her to sit down in her chair and gave her some tissue to wipe her face.

“What is it, Mare?” Jill asked.

“Tell us what the problem is, Mary, maybe we can help. It can’t be this.” Barbara added to their conversation.

Mary wiped her face and then shook her head. “It’s not, it’s not . . . the two of you.” She wiped her face some more and sniffled a little more. “I keep ruining things with Bob, I mean Robert. I keep sabotaging myself and just can’t make any progress.” Mary leaned back in her chair and looked at her two dear friends. She held each of their hands and smiled. “You two are the best friends in the world. I don’t know what I would do without you.”

“Oh, Mare, you don’t have to worry about us.” Jill turned and looked at Barbara and smiled. She then said to Barbara, “you are a pain, girl, but you are my pain. I’m sorry about Jerry, I knew better but was feeling real shitty that night. I’m sorry.”

Hatred evaporated from Barbara. “I’m sorry as well. Men are a dime a dozen, but you always need your girls. Let’s forget about it and worry about important things.” She smiled at Jill and then turned to Mary, “all right, Mary, let’s fix this. Tell us what happened and what went wrong.” They sat on the edge of Mary’s desk and let go of her hand so she could wipe her eyes and tell her story.

Jill searched for a way to ease her friend’s pain. “Well, Mare, it doesn’t sound that bad. If he thought you were a nutcase he wouldn’t have bothered walking you back. My guess is that he thinks you are more complicated than crazy. You need to explain yourself more to him when you think that you have done something that he might interpret as crazy. Does that make any sense to you, Mare?”

“A little bit. I understand what you are saying but I think it is way too late for explanations.”

“Mary,” bellowed Barbara. “Don’t be so hard on yourself. Jill is right about him. You are just way too hard on yourself and you don’t have to be. It sounds to me like he is just as crazy about you as you are about him, relax. The way I see it, your problem is a bedroom problem that you are rehearsing in your big old ass head, girl.” Barbara arched her brows to drive her point home. “You are worried about sleeping with him, right?” Mary half nods. “Well then the problem is simple. Take the plunge. Everything else will work itself out after you do the deed and get it out of the way.”

Jill’s face heated as blood rushed to turn her face a cherry red. “I don’t believe you had the nerve to suggest such a crazy ass idea. Mary don’t you dare listen to that nonsense. That is nothing but bullshit. Listen to me, Mare, you need to just slow down and take it easy and don’t be so hard on yourself. That is all you need to do. You are just blowing things out of proportion and it is making you nuts.”

“Mary, don’t listen to her shit, you know what you need to do,” said Barbara with an evil look to Jill. “Now be honest. What is the main problem that you are having with the relationship?”

Mary knew the problem well, “you are right, Barb. I keep thinking about the next step and where to go from there.”

“Like I said, take the plunge and get it over with.”

Jill was not happy her best friend would take advice from a whore like Barbara and ignore sound advice from her. “Mare, you have to be realistic. You don’t just hop into bed with some guy because you are told that it will make things better. It won’t, believe me. Take it slow and it will get better over time.”

“Yeah, like you and Bert? Mary doesn’t need that kind of advice because it will not lead to anything good. Sex is nothing but sex and if you get it out of the way you can see clearly as to what the next step should be.”

“Thanks, Barb. She’s right, Jill. I should get sex out of the way and see if we can build something special from there. I’m just too chicken to make a move and I have got to plow ahead and take a chance.” Mary opened her desk drawer and reached for a mini bottle.

“Oh no, no, no, no,” said Jill. “If you are going to take the plunge you are going to do it sober and in charge.” Jill looked at her best friend and wanted to do all she could do to help her. “First things first, Mare. Do you have any condoms?”

“I can’t even remember when the last time I saw a condom was, let alone when I used one.” Mary started laughing.

Barbara and Jill laughed with her. Then Barbara took the lead and asked, “How does the garden look these days, Mary? Do you shave or just let it grow wild down there?” Barbara gave a nervous chuckle.

Mary blushed. “I guess I could use a trimming.” She turned a light shade of red. “Maybe a weed wacker.” She laughed with her girls.

“I’ll make you an appointment with Sara, she is fast and delicate.” Jill winked at her friend to reassure her of her honesty.

“And I’ll get you some appropriate drawers that will not only dazzle, but will make him stand up and take notice. God knows you don’t have anything to do the trick.” Added Barbara with a laugh.

“Well don’t make me look like a hooker; I have enough problems already without having to worry about a sales price.” Mary laughed nervously, wondering why she had agreed to this insane idea in the first place.

“Don’t worry, Mare, you are in good hands and we will take care of you. I’ll be back in a minute.” Jill got up to leave. She stopped in her tracks, turning to Barbara. “Don’t let her drink a thing, not one drop.” She looked at Mary and said, “Promise?”

“Yes, mother. I won’t touch a drop. Goodbye.”

“Go on,” said Barbara to Jill. “We’ll be fine.”

Jill left and Barbara turned to Mary. “Are you sure?”

“I’m nervous as hell but I am absolutely sure this is the right thing to do. I just hope I can deliver.”

Barbara burst out with laughter. “Honey bun, all you have to do is lay there and enjoy the ride. God, you are just as melodramatic as that one.” She pointed her thumb at the door and laughed some more.

“I know I am not a school girl anymore. I get anxious when it is something I really want and I always mess it up. I am trying so hard to be perfect this time but I know me and I will do something wrong, I just know it.”

“Mary, relax. You go to him and take off your clothes and lay back and let him do the work. Your job is to relax and go with the flow. Just feel good and relax, the rest will take care of itself.”

“I know I’m just being stupid. People are having sex at this very moment all over the planet and I’m sitting here acting like it’s a planet creating experience. It’s just good old fashioned sex.”

“But only if you are doing it right, girl.” Barbara shook her hips, forcing Mary to laugh. “Take your time and don’t rush it. He will be nervous, too. All right?”

Mary took Barbara’s hand again. “Thanks for being here for me.”

“No problem.”

“Try to get along better with Jill, too.”

“No promises there, but I will try. Tell you what, Mary, I will let her insults roll off my back like a duck in water. But I swear to god, if that little Munchkin balls up her fist like she wants to hit me, I might just knock her back to the stone ages.” They both laughed and eased Mary’s anxiety.

Jill came back in while they were laughing and was disturbed by it but didn’t say a word. “Mare, I have you booked so let’s get going.” Jill had changed out of her housekeeper’s uniform and was dressed in jeans with a white tank top. “Sorry you can’t get away, Barb, duty calls.” Jill smiled at Barbara and was doing a little jig inside.

“Well, I better get back to work,” said Barbara to Mary. “Have fun and relax and breathe. The pain is a bitch but you will be rewarded later.” She smiled and got up to leave and walked to the door. She flashed a look to Jill before leaving but said not a word to her.

Jill said nothing. Their truce was in effect but she would walk up to the line and spit across it when she felt like it. She turned back to Mary. “Are you ready to go?”

“Yeah, but let me file these papers then we can head out.” Mary picked up some papers off her desk and walked over to the filing cabinet. “That is that, let’s go.”

Mary and Jill walked down Collins Avenue before turning to the right and walking another two blocks to the salon. “Welcome to Sara’s Cut and Trim, do you ladies have an appointment?”

“Yes,” said Jill. “My friend is here for the first time and she needs a wax and trim. She has delicate skin and needs someone with an experienced touch. No trainees for my girl.”

“Don’t worry, we only employ the best workers here. And you are?”

“Mary.”

“Well, hello, Mary. I am Ashley and I will be taking care of you myself. You have never had a wax before?”

“No, I trim when necessary.” Mary looked around the room, rubbing her hands together.

“Well, come in the back with me and we will get you comfortable.” Ashley led them into a small room with a table and chair. The room had a large overhead light display similar to that of an operating room. “Your friend can stay and have a seat in the chair if you like. We want you to do whatever makes you more comfortable. If you are not relaxed it will take twice as long and be twice as painful. Do you want her to stay?”

“Um, yes, have a seat, Jill. You might as well witness my screaming firsthand.”

Jill took her seat next to the head of the table. “It’s not that bad, Mare.” She leaned in to whisper. “She’s just teasing.”

“Go into that room and change into the gown that is there. You can keep on your bra but no panties. Come back when you’re ready.” Ashley pointed to the room.

Mary returned in a green hospital gown. She hoisted herself on to the table, laid her head on the pillow, turned her head to the left, and smiled nervously at Jill. Jill stroked Mary’s cheek. “Relax, she was teasing.”

“I hope so.”

Ashley came back in holding a bowl of hot wax. “Would you care for a drink before we get started?”

Mary shook her head. “Let’s just do it.”

“Have a shot of whiskey, Mare.”

“All right, give me a quick shot.”

Ashley poured Mary a drink. Mary drank down her drink and sighed. She lay back down on the table to brace herself. “Put your feet in these stirrups, Mary.” Mary put her feet into the contraption and Ashley spread them apart. She lifted Mary’s gown from her knees to her waist. Ashley then raised the stirrups higher and spread them further apart. Though her face flushed with embarrassment Mary did her best to relax. “Relax, Mary, I will give the liquor a chance to do its job before I start. The wax will be warm to the touch but will not burn you. The first task I have to do is to grab a pair of scissors and trim you down some more. You have excellent skin and hair to work with, I like it.”

“Thank you.” Mary felt better for some reason.

Ashley put on gloves and trimmed with the scissors before applying the wax. “Is there a particular style that you would like to have?”

“Excuse me?”

“What style would you like? Bermuda triangle, landing strip, newborn baby?”

Mary turned a bewildered head to Jill. “Mare, how do you want to look after the wax? Are you comfortable with all the hair removed or do you want to keep a little?”

“Oh, god, um let me think.” She turned back to Ashley and said, “the last one, I guess.”

“Great, relax and I will get you started.” Ashley began applying the wax with precision. She watched Mary’s facial expression to see how well she was handling the experience. Mary grimaced and cried out a couple times but made it through the procedure well. “We are done.” Ashley let the stirrups down and pulled Mary’s gown down. “Go into the bathroom and have a look.”

Mary climbed to her feet and marched to the bathroom. “It’s okay, I guess.” She yelled through the door.

“Good, get dressed, you are all done,” said Ashley. She began putting away the items she had been using when Mary came back out fully dressed.

“I feel a little weird.”

“Oh, Mare, you will get used to it.” Jill got up and they left the salon after paying. They slowly walked back and saw a waiter setting up tables outside a little coffee shop. “Let’s have a quick bite and talk.”

“All right.” Jill went to the counter and ordered for them. They were led outside and sat at a table for two.

“How do you really feel, Mare?”

“Kind of weird and I am starting to itch a little. Do you think I’m making a mistake?”

“I think Barb is a slut who thinks with her clit.” Jill blurted, then added, “It doesn’t matter what I think, do you think you are making a mistake?”

Mary thought for a while and was happy when the waiter brought them their order. She took a bite of her empanada and sipped her drink before replying. “I like Robert maybe too much. When I like someone I mess it up and this time I want to do it differently. You remember John Slocum from Benny’s?”

“Yeah, I remember him.”

“I had this stupid three month rule before sleeping with a man. I read in a magazine that if you made your man wait that he would be truer to you and the relationship would stand the test of time. I was so stupid that I bought into that garbage and kept putting him off for two and half months. I went to the Aventura alone and there he was in the theater in the back row getting a blow job from an alley hooker. He tells me that it is entirely my fault for making him wait three months. He said he wanted to respect me and my wishes but he had bottled up energy that had to be released somehow.” Mary stopped talking and took another bite of her empanada and then took another sip of her drink. “Well, anyway, Robert and Jerry were in a strip club while he was in New York on business and I think he is doing the same thing.”

“Mare, that is no reason to sleep with him. If he loves you he will wait, you ought to know that by now. Don’t do something you will regret later. Hell, look at Bert and me. I gave that fucker my goodies the first night and he has been ignoring me ever since. Make his ass wait awhile. Has he been putting pressure on you?”

“No, he hasn’t said a word about sex. He is probably wondering how to get away from a neurotic psycho like me.”

“Stop it, Mare, you are as normal as I am. And I am the best thing that ever happened to Bert Asshole Harper.”

Mary chuckled at Jill’s lunacy. “How are you and Bert doing these days?”

“Well, I’m at the house with him so that’s saying something.”

“Did you tell him about Jerry?”

“Good god, no! Do I look like I’m retarded to you?” Jill started laughing.

“Don’t you think you should tell him? Why did you do it in the first place? You are the one who told me marriage is forever.”

Jill took a bite of her empanada, “it is.” She sipped her drink and checked her wristwatch. “I love being almost married, but it’s hard, Mare. I don’t think Bert would cheat on me but I feel like I’m being ignored constantly. I feel as if I don’t matter and sometimes I can’t reach him no matter how hard I try. One time we were arguing and he stopped and tried to leave out of the bedroom so I blocked the door. I made him force me out of the way and even then he didn’t hit me or raise his voice. Sometimes I just do crazy things just to get a rise out of him. I feel like even if all we do is fight, at least he is recognizing me and that is better than nothing.” She took another bite of her empanada and sighed. “Are you really sure you want to be in a committed relationship, Mare? It’s not all that exciting from where I’m sitting. Sometimes I’m envious of Barb and her sleep-with-whatever-is-moving attitude.”

Mary laughed. “Stop it, you and Barb are birds of a feather and I see it even if you don’t. And yes, I want a man to come home to at night. My fantasy is not to have someone to hold in bed, but someone to spoon with as I drift off to sleep or just to watch a movie with. You girls are nice but a man, a real man, is what I’m shooting for.” Mary finished her meal and reached for her purse that she had laid on the back of her chair.

“Don’t bother, I already paid.”

“I’m still docking you for missing work.” Mary smiled and gave her some money. “You know Mrs. Belmont has spies everywhere.”

Jill put the money in her purse. “Have you made plans for tonight?”

Mary shook her head. “Yes, I’ll call Robert and ask him to meet me upstairs in one of the rooms. When he shows up I’ll just let nature take its course.”

“No, Mare, that is not romantic at all. I saw something in the boutique that would look good on you and as long as you don’t rip it, you can return it tomorrow. Let me get a room ready and I will text you and then you can invite him up. Take him to a movie and if things are going good then take him back to the hotel and do the deed. No muss no fuss. What do you think?”

“All right, I’ll try it your way. Come on, let’s get back to work.” They rose and left the coffee shop to finish out the workday.

Mary waited until late in the day to call Robert and arrange their date. She picked up her office phone and dialed his home phone. The phone rang three times and then Mary put it back down, relieved that he wasn’t at home. She cursed herself for chickening out and dialed again. The phone rang several times before it was picked up. “Hello.”

She heard a man with a deep voice speaking and was so startled that she didn’t recognize the voice. “Robert? It’s Mary.”

“Yes, Mary, I’m here.”

“Hello, Bob, how are you?”

“I’m fine, Mary, how about you?”

“I can’t complain. Bob, I wanted to know if you were free this evening?”

“I’m not doing anything special. What do you have in mind?”

“I was thinking about a movie. You know something that we could see and we didn’t have to do a lot of talking so I wouldn’t be tempted to put my big foot in my even bigger mouth.”

Robert chuckled. “That would be great, Mary. Let me have the details.”

“Great, let me phone over and I can see what is playing around 7 pm tonight at the Aventura?”

“Sounds great, shall I meet you there?”

“No, I’ll still be here at work. Drop by around 6:30 and pick me up.”

“Sounds great, I will see you then.” Robert put down the phone and prepared for the evening.





 20: Mission Accomplished





Mary stood at the door looking out at the road and the people who passed by. She absently rubbed her hands together, starting to perspire. Her whole life has led up to this moment and whether or not she would screw it up would determine her fate. A nasty suspicion reared its ugly head in the back of her mind. Something was wrong, she felt it. She debated whether she should check the hospitals or phone his house to see if he had forgotten. She paced another minute, then moved away from the window, thinking she was just being crazy and if she only had a drink it would calm her nerves. She couldn’t go back to her office and have a drink because that damn Jill had gone in and removed her stash of minis. Mary wondered what to do. She sighed then stood against a wall to compose her thoughts and be rational. She looked at the big clock on the wall above the front desk counter and saw that it was 6:20pm. She was early and there was no reason to worry. Mary began to regulate her breathing and assumed that she was just an idiot. Robert was not late or in an accident or at home and simply forgot about her. She moved away from the wall and walked back toward the double doors that led outside. She opened the door and walked around in the inner courtyard. Everything was fine and there was no need to worry.

Earlier that day, Barbara had given her a brand new matching set of underwear that she had bought from Victoria’s Secret. Mary told her to leave the set of underwear in the hotel room and she would wear it if the movie went well. Mary wore a green Lurex sweater dress with ruffle hem and a deep V-neck in the back, Jill’s gift from the boutique. The dress was a little too much for the movies but Jill thought it would make a good impression. It hugged Mary’s ass. Mary liked the fact that the V-neck was in the back because her large breasts were still a problem area for her. She would always choose something to wear that would cover them up and mask their size, this dress did the trick. It had a high collar in front and was not tight at all. Mary looked at herself in the mirror before leaving the Culver Room and swore that her breasts had shrunken. She truly liked the way she looked though it was not her favorite color.

Mary walked around the dimming courtyard trying to lose herself in the scenery. She had managed to calm down when she heard her name. Mary turned to see Robert standing there. She smiled, disappointed—she wanted to make a grand entrance. Mary braced herself, she would make this her entrance. She put her hands to her side and walked as slowly and seductively toward him as she could. She kept eye contact with him and watched as his eyes traveled the length of her body. His eyes drifted from her head to her feet and back up again. Mary felt a warm sensation as he took in her beauty. She tingled with delight as she approached him. “Hello, Bob,” said Mary as she reached his side.

“Wow, all I can say is . . . wow! You look fantastic!” Robert stood staring at her for a minute and Mary took delight in his stares.

“You men don’t understand the work and pain it takes to be presentable. Paying homage is the price. You better recognize.” Mary was horrified that those words slipped out. She wanted to just say a simple thank you. What Happened? She hoped he didn’t think she was full of herself.

“When I stop recognizing beauty then kill me on the spot.” Mary laughed with him. He offered his arm and they left.

Barbara and Jill were at the hotel peeking around a corner. They were just as nervous as Mary. She was their child going off on her very first date. Proud parents watched Mary get into a taxi with Robert. They turned and high-fived each other.

After getting tickets, Robert saw a concession stand. “Would you like some popcorn or a soda?”

“Um, yes, please, some popcorn with extra butter and some Goobers. They’re my favorite.”

“What would you like to wash it down with?”

“Um, how about a coke, make it a diet coke.”

“Coming right up, would you like to have a seat over there or do you want to go ahead in to the movie and be seated?”

Mary glanced at chatting couples in the seated area. “I’ll take a seat and go in with you, that way I will be easy for you to find.” Mary grinned and turned to leave. Mary sat and watched Robert, admiring how handsome and tall he was. She had always preferred that her date be taller. She figured Robert was roughly four inches taller. He looked handsome in his brown blazer. She wondered if he would tan if he stayed too long in the sun. She cursed herself for the stray thought. She sat her mind to one thought—he was her Prince Charming and tonight he would get his prize.

Robert strutted to Mary carrying a big tray. “I think I bought out the store.” He chuckled.

“My god, I think you did, too.” She chuckled. They walked into the movie theater together and found seats in the back row. Mary didn’t pay attention to the movie, she was too busy planning the after party in her head. As she watched the movie she would go over every detail of what would happen at the hotel. She wanted the evening to go perfect and kept replaying the night’s events. She got up and whispered to him, “I have to go to the bathroom, I will be right back.”

Robert grew up in a family of eight children, he would often sit quietly and listen to the conversations around him and comment when necessary. He was silent yet strong and knew that he could provide a woman with a lifetime companion that would support her. He would go to the ends of the earth and back again for his woman. The job now was to find such a woman and it was his wish that Mary be that woman. He never told her but she reminded him of his mother who was the strength of their family. She had her own demons to deal with but she was the glue that held the family together. Robert made a solemn vow that he would find a woman like his mother to begin his family. He had already planned on at least two children but was not concerned about what their names would be. Only that they would be strong and healthy. Robert sat and tried to watch the movie but he kept thinking of ways to start a conversation with Mary and had no idea what the movie was about. He desperately hoped that when Mary returned she would not ask him about the movie. He tried in her absence to try to figure the movie out just in case she would want to question him about it. All he could think about was how awkward he felt.

Mary returned after a short absence. “I’m back, did I miss anything important?”

“No, Mary, you didn’t miss anything. These movies are generally predictable. Do you like it so far?”

“Um, yes I do. I’m a sucker for a happy ending.” Mary ate some popcorn, not because she was hungry but because she had said something she wished she hadn’t had said. Mary determined to eat and drink in silence and to keep her mouth filled at all times. She blushed at the thought then shoveled more popcorn into her mouth.

Robert was hesitant to speak because he was afraid he would say the wrong thing and set Mary off so he too remained silent. They watched the rest of the movie in silence and smiled at each other when it was over. Robert helped Mary to her feet. “I liked it, did you?”

“Yes, I did. Are you glad you came tonight?”

“Yes, Mary, I like spending time with you. Shall we go back to the hotel?”

“Yes, we shall.” Mary paid no attention in the cab ride back and couldn’t recall if Robert asked her anything. His comment consumed her: he liked spending time with her. Why didn’t he say he loved spending time with her? Was it a slip of the tongue or had things changed? She clearly remembered him saying he loved spending time with her earlier. Had something she said changed his opinion of her? Mary wrestled with these questions as they approached the hotel.

After the cab stopped, Mary looked at Robert. “Please come inside and have a drink with me.”

Robert walked Mary to the door of the Belmont Hotel and they went inside. Mary was sure of Robert and was sure tonight she would give herself to him. They went through the lobby area and down a hall to a small restaurant lounge in the hotel. They took a seat at a small table and Mary called the server for an order. “Anything special you want?”

“No, Mary, I am in your hands tonight, you decide.”

Mary waited for the server. “Do you have any champagne?”

“Yes, Madame, would you care for a bottle?”

“No, just two glasses, please.”

“Right away, Madame.” The server left them to get their order.

“Do you know him?” Robert asked Mary.

“Yes, he worked for me for a while as a maintenance worker. I believe it was two years ago. Why do you ask?”

“Nothing really. This is a small area and I imagine everyone knows everyone. I was just curious.”

“Oh,” said Mary, unsure of what to say next.

The server returned with their champagne and they made a toast and drank it down. Robert said, “I am sure you have had a long day, perhaps I should say goodnight?”

“I’ll walk you out,” is all that Mary could think to say. She and Robert walked toward the front of the hotel. Mary knew she couldn’t let Robert leave, he must want this night as much as she does. She stopped dead in her tracks and turned to him. “Bob, come with me.” She turned around and led him to the elevator and pressed the button. She waited in silence as the elevator arrived and stepped on board when the doors opened. Mary pushed the fourth floor button and the doors closed again. She reached into her purse for her cell phone. Mary checked her messages and found one from Jill that contained only numbers: 442. Mary closed the phone and put it away. The doors opened again and Mary led Robert out. She searched for the room. Mary found it and saw an envelope attached to the doorknob. She opened the envelope and pulled out a keycard and opened the door. A vanilla scent wafted to her. Mary and Robert entered a room with a large king-size bed surrounded by flaming candles on all sides. Mary saw rose petals on the bed and imagined that it was a special touch from Jill. They walked in and Robert shut the door behind him. “Bob, I want you to stay with me tonight. Are you surprised?”

Robert beamed. “Yes, Mary, you caught me by surprise. But, I love surprises like this.” He smirked.

“Make yourself comfortable, I’ll go and slip into something more comfortable myself. I hope you will approve?” Mary smiled and walked toward the door to the bathroom. She turned the knob and went inside. Lying across the top of the dresser was a blue Nightie with matching panties and bra. She also saw a small box of condoms with a bow on top— the kind you stick on Christmas presents. She picked up the condoms and giggled quietly, this must be the work of Barbara. She put them down and changed. Mary took a deep breath and emerged out of the bathroom, nervous but determined.

Robert was already in the bed and drinking a glass of champagne left for them. Satisfaction etched into his broad face as he beheld a vision. Mary modeled her simple Ribbon-trim light-blue Nightie that was made see-thru by candle light. She felt a tug of embarrassment. Barbara’s taste was a little too radical for Mary but she knew her friend meant well. A small smile pierced her stoic demeanor and she turned.

She sat on the edge of the bed and leaned down and kissed Robert as softly as she could. She then moved closer in bed to him and kissed him deeply. She rose and looked him in the eye. “I’m nervous as hell so forgive me if I seem a little weird.” He looked amused and kissed her as his answer. Mary slid under the covers, shaking as if she were cold. She removed her Nightie, feeling naked and vulnerable. Still, determination fueled her. With a long held sigh, she pushed the sheet aside. She kissed him again and pressed her body close to him and felt his heat. She pressed her body even closer before moving to the side.

Robert lay on top of Mary and continued to do nothing but ply her with kisses. When Mary was ready, she took off her bra and then her panties. She felt comfortable in the candle light, she was sure if the lights had been on she would have been too afraid to reveal her flaws. Robert lay on top of her, ready and eager. Mary reached down, feeling his thickness, guiding him inside her pleasure center. Strong pulsations moved the length of her body, she gasped, throwing her head back in grimace and pleasure. Mary quivered with excitement and as Robert began slowly stroking up and down Mary felt her body automatically moving without sensing it, her body falling in rhythm with his. She closed her eyes and placed her hands on his muscular backside and rode out wave after wave of pure ecstasy, driving him deeper and deeper into her. Mary held on for dear life as Robert took her on the thrill ride of a lifetime. This stallion was everything that Mary had thought he would be. She felt herself on the verge of orgasm, but was not ready for it to end. She tried to hold back, to delay, but it could not be stopped. She had gone too far. Mary moaned softly and held tightly to him as he brought her to climax. The world disappeared as she floated only to return to sanity and then float off again. When Robert finally reached orgasm Mary had lost count of the number of times she moaned with satisfaction. Robert collapsed on top of Mary. Mary stroked the back of his head and felt how hot and wet he had become from their encounter. His sweat dripped on to Mary and she took delight in the fact that she knew he was happy. He lay on top of her for another minute and then rolled to the side to lay next to her. They kissed some more then lay next to each other. Her only words, “Hold me, tightly.”

Mary closed her eyes. She trembled. The night had gone perfect, a dream fulfilled. Suddenly, her heart sped up. Fear shot through her. Again she trembled. She calmed before he noticed. Mary made the mistake of thinking two steps ahead, like she always did. She berated herself for the thought. It may all fall apart tomorrow, and knowing her, she would find a way to wreck it. But tonight, she has her dream. She shut her eyes tighter to keep the dream alive for a little bit longer. With one more thing on her mind, she took a last look into his chocolate eyes then turned so they could spoon. She felt him push in from behind as he wrapped his huge arms around her. A smile of triumph graced her face. I have everything tonight. Why does there have to be a tomorrow?


