


QUINN MARSHALL HAD never seen a naked woman outdoors before. That realization came to him later. For now, his brain was incapable of forging a thought, having gone on strike the instant he’d rounded the back of Phil’s beach house and spotted the stranger rinsing off under the outdoor shower situated at the far end of the wooden, wraparound deck.

She was unaware of his presence—correction, blissfully unaware. Eyes squeezed shut against the hammering spray, she was dancing to her own off-key if spirited rendition of Gloria Gaynor’s “I Will Survive.”

And that was something else, Quinn would later reflect. He’d never before seen a naked woman dance, much less with this degree of unselfconscious enthusiasm. And no, Phil’s bachelor party didn’t count.

What she lacked in vocal skills, she more than made up for in heart and a healthy sense of rhythm. She was a disco dynamo from the undulating hips to the shimmying shoulders and breasts, tipped by nipples so tightly puckered they looked like pink berries.

Which prompted his first coherent thought, that the water had to be cold. Either that or this lady was really into disco. He was just close enough to see gooseflesh everywhere he looked. And he looked everywhere.

Quinn’s innate sense of propriety finally kicked in, ending his brief foray into voyeurism. He commenced an awkward backward shuffle, powerless to drag his gaze from the spectacle.

The air left his lungs in an astonished bark as he landed hard on his butt on the sandy lawn. Beach paraphernalia clattered out of the plastic tote basket he’d tripped over. “I Will Survive” ended on a high-pitched yelp. The shower stopped. Cursing under his breath, Quinn struggled to pry his foot out of the basket handle.

“You surprised me!” the woman said with a breathless chuckle. She lifted a vividly colored beach towel from the deck and started blotting her face. “You must be my downstairs neighbor.”

“Uh... yeah.” Quinn managed to wrench the basket off his foot, but his deck shoe went with it. He shoved the shoe back on his bare foot while racking his brain for words appropriate to this situation. Please forgive me for inadvertently witnessing your display of public nudity and enjoying it.

“I just got here this morning,” she said, squeezing water from her waist-length brown hair. “I leased the upstairs for the month of July.”

Her attitude couldn’t have been more blasé, while Quinn felt a scalding flush crawl up his throat. He staggered to his feet and brushed sand off his khaki shorts.

She started toward him, briskly toweling her chest and arms. “I’m Molly. How long are you staying?”

She stuck out her hand and automatically he shook it. It was icy from the cold shower.

I’m shaking a naked lady’s hand. There’s a naked lady standing here and I’m shaking her hand.

He cleared his throat. “Quinn Marshall. Nice to meet you.”

“That is such a great name! Welcome, Quinn.”

Molly’s smiling eyes were sapphire-blue, shading to violet near the center with a dark ring around the iris. There was a little mole under the outside corner of her left eye. She squinted just a bit against the moisture that spiked her lashes, giving her a slumberous, just-been-loved look.

None of which would have registered, he knew, if he hadn’t been staring fixedly into her eyes in a heroic effort to keep from staring anywhere else.

She bent down to dry her legs, looking up with an expectant expression that reminded Quinn she’d asked him something.

He said, “Uh... I have the place all month. Yeah. Until August first. Well. Not the whole place. Just the downstairs. Not the upstairs. I mean, well, you know, you have the upstairs, right?” Shut up, he commanded himself. Shut! Up!

“Oh, listen, does this bother you?” Molly straightened with an open-armed gesture meant to draw his attention to those parts of her he was studiously trying to ignore. A few lingering droplets of water quivered between her breasts and in the triangle of dark hair at the juncture of her thighs.

“No!” He shooed away the ludicrous idea and struck what he hoped was an indolent pose.

“I sometimes forget that most people are a little, you know, uptight about their bodies.” As she spoke she slid the big, colorful towel behind her back, wrapped both sides over her front, and tied the top corners behind her neck. It looked like some sort of psychedelic toga.

Quinn had known there would be another tenant, in the second floor of the duplex house, but where had Phil dug up this flaky exhibitionist? Was this little town in Cape Cod some kind of clothing-optional vacation spot and no one had seen fit to inform him?

No distractions, his friends had said. They’d assured him this vacation would be just what he needed, a few weeks of solitary R and R to evaluate his options, fine-tune his resumé, and chart his next career move—with better results than last time, he hoped.

Quinn had had to take their word for it. What did he know about vacations? He could count on one hand the number of times he’d taken so much as a weekend off during the past eight years he’d spent clawing his way up the corporate ladder in the advertising business.

Two weeks earlier he’d taken an unexpected tumble off that ladder when he’d lost his job as executive account manager at Phil Owen and Associates. The fact that Phil had been forced to let him go due to a business merger didn’t make unemployment any easier to stomach. Quinn had been with the agency only four months, but nobody could say he hadn’t been doing a damn fine job.

Knowing better than to burn his bridges, he remained on amicable terms with his ex-boss. Even so, when Phil had offered him free use of the first floor of his Cape Cod beach house for a month—probably out of feelings of guilt—Quinn’s first instinct had been to refuse.

His buddies had had other ideas. They’d urged him to take a little time off before leaping back into the job market. Chill-out time, they’d called it. The critical component? No distractions. They’d been quite firm on that point.

He’d only known Molly a minute or two, but he doubted he’d ever been more distracted.

She walked past him around the house, which was sided in weathered gray cedar shakes that had seen better days. “I’ll help you bring your stuff into the house.”

“Oh, thanks, but that’s not—”

“Wow! Nice car!”

He rounded the corner to find her running her hand over the gleaming fender of his new Mercedes, the only car occupying the crushed-shell parking area. He wondered where hers was.

“It is the exact color of butter.” She leaned over the hood, stroking his vehicle as if it were a lover. “Pale and creamy, the perfect yellow, you know? Classy.”

As she straightened, her long, wet hair trailed over the freshly waxed surface. Judging from his physical reaction, it might as well have been trailing over his bare thighs.

Quickly he circled the car, unlocked the trunk, and hauled out his burgundy leather garment bag and matching suitcase. She joined him and hefted the plastic milk crate crammed with coffee, sugar, and other staples he’d brought from his Manhattan apartment.

“No, I mean it,” he said. “I can do this.”

“You’re really tense, Quinn,” she observed pleasantly as she led the way to the front door. “Stiff, you know?”

He knew. But thanks to loose shorts and an untucked polo shirt, maybe she didn’t have to. He followed her with the luggage. The toga-towel thing covered her modestly to her knees, but it hugged her form in a way he could only describe as, well, distracting.

Tucking the milk crate under one arm, Molly opened the front door, which was desperately in need of a new coat of paint, and stood aside to let him enter the vestibule. To the left was a locked door that obviously led to his portion of the house. Directly ahead was a scarred wooden staircase to the upper floor, which Molly had rented. The door at the top had a lock, but at the moment it stood wide open. Quinn set down the luggage, dug in his pocket for the keys Phil had given him, and unlocked the inner door.

Phil had described the place as a bare-bones beach house, and he hadn’t lied. The living room and dining area sported an eclectic assortment of functional, if shabby, furniture. The floor was brown vinyl tiles, warped and peeling in the high-traffic areas. Tacky seaside prints adorned the fake-wood paneling. The inside of the place was as dilapidated as the outside, but at least it was reasonably clean, and it was all his, free of charge, for the month of July.

Yep. Thirty-one days to just relax, kick back, and try to decide what he really wanted out of life. An entire month. No work. No urban hustle and bustle. No work. No know-it-all pals spouting unsolicited advice. No work.

If he left now, he could make it back to the city before dinner.

“It’s not that bad,” Molly said, dearly misinterpreting his expression. She shrugged and shifted the crate to the other arm. “Nothing fancy, but at least you don’t have to worry about trashing the place, right?”

There was that luminous smile again, as if she didn’t have a care in the world. Perhaps she didn’t. Perhaps Mellow Molly was as shallow and uncomplicated as first appearances suggested.

“Hey, Quinn, check it out. You’ve got tunes!” She crossed to the ponderous sideboard and set the crate next to a little record player, one of those cheap old portable models built into a pressboard carrying box. Next to it sat a stack of ancient LPs in cardboard sleeves held together with brittle yellowed tape.

Quinn said, “We’ve entered a time warp.”

“Fifties and sixties, it looks like,” she said, flipping through the albums. “Too early for disco, but it’s still great stuff. The Supremes, Chuck Berry, Buddy Holly and the Crickets. Looks like somebody bought a CD player on vacation and abandoned their old friends. How sad. The Jackson Five, James Brown, the Ronettes—‘Be My Baby,’ I love that song. Jerry Lee Lewis, the Shirelles.”

She gazed fondly at an album cover. “Bill Haley and the Comets. I mean, how can you not love a group with a name like that? The Isley Brothers, the Marvelettes. Oh wow! Little Richard!”

Molly tipped out the album, set it on the turntable, and turned on the machine. She positioned the needle on a groove in the vinyl. Static spewed from the tinny, built-in speaker as both Little Richard and Molly awahbahbaloomahed into the opening of “Tutti Frutti.”

As she sang, she performed the twist, gyrating low enough to make the towel gape alarmingly as it rode up her thighs. American Bandstand was never like this. When Little Richard got to the part about the girl named Daisy who almost drove him crazy, Molly let him continue solo.

“Whoo!” She fanned herself with her hand. “You are, like, so lucky, Quinn!” She hefted the crate once more and carried it through an archway into what he could only assume was the kitchen. “I don’t have any music upstairs,” she called out. “Just my trumpet.”

Quinn heard cupboards and drawers open and close, the rattle of flatware and dishes. He headed for the vestibule to get his luggage.

Just her trumpet. Yes, Quinn thought, I am, like, so lucky.

“You’ve got more cooking stuff than I do!” she hollered. “And it’s newer, too. Guess we’ll be eating down here a lot.”

He froze in the process of lifting his bags. We? He entered the living room just as Molly headed down the hallway toward the bedrooms.

“You’re here alone?” she asked.

“Uh, Molly—”

“Me, too. Each level has three bedrooms. You’ll want the one at the end of the hall. It’s the biggest and has its own bathroom. Well, half bath. You’ll have to shower in the hall john.” She let herself into the master bedroom and hurled herself onto the bare double bed. “This is where I’ll be staying.”

He took a moment to find his voice. “Excuse me?”

Molly pointed to the ceiling. “Upstairs. I took the same room. You’ll be sleeping right under me.” She looked at him quickly. “Oh, listen, I hope that didn’t sound, you know, suggestive or anything.”

“No!” he said, trying to sound convincing.

She smiled in relief. “Good. Sometimes I say something and then I think, gosh, could that ever be taken the wrong way!” She bounced vigorously on the bed a few times. “You may have a melon baller, Quinn, but I’ve got better support. My springs squeak like crazy, though.”

She jumped off the bed and headed into the bathroom. With the morbid fascination of a storm watcher tracking a lethal tornado, Quinn moved to the doorway and watched her inspect the half bath, about the size of an airplane lavatory. It featured rust-stained white porcelain and broken hinges on the under-the-sink cabinet.

“Don’t tell me,” he said. “Upstairs you have a marble vanity, a Jacuzzi, and a gold-plated bidet.”

She whirled on him with a delighted grin. “You have a sense of humor!”

Quinn took a deep breath. “Molly, uh, when you said you guessed we’d be eating down here... well, what exactly did you—”

“I meant since it’s just the two of us, you know?” Without warning, she started to squeeze past him through the narrow bathroom doorway. He held his breath and smiled awkwardly and tried to make himself very flat. Her warmth and the scent of her wrapped around him, a blend of coconut oil, the briny sea, and her own elusive feminine essence.

Pressed belly-to-belly with him, she paused and said, “I don’t know about you, but I hate eating alone.”

“I myself don’t mind it,” he croaked.

She shrugged with an agreeable smile and scooted past him. “That’s cool. Let me know if you change your mind.”

He followed her down the hall, unaccountably disappointed that she’d given up so easily.

Which was asinine in the extreme. Not that he was averse to a diverting summer romp, but in this case diverting could turn into disastrous. He and Molly had to share this house for a whole month. Just long enough for a little harmless fun to balloon into some kind of tedious overblown entanglement, complete with tears, tantrums, and recriminations. Fatal Attraction, Cape Cod style.

While Little Richard screeched something unintelligible from the living room, Quinn silently chanted his mantra du jour. No distractions, no distractions.

At the doorway Molly turned. “You will not want to miss the sunset, Quinn. Everyone congregates on the beach to watch the sun sink into the bay. It’s like that whole Key West thing but without the hype, you know?”

“Wait. I thought you said you just got here this morning.”

“I did.”

“So how do you know about the sunset thing?”

“Oh, Phil and I used to stay here whenever we could get away, and we never missed a sunset. This place might not be the height of luxury or anything, but I’m telling you, the location can’t be beat. It’s the last house before the beach, so it’s, like, a thirty-second walk to the water. What?” She eyed Quinn curiously as comprehension whacked him on the noggin.

He said, “You’re Molly!”

“Didn’t I say that?”

“Phil’s Molly.”

“Well, not anymore. But yeah, I’m Molly Lamb. So how do you know Phil? I figured you found this place through the local realtor he uses.”

“I work for him. Worked,” he corrected. “Until two weeks ago.”

“You quit?”

“Uh, no.”

A surprised smile lit her face. “Then we have something in common. He fired me, too!”

“Yeah, I know that.”

“Oh, that’s right, I guess everyone does, huh?”

She could have been talking about the latest summer movie. Did anything get to this woman?

She laid a hand on his arm. “It was so nice meeting you, Quinn. Listen, I just know you’re going to have a fabulous vacation here. It’s like magic, this house! And hey, I’m not kidding about that sunset. Will I see you there?”

He nodded woodenly.

“All right!” A playful slap on his shoulder and she was gone, springing up the stairs.

Quinn locked his door, trudged into the living room, and flopped onto the rump-sprung sofa. Little Richard began hollering his way through “Good Golly Miss Molly.”

It was a big house, but it wasn’t that big. How was Quinn supposed to avoid Phil Owen’s runaway bride for a whole damn month?





 Two


THERE WAS THAT odd pounding again. Molly paused to listen, the silver-plated trumpet poised at her lips. The noise from downstairs stopped. She shrugged and resumed her playing, improvising around her favorite New Orleans jazz riffs.

There it was again! What was Quinn doing down there, heavy construction? The living room floor quaked under her feet.

Molly moved to the top of the stairs and called down, “Quinn!” Belatedly remembering he’d locked his door, she smiled. You could take the boy out of the city...

Horn in hand, she descended the stairs and knocked on his door. She heard movement, sensed him hesitating on the other side. Finally the lock turned and the door eased open a scant few inches. A heavenly aroma drifted out, something spicy with a base of sautéed onions and garlic.

She looked up into those gray-green, heavy-lidded eyes, framed by lush black lashes—and felt the same giddy jolt that had struck her earlier that day when they’d first met. These were the voluptuous eyes of a practiced gigolo, or an imperious sheik with carnal intent and his choice of slave girls. Not some uptight ad exec on holiday.

She chalked it up to one of Mother Nature’s little practical jokes.

“Quinn, what’re you doing to the ceiling? Exterminating termites with a baseball bat?” Through the narrow opening she saw he held something in his hand. A broom. He was pounding on the ceiling! “Oh, wait. Is that about this?” She held up the trumpet.

The door opened fractionally wider and she saw he was barefoot and bare chested, wearing only thin gray sweatpants. His expression was tightly shuttered, revealing the barest whiff of annoyance. He said, “It’s after midnight.”

She leaned on the doorframe. “Yeah, but I heard you moving around down here, so I knew you hadn’t gone to bed. What, was my playing bothering you?”

“It’s a little late to be blasting away on a trumpet, don’t you think?”

“No. Since you ask.” She grinned. “That pounding on the ceiling—that’s such a city thing. Why didn’t you just come up and ask me to stop? If it was bothering you.”

“I didn’t say it was...” He looked away. Pushed his fingers through his short black hair. “You play quite well, actually.”

“Thanks. But if you want me to stop...”

“No. This is stupid.” He glanced at the broom in his hand, clearly chagrined. “I guess it was just...”

“Force of habit?” She smiled.

His mouth quirked. “I guess so.”

“What’re you cooking? It smells outrageous!” She stuck her head in the door, pushing it wider.

“Chili con queso. Hot cheese dip.”

“No kidding!” She squeezed past him and headed into the kitchen, where the concoction—orange melted cheese with specks of red tomato, green jalapeño, and golden onions—bubbled in a cast-iron frying pan. “A sense of humor and he cooks. Marry me, Quinn.”

He said, “I guess there’s enough for two. Can I, uh, get you something to drink?”

“Oh, I’m terrible, aren’t I, barging in here and making myself at home. Beer if you have it.” She opened the refrigerator and perused the contents. “Quinn, I thought you went shopping today.” He’d gone for a drive and returned with sacks from the supermarket.

“I have beer.” He crossed the room, opened a couple of high cupboards, and pulled down a bag of tortilla chips and a heavy stoneware bowl. Molly enjoyed watching him move, with an easy masculine grace she doubted he was aware of.

She’d known Quinn had a nice body even before seeing him half-naked like this. Despite that loose polo shirt he’d worn earlier, her eagle eye had detected firm pecs, a flat belly, and world-class shoulders that she now struggled not to ogle too blatantly. Molly liked shoulders.

“But that’s about all you have,” she said. “Beer. Soda. Bottled water. A quart of milk. What, are you on a liquids-only diet?”

“Look in the freezer.” As he carried the food into the living room, she just made out his muttered “Since you’re taking inventory.”

“Frozen dinners? Quinn, you’ve got a barbecue grill out there on the deck! Didn’t you see it?”

“There’s also a microwave. It’s easier. You gonna come eat this or not?”

“It’s not about easy. It’s about summer. It’s about the Cape. Gosh, it’s not like you don’t know how to cook!”

She opened her beer and joined him in the living room, where she carefully placed her trumpet on the sideboard before flopping onto the end of the sofa and stretching her legs out on the cushions.

She, too, was barefoot, dressed in a white, spaghetti-strap top with a huge sunflower design on the front, and denim cutoffs short enough for the bottoms of the pockets to peek out under the frayed hem. Quinn sat on one of the well-worn easy chairs, his slightly stiff posture at odds with his state of dishabille.

Leaning toward the wooden coffee table, she reached for a chip and scooped up a gob of dip.

“Careful,” he said. “That’s hot.”

She blew on it and popped it in—and applied a therapeutic mouthful of cold beer as the melted cheese scalded the roof of her mouth. When she could speak again, she said, “I’m impatient. Is that a sign of immaturity, do you think? Being unable to delay gratification?”

Quinn appeared to give that some thought as he loosened the cap on his bottle of spring water. “I don’t know you well enough to say. Do you think it’s a sign of immaturity?”

Gosh, she’d been kidding, just trying to make conversation. Sense of humor or no, this was one serious guy.

He continued, “As far as immaturity goes, there are more clear-cut indicators. Like irresponsibility. Failure to live up to one’s commitments.”

He left that hanging there, those gigolo eyes peering at her from under thick, dark brows as he reached for a chip. Then she got it.

Phil. The wedding.

“I know what you must’ve heard,” she said. “What Phil must be saying about me.”

“He didn’t have to say anything. I was there.”

“Where? At the church, you mean?”

He nodded.

“That looked bad, I know,” she said.

“Leaving your groom standing at the altar? What do you think?”

“He wasn’t actually standing at the altar!”

“Close enough. The wedding march was playing, Molly. You never showed.”

“I showed. Is that what he told everyone? That I never even made it to the church?” Molly sat up crossed-legged, all ears, fascinated to learn what Phil was saying about her.

Quinn paused in the act of dipping a chip, as if her eager attentiveness confounded him. “Well, that was the impression. Phil didn’t make the announcement himself, of course. His brother Ron—he was the best man—”

“Nice guy, Ron,” she said. “Heck of a poker player. Tried to teach me to bluff, but I’m not very good at it.”

“Ron stopped the organ music and told all the guests that the wedding was canceled. That the bride had backed out.”

Molly lifted her beer. “Well, that’s true. I did.”

He stared at her. “How can you be so blasé about it?”

“It was four months ago, Quinn. I’m over it.”

“You’re over it!” He sat forward, his face darkening. “What about Phil? The grief you caused him. The humiliation.”

“Do you want to hear my side?”

He sat back. “No.”

“I didn’t think so,” she said pleasantly. “People are comfortable with what they know, you know? Or what they think they know. Why did Phil fire you?”

The abrupt question rendered him momentarily speechless. Gosh, she hadn’t meant to embarrass him. Her and her big mouth!

“I mean, you’re obviously still on good terms with him,” she said. “That’s so important, not to hold a grudge. Too many people, they can’t get past their ego, you know? Especially guys. This chili is fabulous. You’ve got to teach me how to make it.”

“It was purely a business decision,” Quinn said tightly. “It’s not like I was let go for cause or anything. You must know about the merger with Glacken and Ross. Massive reorganization. Unfortunately, I was one of the casualties. Phil felt rotten about it, but it’s not like he had a choice.”

“How long did you work there?”

“Four months.”

“You must’ve joined just after I left. I took off the last couple of weeks before the wedding to get ready, do all the last-minute preparations. It was going to be like this huge fairy-tale production. You should’ve seen my gown—I felt like Cinderella at the ball.”

Until she dragged her train through dirt and gravel, crammed the voluminous ivory silk into the driver’s seat of her sister Toni’s battered, two-tone Honda hatchback, and burned rubber out of the church parking lot. Tears had smeared her vision until she’d finally pulled off the highway and brought up her breakfast in a stand of winter-brown forsythia.

Quinn was looking at her with a strange intensity that made Molly wonder if he sensed the direction of her thoughts. She willed the memory back into its dark little cave. Nothing good came of dwelling on the hurt.

“So,” she said. “You must still be tight with Phil to rent part of his beach house for the month.”

Quinn opened his mouth as if to amend her statement, and hesitated. “Like you said, no point in holding a grudge. You, on the other hand—I must admit, I’m surprised you’d want to stay here, all things considered. And, frankly, just as surprised Phil agreed to it.”

“Well, he knows how much I love this house and the Cape. We spent so much time here, so many long weekends. I just knew this was where I had to come to collect my thoughts, to find myself, you know? It’s like this house was calling to me. It’s worth every penny.”

Quinn looked as if he wanted to ask her something but knew he shouldn’t. He did it anyway. “How much is he charging you?”

“Nine hundred fifty bucks.”

His eyebrows rose. “Sweet deal. He must still have a soft spot for you somewhere, Molly. This place is pretty rundown, but he could get a lot more than nine fifty a month.”

“Oh, that’s per week.” The chili was congealing fast. She troweled a glob onto a chip.

“Wait a minute. Phil’s charging you nine-fifty a week? That’s—that’s thirty-eight hundred for the month!”

“Well, more, really. The month is four and a half weeks. But it’s still a bargain. He usually gets well over a thousand a week.”

“That’s what he told you?”

“Uh-huh. Why? What’s he charging you?”

Quinn lifted his bottle of spring water. Took a long swallow. Set it back down. “No offense, but I don’t like discussing my finances.”

“Just other people’s.” At his sharp look she laughed and hurled a throw pillow at him. “Just kidding! You gotta loosen up, Quinn. You’re on vacation!”

He said, “You were a copy editor for Phil’s firm, right?”

She grunted, “Mm-hmm” around a mouthful of food.

“I take it you haven’t found another position?”

“Job market’s tough. I figure if nothing full-time opens up when I get back, I can always do freelance.” She ran a chip along the inside of the bowl, scraping off the last of the chili.

“But don’t you have expenses, an apartment to pay for?”

“You’re so sweet to be concerned about me. I don’t have anything left in the bank, but thank heaven for plastic. Without that cash advance, I wouldn’t be here this summer.”

“You financed this vacation with a credit card?”

“So?” She drained the last of her beer.

“So with, what, something like twenty-one percent interest added to your costs—”

“You’re very analytical, you know that? Sometimes you have to just put aside all the day-to-day stuff that grinds you down and open yourself up to, well, this.” She spread her arms wide, indicating the beach, the bay, the whole darn gorgeous, curvaceous Cape, from Falmouth to Provincetown.

“Even when you’ll be paying off this for months or years to come, with no money in the bank and no job prospects?”

“I didn’t mean to give you something else to worry about.” She waved off his concerns. “I’ll be fine. Things have a way of working out.”

“What do you mean, something else to worry about? I’m not worried about anything.” Quinn settled deeper into his chair, crossed his ankle over his knee, and sighed gustily. He looked about as relaxed as a novice snake handler.

“Well, you’re out of work, too, right?” she asked.

“Not for long. If I’d stayed home, I’d have the whole job thing wrapped up this week. This wasn’t my idea, coming up here to chill out and all that.” His fingers drummed on his leg.

“Well, whoever’s idea it was, it was a good one. Just you wait and see. The thing is, you have to embrace it, Quinn. Which it doesn’t look like you’re doing. I mean, I thought you were going to watch the sunset with everyone this evening.”

“I did.”

“For, like, a whole two seconds.”

Quinn shrugged. “It’s a sunset. How long can you stand there and watch a thing like that?”

She wagged her finger, smiling. “You’ll get it. One of these days before you go home it’ll sneak up on you and you’ll just get it.” She stood up. “Meanwhile it’s late and you’re out of chili.”

She planted her palms on the small of her back and arched her spine, stretching, groaning lustily as she felt her muscles unkink. Quinn’s fingers stopped drumming. He became very still, though his expression never changed. As she watched him watching her, the tips of Molly’s breasts buzzed, springing to attention under her thin little shirt. He noticed, and for a few breathless moments she felt like one of those slave girls presented for the sheik’s inspection. Turn around. Take this off. Dance for me.

Gosh! Both her big mouth and her imagination were getting a healthy workout tonight!

“Thanks for the chili,” she said, breaking the spell. “And the beer.” She started collecting the remains of their repast.

He leaped out of his chair and grabbed the chip bowl out of her hands. “Leave this. I’ll take care of it.”

“Listen, maybe we could barbecue together tomorrow. I have dogs and chicken, potato salad, the works. Bring a couple of those—” she nodded toward the beer bottle “—and we’re set.”

His features settled into a polite mask. “Thanks for the offer, but I really do prefer to eat alone.”

“Oh.”

“I’m kind of, uh, looking forward to a few weeks of just being on my own.”

“Oh. Right.”

“No obligations. No... distractions.”

Embarrassment prickled like a rash. Here she’d barged her way into this guy’s personal space, eaten his food, drunk his beer—criticized his whole outlook on life, for heaven’s sake!—when all the poor man wanted was to be left alone.

“No problem,” she said, backing toward the door. “Good night.”

“Don’t forget your trumpet.” He handed it to her.

Slowly Molly climbed the stairs, trudged into her living room, and flung herself on the sofa, hugging her horn to her chest.

Thirty-one days. How was she supposed to avoid her uptight housemate with the gigolo eyes and the yummy shoulders for a whole damn month?





 Three


THE BAY WAS plump and placid at high tide, infinitely easier to swim in than the Atlantic Ocean a short distance away right across the Cape. To Quinn’s way of thinking, the only drawback to being on the bay side was the distinctive aroma at low tide, but after the first day or two, he no longer noticed it.

He’d been doing the crawl for about forty-five minutes and could feel it in his shoulders. If this were a pool, he’d be able to calculate distance. As it was, he could only guess, which was mildly irksome.

He changed direction and headed for shore. If his buddies could read his thoughts right now, they’d write him off as hopelessly rigid. Or analytical—wasn’t that how Molly had put it? According to his laid-back housemate and his pals back home, he was supposed to be using this time to relax, to find his inner beach bum or some such garbage.

Meanwhile he was itching to get back to the city and set the job-hunting wheels in motion. One thing he’d never been good at was wasting time.

Quinn waded onto the hot sand and headed for his towel, where he’d left his keys, sunglasses, and flip-flops. With the house so near the beach, there was no need to bring more. Molly was right. It was a phenomenal location.

Today only a few wisps of cloud scudded across the azure sky and the temperature was a comfortable mid-eighties. The strip of beach was narrow, backed by a clifflike dune, and he shared it with a couple of dozen other folks, mainly couples and families with young children.

He toweled off, slipped on his shades, and made his way down the beach and up a gentle incline to the tiny parking lot where an ice-cream truck now sat, surrounded by sand-encrusted kids waving dollar bills. He dropped the flip-flops and slipped them on, having learned his first day there what happened when the tender soles of one’s feet met black asphalt that had been baking in the sun for a few hours.

Quinn crossed the little parking lot, nodding politely to the attendant sitting on a lawn chair, dutifully collecting five bucks from those not fortunate enough to live within walking distance. The house was right there on the left, and as always, Quinn scanned the grounds and the second-floor deck for signs of Molly.

As requested, she’d left him alone during the past week, though she was unfailingly cheerful and animated whenever their paths crossed. He hadn’t enjoyed telling her to keep her distance. He knew he’d embarrassed her, but he also knew that a preemptive strike would be the least painful in the long run. For both of them.

Quinn was honest enough with himself to admit he was physically attracted to Molly Lamb—to a garrulous, relentlessly cheerful, unrepentant heartbreaker. This was, after all, the woman who’d bolted from her wedding four months earlier, making a fool out of one of the most powerful men in the advertising business.

Quinn had seen her on the beach every day, of course, dog-paddling around the bay, soaking up the rays in her sexy little swimsuits, chatting with the other beachgoers. While he himself hadn’t exchanged two words with any of the people he saw there day after day, Molly had apparently become fast friends with each and every one of them. Her treks down the beach took forever. With all that glad-handing and baby kissing, one would think she was running for office.

She exchanged snacks with these people, kept an eye on their kids, and just that morning had even let some guy in a blond ponytail and lime-green banana hammock rub sunscreen on her!

Molly’s innate friendliness and too-trusting nature were going to get her into trouble one of these days. Quinn found himself keeping an eye on her—for her own good. He’d tried to reconcile her ingenuous charm with her horrendous treatment of Phil Owen, and came up empty. Then again, you never knew what lay beneath the surface until you really got to know someone. Undoubtedly Phil was better off without her.

Charging her that exorbitant rent had to have been some kind of vindictive parting shot. True, the house was in a great location, but Phil had let it go to hell. The decks were rotting through in places, half the windows and sliding doors wouldn’t budge, the plumbing was unreliable, the tile floors were buckling, the yard was overrun with poison ivy, and some of the weathered cedar shakes needed to be replaced. And that yard-sale furniture! Phil could do a lot better for a minimal investment. Quinn couldn’t believe his paying tenants didn’t complain.

He also couldn’t believe anyone else paid what Phil was charging Molly. Given the house’s present condition, Quinn doubted Phil could get more than seven hundred a week for each apartment at the peak of tourist season—eight hundred, tops.

This petty act of revenge lowered Quinn’s opinion of his former boss. What kind of man would take such blatant advantage of his broke and ridiculously gullible ex-fiancée? Meanwhile he’d given Quinn, who could easily afford to buy the place outright, a free ride. Quinn had seen no point in letting Molly know that. He had no desire to get in the middle of something messy.

He cut across the street and front yard to the deck, where he flung his damp towel over a ratty lawn chair. The outdoor shower was located in back of the house at the far end of the wraparound deck, out of sight of the street. Quinn hadn’t actually seen Molly use it since that first day, but he’d heard the water go on a couple of times when he was inside. He’d heard her belting out Donna Summers’s “Last Dance” and the Bee Gees’ “Staying Alive.” For a guy with an admittedly feeble imagination, he’d had no trouble picturing her in painstaking detail, soaping up, rinsing off, dancing her little heart out.

He shuffled out of his flip-flops and bent to toss them onto the deck when a tinny brrring-brrring brought his head up. A bicycle bell. Molly was approaching the house on her rented bike. Two overstuffed plastic grocery sacks were crammed into the wire basket, with two more bags hanging off the handlebars. Another full sack dangled from her forearm. Her hair was secured in a long, thick braid that snaked out from under a bright blue bike helmet.

She spied him and raised her free arm to wave just as she turned off the road onto the crushed-shell driveway. The bike wobbled violently and she grabbed the handlebar, too late. The tires skidded out from under her, sending her sprawling into the shell shards as bags split and groceries tumbled out around her.

Quinn reached her before the wheels stopped spinning. “Don’t move,” he said. “Just stay there.” She lay on her side looking a little dazed. Thank goodness for the helmet. He tossed the bike aside and quickly checked for broken bones, grateful when he didn’t find any. Still, her skimpy yellow tank top and cutoffs had provided scant protection and she was badly scraped up.

“Wow,” she breathed, reaching for the helmet straps, fumbling with the release catch, her fingers trembling. He brushed her hands away and gently removed the helmet. She struggled up onto her elbow, wincing, and he helped her to sit.

She looked at the broken eggs scattered about, the leaking milk container and crushed grapes. “My groceries.”

“What were you thinking, carrying all that stuff on a bike?”

She gazed up at him with a look of such heartbreaking vulnerability that he felt instantly ashamed. “Never mind,” he said, carefully brushing shell gravel from her abraded chin. “It’s okay. Let’s get you cleaned up. Think you can walk?”

“My groceries...” She stared at her scraped-up left knee, which was beginning to ooze blood in earnest, as were her chin, shoulder, and elbow.

“I’ll get your groceries, don’t worry. First let’s get you into the house.”

He fished his keys from the pocket of his board shorts and unlocked the doors, then came back and scooped her into his arms. She opened her mouth as if to protest, but then relaxed against his bare chest.

Quinn felt something rip loose inside—an unaccustomed surge of protectiveness, as foreign and frightening as it was exhilarating. In his nearly thirty years on the planet, he’d never been responsible for anyone but himself.

He settled her in his arms and carried her into the house, past the living room with its scratchy sofa to the relative comfort of his bedroom. On the way he lowered his head a fraction, teasing his lips with the gossamer-fine wisps of hair that had escaped her braid. He inhaled the fragrance of sun and shampoo and the clean, humid warmth of her exertions. He’d thought her hair was brown, but now he saw it was shot through with golden strands.

Carefully he set her on the double bed, stacking the pillows behind her so she could recline comfortably. She looked at the crisply tucked bedcovers, the soft cotton blanket stretched tight and smooth beneath her. “You make your bed?”

“So?”

“So who’s going to see it?”

“Today? You.”

That earned a weak smile. “I’m going to get blood on your nice clean blanket, Quinn.”

“Let me worry about my blanket. I have a first-aid kit in the car. Sit tight.”

Quinn went outside and retrieved the kit from the trunk of his Mercedes. On the way back he grabbed Molly’s groceries, as well, at least those that could be salvaged. No point in giving the seagulls too extravagant a feast.

When he reentered the bedroom she looked a little pale, leaning on her right side, taking care not to let her messy abrasions come into contact with his blanket.

“Will you relax?” He sat next to her on the bed and urged her onto her back. “You know, you’re really uptight, Molly. You should do something about that. Take a vacation or something.”

He wondered if he’d ever seen anything as bewitching as her smirky little smile, knowing he’d put it there. Quinn opened the compact first aid kit and pawed through the various sealed packets. “Let’s see... alcohol cleansing pads. I don’t think so.”

She leaned toward him to look. “What else do you have in there?”

“Iodine infection-control pads.”

She wrinkled her nose. “Iodine? Doesn’t that sting?”

He hated to break the news to her, but no matter what they used to clean those scrapes, it was bound to be a real attention getter. “Here we go.” He lifted out a handful of packets. “Antiseptic cleansing wipes.”

“That sounds promising.”

Quinn tore open a packet and looked her over, trying to decide where to start. She tipped her head, indicating her chin. He unfolded the saturated wipe and touched it to the raw red abrasion.

She screamed and jumped back, slamming her skull into the wooden headboard.

“Okay.” He grasped her forearm. “Okay, I know, but we have to clean these places. You know that, Molly. They’ll get infected otherwise.”

She squeezed her eyes shut and muttered a lot of words he wouldn’t have thought she knew. Not Mellow Molly. He almost smiled.

“Okay. Ready?” he asked.

She nodded. Gingerly he started cleaning her chin. She sucked in her breath and tensed, but didn’t move.

“Next customer.” Quinn eased the narrow strap of her tank top down over her scraped shoulder, knowing he wouldn’t find a bra strap under it. In seven days of conscientious observation he had yet to detect a bra on Molly. She probably didn’t own one. He opened another packet and applied it to the bloody open skin of her shoulder. A groan squeezed past her clamped jaw.

Distract her, he commanded himself. Before he could think of something to say, she asked, “How’s the bike? I don’t want to lose my deposit.”

“You won’t. I’ll put the chain back on, realign the handlebars. No one’ll notice another scratch or two.”

Molly didn’t own a car. Someone had given her a ride to the Cape and she’d rented the bicycle for local transportation.

He said, “I didn’t know you were going grocery shopping with that thing. Why didn’t you ask me for a lift?”

The instant the words were out of his mouth, he wanted to lop off his tongue. Molly avoided his eyes. They both knew the answer to that one. No obligations, no distractions.

“What I mean is, I have to go myself, anyway, right?” he said. “No reason you can’t tag along. I’ll, uh, tell you next time I’m going to the supermarket.”

He moved on to her abraded elbow. She looked away and, after an initial flinch, sat still and let him clean it. He admired her control. This had to hurt like hell.

“It’s okay, Quinn,” she said. “You don’t have to take me shopping. I know you value your privacy. I do fine on the bike, I just got kind of carried away and tried to schlepp too much stuff home.”

He fumbled for a response but came up empty. How could anyone be so damn easygoing? She ought to hate his guts for giving her the cold shoulder, for treating her friendly overtures like the onslaught of the Mongol hordes. Anyone else would have told him to take a flying leap the very first day, but not Molly.

Suddenly he knew why Phil had been attracted to her. Here was a woman he could lord it over, a woman who wouldn’t challenge him or try to call the shots. He probably found her appealingly spineless.

Which wasn’t a fair assessment of Molly. Quinn didn’t think of her as spineless so much as serene. There was something to be said for not letting things get to you. He wondered how she’d react in a crisis.

And what did his analysis say about Phil? Or rather, about his opinion of Phil? He’d be kidding himself if he said he actually liked the guy, and Quinn wasn’t one to kid himself. But he didn’t have to be pals with a man to respect him in business, to admire him even.

The bottom line was, something told Quinn that his former boss would appreciate a woman like Molly. More perplexing was what she’d seen in Phil.

Quinn wanted to ask her but didn’t dare. How could he demand that his housemate respect his privacy if he didn’t respect hers?

She asked, “Did my chicken cutlets survive?”

“Afraid not. The package split open. You lost the coleslaw, too. The hot dogs are okay, though. And the potato chip bag is flat but intact. Diet chips—you can eat just as many, but you won’t get fat because they are now very, very tiny.”

She watched him open one last packet to clean her knee, but again she averted her eyes just before he got down to business. He found that endearing somehow.

“I’m not up to barbecuing tonight anyway,” she said. “I think I’ll just open a can of tuna.”

Carefully Quinn dabbed the blood from her knee, chagrined at the internal battle he was waging. A battle between good common sense and... what? He didn’t think he wanted to know. In the end the what won out.

“Well, if you don’t mind lobster, you’re welcome to eat down here,” he said, his eyes still on his task. “With me.”

She stared at him for long, agonizing moments. “Quinn, I know you don’t want—”

“Just say yes, damn it!” He felt his face heat. “It’s not like I’m some damn hermit.”

Her lips twitched. To her credit she refrained from saying something like Well, yeah, Quinn, it is like you’re some damn hermit.

Instead she said, “Real lobster?”

“The fake ones are hell on the nutcrackers.”

“I haven’t had lobster in so long! Those chicken cutlets were my big splurge for the week.”

“You can’t leave the Cape without eating a lobster, Molly. There’s some law on the books about it if I’m not mistaken.” He retrieved gauze pads, antibiotic ointment, and a roll of adhesive tape from the first-aid kit, uncomfortable with the sudden realization that if Molly didn’t say yes, he wouldn’t bother getting a lobster just for himself.

“What did I tell you?” she said, with a knowing look. “It’s happening already. You’re beginning to get it.”

“Get what? You mean the whole beach-bumming, sunset-watching, bike-riding, lobster-sucking Cape Cod thing?”

“Exactly.”

He peeled the paper wrapper from a gauze pad, squirted ointment on it, and gently placed it on the scraped-up side of her chin. “Hold that for me.” She did and he taped it in position. “You know, you’re pretty cocky for someone angling for a free crustacean.”

“With corn on the cob.”

“Now she wants corn on the cob!” He unwrapped another piece of gauze.

“And steamers. A whole bucketful. You like clams?”

“No, but something tells me I won’t want to miss a chance to watch you eat them.”

“Lobster!” Molly squealed gleefully and bounced on the bed, derailing his attempt to bandage her elbow. She gave his thigh a brisk pat. “And after, we watch the sunset. The whole sunset.”





 Four


“I TELL YOU, I don’t see any damn swan.” Quinn frowned up at the moonless heavens.

“You’re trying too hard. Use your imagination.”

“I don’t have one.”

Molly leaned on the second-floor deck railing next to Quinn, close enough to detect his warmth even through the sweatshirt she’d thrown over her tank top. A long-sleeved T-shirt was his only concession to the brisk evening breeze that carried the scents of the bay and the field of tall grasses that stretched between the house and the beach.

They stood at the front end of the deck. The weathered boards were rough on the bare soles of Molly’s feet. They’d turned off all the lights indoors, the better to see the stars. Overhead the night sky unfurled in all its majesty and mystery.

She said, “Don’t try to focus on the image, just let it kind of gel, you know?”

“Oh, that helps.”

She smiled at his sarcastic tone. “Okay, you see the Milky Way, right?”

“Sure.” He swept his left arm in a long arc, tracing the paler swath of indigo.

“Well, right in the middle of the Milky Way, right up there—” she pointed “—is Deneb, a blue supergiant, the brightest star in the constellation Cygnus. Latin for ‘swan.’”

“Okay, I’ve got Deneb.”

“Follow it straight down to the next star. And then out to both sides for the wings. And straight down for the body.”

While he stared up at the sky, she stared at him, his profile strangely elegant and compelling by starlight. She wondered if he had the remotest inkling of his own raw physical appeal, and decided he probably didn’t.

She’d been unprepared for the divergent feelings that had assailed her earlier when he’d carried her into his bedroom, nestled against his broad bare chest. There’d been the liberating, almost childlike sensation of surrendering yourself into the hands of another, knowing you’ll be cared for, protected—and at the same time, the ever-present, almost exhausting awareness of him. Of smooth, sinewy, sun-gilded flesh. Of a deep, well-modulated voice custom-made for that surprising dry sense of humor. And the eyes... those dangerous eyes you couldn’t look into for long because they were like rare cognac or the finest sweet liqueur, enticing you to overindulge even as you feel your little brain cells popping one by one.

Molly took a deep, slow breath and forced her gaze back to the constellation. Don’t even think it, she cautioned herself. He’s not interested. And even if he were, the last thing she needed was another stuffy ad executive with a hidden agenda.

Okay, that wasn’t fair. She didn’t really know Quinn, after all. Didn’t know about his agenda, hidden or otherwise, except that he was clearly a hard-driven workaholic, cast from the same mold as Phil Owen. Perhaps this was some sort of fatal attraction she was doomed to repeat over and over. Carefree copy editor meets anal-retentive ad man. Sparks fly.

Hearts break.

“Give me a hint,” Quinn groused. “What’s this swan doing?” He rubbed the back of his neck.

“Doing? Oh. It’s flying.” She turned and spread her arms in demonstration. “It’s a swan in flight.”

Squinting up at the dome of stars, he started to shake his head, and froze. He blinked. “I see it. I think I see it!”

He spread his arms, too, and Molly thought how absurd the two of them must look, if anyone could see them, standing on the deck readying for takeoff. She placed a friendly hand on Quinn’s back and felt the landscape of muscles shift under her palm as he lowered his arms.

“And you say you don’t have an imagination,” she chided.

“Oh, sometimes I do.”

His silky little smile steered her own overactive imagination into treacherous waters. She dropped her hand. “What’s your sign?”

“What, my zodiac sign? Don’t tell me you’re into all that.”

“I like to keep an open mind,” she said, “but that’s not why I asked. Maybe we can find your constellation.”

“It’s Cancer.”

“Cancer. The Crab. Hey, your birthday’s around now! When is it? Did it pass yet?”

He grinned.

“Not telling, huh? Well, I always enjoy a challenge.” She looked up. “Unfortunately, we can’t see the Crab in the summer. Have to wait until the fall and winter. I’m Taurus. We can’t see the Bull tonight either.”

He cocked his head. “The Bull, huh?”

She leaned back against the railing, not meeting his eyes. “I know what you’re thinking. It fits. The way I bulled my way uninvited into your, you know, personal space and all.”

After a moment he said quietly, “I don’t think of it that way.”

Why had she brought this up? “You’re sweet to say so, Quinn, but it’s all right. I know my personality can be a bit... overwhelming.”

He braced his palm on the railing right next to her. “Now, see, I wouldn’t have put it like that. I would’ve said friendly. Openhearted.”

A lopsided smile sprang to her lips despite her chagrin. “Openhearted. I like that one.”

Was it her imagination or did he edge closer? His scrumptious masculine scent invaded her nostrils, making her a little dizzy. “Outgoing yet serene,” he continued. “Unflappable. Imperturbable.”

“You can stop now.”

“Insouciant.”

“What?”

He laughed, the sound rich and warm and wonderfully spontaneous, and she realized it was the first time she’d heard him laugh. She was more than a little pleased to be the cause of it, even if he was having fun at her expense.

She said, “I’ve never been accused of insouciance before,” and punched his chest in mock annoyance. He seized her wrist, surprising her with his speed and the leashed power she sensed beneath his gentle grip. His smile spread, his teeth gleaming in the dark, and now he was right there, standing over her, his breath stirring her hair, and she couldn’t breathe, couldn’t think because his nearness was crowding every blessed thought out of her head.

“You know, that was fun,” he murmured, “watching you eat those steamers.”

“I, um...” She cleared her throat. “I know I was a little messy.”

“Now, see, I would’ve said provocative.” His thumb traced circles on the inside of her wrist, and she shivered.

A nervous chuckle escaped her. “You say tomato, I say tomahto.”

Slowly he brought her wrist up and pressed his lips to it, to the tender, tingling skin he’d just stroked. The stunning sensation rocketed along every nerve in her body. Molly gripped the railing hard with her other hand.

He said, “Thank you for letting me watch you eat steamers. Thank you for making me watch the sunset. Thank you for showing me the swan.”

Her voice was a ragged whisper. “Thank you for fixing my boo-boos and buying me a two-pound lobster.”

His black hair blended into the shadows, making his star-dusted face appear to float above her. “My pleasure,” he said, and as she watched, his smile gradually faded. She sensed his natural reserve reasserting itself.

He’s remembering, she thought. Remembering who I am and what I did. Remembering how it felt to sit in a church pew waiting for a wedding that wasn’t meant to be.

He dropped her hand and stepped away.

Molly couldn’t bear to hear him say it, so she said it herself. “It’s getting late. I guess it’s time to say good-night.”

*

SHE’S BAKING, Quinn thought, closing the front door behind him and unlocking his part of the house. As always, the door at the top of the stairs stood wide open and the ambrosial scent of something hot and sweet curled down the stairwell and tweaked his salivary glands.

It was close to nine, nearly dark, and he’d just returned from an excursion into town to pick up a couple of magazines and a quart of butter pecan ice cream. He’d had little interaction with Molly during the five days since he’d fed her lobster and discovered a swan in the heavens, but neither had he gone to great lengths to avoid her as he had those first few days. Nevertheless, while his initial standoffishness had softened somewhat, a barrier stood between them, as insurmountable as the Berlin Wall before German unification

This lady’s past history spoke for itself. No amount of sugarcoating was going to put a palatable spin on what she’d done to Phil. The man under whose roof Quinn now dwelled. The man who boasted tremendous influence in Quinn’s chosen profession.

Quinn had accepted Phil’s offer of the house in part as a goodwill gesture, ever mindful of the folly of burning one’s bridges. One never knew when someone from one’s past might be in a position to help, or hinder, one’s career. In Quinn’s weaker moments, when he allowed himself to envision a sexy summer romp with his ex-boss’s tantalizing ex-fiancée, images of a long vine-and-bamboo footbridge leaped to mind, awash in flames, breaking up in great blazing chunks and dropping into the fathomless depths of a mist-shrouded gorge far, far below.

One thing he’d say for Molly, she’d given his long-dormant imagination a good kick in the butt.

He knew she sensed his continued aloofness. He saw it in the way she waited for him to initiate a conversation, and how quick she was to end one, as if careful not to overstay her welcome. A few days earlier he’d been relieved when she’d respected his desire to be left alone. Now all he felt was a sharp jab of shame.

Quinn had made his opinion of Molly excruciatingly clear. He’d condemned her actions—and by extension, her character—to her face. His lingering reticence had to be painfully eloquent in her eyes.

It’s not just that, he wanted to tell her. It’s my career, it’s that bamboo footbridge I’ve spent eight long years building. I can’t jeopardize all that by...

By what? By being civil to her? There was a world of difference between treating someone like a pariah and asking her to have your baby. Maybe he ought to try for a middle ground.

Maybe he should have done that from the beginning.

Quinn made a beeline for the kitchen, tossing the magazines on the coffee table without breaking stride. He set the sack from the ice cream shop on the counter and jumped at the sound of a knock at his door.

It could only be one person.

She stood in his doorway wearing an incandescent smile and a short India-print sundress with skinny little shoulder straps. The scrapes from her bicycle accident had scabbed over nicely but still looked like something out of a horror film. It took him a moment to register what she held in her hands.

“Happy birthday!” she shouted.

It walloped him like a two-by-four and all he could do was stand there staring stupidly at the chocolate birthday cake. Melting wax dripped down lit candles shaped like the numbers 3 and 0.

After a few moments Molly’s smile began to falter. Quinn swallowed hard. He tried to force this remarkable event into some compartment of his brain that would recognize it. Categorize it.

It refused to fit.

“Um, can I come in?” she asked. “I just wanted to, you know, drop this off.”

“You made me a cake.” Was that his voice, so flat? “Why did you do this?”

Quinn watched dismay chase the last vestiges of her smile, jerking him out of his stupor at last.

“I mean—” His voice cracked. “Molly. No one’s ever made me a birthday cake.” Even his mother used to order them from the bakery.

He stared into her blue-violet eyes and she stared back, and something arced between them that stung his eyes and closed his throat, and damn it, he had to pull himself together fast.

With a gentle smile she said, “Then it’s about time, isn’t it?” and he knew she saw it all, saw his struggle and his raw open soul, saw the wonder and bafflement he couldn’t hide, and it was okay.

This was Molly and it was okay.

He exhaled a fierce breath as if he’d run a race. He smiled and reached for the cake plate, knowing his hands trembled and not really caring if she noticed. “Wow. This is so... Is that a circus train?”

The cake was a bit lopsided, slathered in chocolate butter cream. A jittery Happy Birthday Quinn had been lovingly executed in yellow icing by someone presumably in the throes of the DT’s. The candles were burning low and listing in opposite directions. And along the perimeter was a tiny, colorful candy train, complete with cagelike boxcars occupied by grinning circus animals.

Molly adjusted the caboose. “Yes, it is. They had a limited selection at the Pay and Weep,” she said, referring to the local convenience store, Park and Shop. “It was either this or clowns.”

“Thank you. A choo-choo train is much more dignified.”

“Blow out the candles. Oh! Make a wish first!”

He felt an absurd kind of panic for an instant. What should he wish for? Then he smiled at his idiocy and closed his eyes and made a wish. A modest wish as birthday wishes went, with no dollar signs attached. He blew out the candles.

She fiddled with her hair. “It’s not from scratch. I used, you know, a mix.”

“It’s perfect, Molly. I smelled it coming in and wondered what you were baking.”

“I’m not very artistic.” She gestured to the wobbly words inscribed on the cake. “The writing—”

“I love the writing. I love the whole thing.” He stepped back to allow her to enter. “Listen, come in. Let me get a couple of plates.”

She took a few tentative steps inside as he carried the cake into the kitchen. She said, “I really only meant to drop it off. You don’t have to—”

“I have ice cream, too,” he called. “Butter pecan. This is shaping up to be a regular birthday party. Did you pick up any of those little Cone Head hats?”

She appeared in the arched entrance to the kitchen, looking more beautiful than he’d ever seen her, with her long, sun-streaked hair loose around her bare shoulders and wearing a tender, almost shy little smile. She shook her head at his question.

He dragged two small plates out of a cupboard. “Noisemakers?”

She shook her head again, her smile growing.

He sighed in mock disappointment. “I don’t know, Molly. What kind of a party are we talking about here? No noisemakers. No Pin the Tail on the Donkey.” He drew the carton of ice cream out of the bag and pried off the lid.

Grinning now, Molly leaned her shoulder against the archway. Her folded arms pushed up her breasts just enough to make spectacular things happen in the V neck of her dress.

Quinn had seen her stark naked, so why did the sight of a little cleavage suddenly turn him stupid? He strained to recall what he’d been doing. Forks. Right. Spoons, bowls, napkins.

“Coffee?” he asked.

“Too late for me. Do you have decaf?”

“Sorry, just high-test.”

“Aren’t you afraid it’ll keep you up all night?”

In his current frame of mind, being “up” all night was not an entirely unwelcome prospect. Not if his housemate was somewhere in the equation.

“Never bothers me,” he said, “but I won’t brew a pot if it’s just for me. Why don’t you cut the cake while I put on some party music.”

“I vote for the Supremes.”

A few minutes later he was tucking into the huge slab of cake Molly had served him. They sat across from each other at the plastic-draped dining table listening to Diana Ross and company warn them to stop! in the name of love. “So I give up,” he said. “How did you find out it’s my birthday?”

“I called Cindy at the agency.”

“Cindy? Oh, the office manager.”

“She checked your personnel file and gave me your date of birth. Thirty! That’s a very important milestone, Quinn. It deserves to be celebrated.”

He thought about that. “If anything deserves to be celebrated, it’s the fact that I attained the goals I set for myself—the things I wanted to accomplish by age thirty.” He grimaced. “My current employment status notwithstanding.”

“So by goals, you mean career goals.”

He shrugged. “You achieve those, the rest falls into place.”

“The rest being...”

“You have to ask? Money. Filthy lucre. And all the stuff it gets you.”

“That’s the material side,” she said. “What about personal goals?”

“It’s all related. When you’ve achieved a certain status in your chosen profession, the rest follows, like I said. Including the respect and esteem of others.”

Molly licked her ice cream spoon clean. “So... the higher your professional status, the more money you make, the more friends you have?”

He said, “You have ice cream on your nose,” and watched her impish smile disappear as she glanced at her nose cross-eyed. Her tongue flicked out in a futile attempt to lick off the ice cream, and Quinn’s body responded as though she’d found the on-off switch.

Shrugging good-naturedly, she resorted to the prosaic solution of a paper napkin, but the damage had been done. The image of that supple pink tongue straining with single-minded intent had found a permanent home in the brain wrinkle occupied by tenacious commercial jingles and Embarrassing Moments. He’d carry it to the grave.

Quinn pushed away his plate and leaned back in his chair. “I’m going to ask you something,” he said, pretty certain he’d regret it.

Then again, maybe not. This wasn’t the shallow, uncomplicated Molly he thought he’d met nearly two weeks earlier. This wasn’t the heartless Molly whom Phil had described to him in unloving detail. That woman wouldn’t have shrugged off Quinn’s insulting brush-offs day after day. She wouldn’t have given him a tour of the night sky with saintlike patience. She certainly wouldn’t have gone to the trouble of ferreting out his birthday and making him a cake.

She’d made him a cake. He still couldn’t get over it. The bigness of her heart and her unreserved joie de vivre left him in awe.

She propped her elbows on the table, then rested her chin on her laced fingers, waiting.

He asked, “Why did you walk out on your wedding?”





 Five


SHE JUST STARED at him for the longest time, and he braced himself for anything from tears to hilarity. Finally she sat up, dropped her hands into her lap, and smiled wanly. “When I tell you, you might still see things Phil’s way. It’s not exactly a black-and-white issue.”

“Not much in life is. What happened? You were at the church,” he prompted. “In your Cinderella gown.”

She took a deep breath. “I was waiting in the room set aside for the bride. Nervous, you know. Happy but nervous. Like all brides, I guess. My sister Toni was with me. She was my matron of honor. It was time for the wedding to start and Phil knocked on the door. I didn’t want him to, you know, see the dress beforehand, but he said it was important and he came in with his brother Ron and this friend of his, Jim.”

“What did he want?”

“A last-minute detail, he said, something that had to be taken care of before we could get married. He handed me this document to sign. It was a contract, all legal. He didn’t use the words ‘prenuptial agreement,’ he called it an ‘understanding.’”

“Wait a minute.” Quinn sat up straight. “He presents you with a prenup right when you’re about to walk down the aisle?”

She nodded. “He said it was his lawyer’s idea, that if it was up to him, he wouldn’t bother, but his lawyer was real insistent. Ron and Jim were there to witness our signatures. I asked Phil why he hadn’t shown this to me before. He said there were these unavoidable delays and his lawyer had just given him the paperwork that morning right there at the church. I didn’t know what to make of this story, so I turned to his brother.”

“The guy who taught you to bluff in poker.”

“Right. Ron was my friend. A decent guy. Anyway, I know what his poker face looks like and I saw it then. I saw him making this heroic effort to support his brother. But as I stared at him, really made him look me in the eye, he gave it up and kind of looked away, ashamed. That’s when—”

Her voice broke, and a jolt of alarm shot through Quinn. He’d never seen her anything but unflappable.

She said hoarsely, “That’s when I knew Phil was lying. Shoving that contract in my face at the very last minute was a calculated tactic. He thought I’d cave in and sign it. I mean, the church was packed, I could hear the guests in the sanctuary, the organ music. We had this whole huge reception planned and paid for, honeymoon reservations, the works.” Molly’s lower lip trembled, though her words were spoken calmly.

Gently Quinn asked, “What did you do?”

“I told Phil I couldn’t possibly sign a contract like that without having a lawyer look at it. And no, I didn’t happen to have one there at the church like he did. He said there was no time, it had to be signed before we could get married.”

“What were the terms of the contract?” As if he couldn’t guess.

“It was totally in his favor—big surprise. If we divorced, even if it was after something like forty years, I’d walk away only with whatever I brought into the marriage. Which is, like, my toothbrush, right? I wouldn’t have been entitled to any assets accumulated during the marriage since he was going to be the breadwinner.”

“You weren’t going to work, then?”

“Not outside the home. Phil and I wanted to start a family right away, and we both agreed I should stay home and raise the kids, manage the house and all that—which, let me tell you, is just as important a contribution to the family unit as his income. But if we divorced, under his contract my years of hard work would count for nothing.”

“No lawyer would let you sign a one-sided contract like that, Molly.”

“Phil got kind of nasty when I balked. I guess he thought I’d knuckle under right away. I mean, I know I’m easygoing, but let’s get real!”

Quinn chewed back a grin. He’d wondered how Molly would react in a crisis. It appeared he’d just found out.

She said, “That’s when he dropped all the pretense and said sign it now or the wedding’s off.”

“And you walked.” Admiration for Molly swelled within him like a balloon.

“I asked Toni for the keys to her car, asked her to stay and explain the whole thing to Mom and Dad. Then I just turned around and walked out the back way, head held high and all that.” She added proudly, “He never saw me shed a tear.”

Which didn’t mean there hadn’t been plenty of them, Quinn guessed, watching her blink back the glaze of moisture in her eyes. He was beginning to realize Phil’s treachery affected her more deeply than she wanted to let on, even to herself. At the same time Quinn marveled at the inner strength and self-respect that had allowed her to stand up to the son of a bitch.

Just chock-full of surprises, his Mellow Molly.

“Why did you say that,” he asked, “about how I might still see things Phil’s way once I heard your story? I’m not sure how to take that.”

“I only meant, you know, since the two of you have so much in common.” She brought the candy locomotive to her mouth and sucked off the frosting that clung to it.

“Wait a minute.” Quinn made a time-out T with his hands. “We have so much in common? Me and that... that...”

“No offense,” she said.

“No offense! Would you care to elaborate?”

Molly obligingly ticked off the similarities on her fingers. “You’re both in advertising. Both go-getters. Successful. Ambitious. Material interests are everything.” She started on her other hand. “Nothing stands in the way of your goals. Personal relationships are an extension of your professional life. Dark hair. German car. Swell shoulders.” She wiggled her ten fingers. “My calculator’s run out of batteries. Oh yeah, you wear the same vacation uniform. Polo shirts and khakis. Very dress-down Friday.”

“Well, that’s—that’s just great!” Quinn sputtered.

“Do you disagree with any of that?” She reached across the table to paw through the debris on his plate. “Where’s the caboose? Did you eat it?”

“Can you stick to one subject at a time? No, I don’t disagree with your comparison as far as it goes, but there’s a lot more to me than material interests and... and...” Swell shoulders. “My Mercedes. I’d never do to any woman what Phil did to you.”

“Oh, I know that, Quinn. Gosh. I don’t think you guys are clones or anything.”

“Well, all right.”

“You’d give your bride plenty of time to look over the prenup.”

He would? Was he the kind of guy to insist on a prenuptial agreement if he married a woman of significantly lesser means? Molly seemed to think so. The hell of it was, she was probably right. Even so, Quinn would never try to cheat his intended out of her fair share of the marital assets.

Phil had freely invited Quinn to spend an entire month under the same roof with his wronged ex-fiancée. Hadn’t he been concerned that they’d talk about him, that Quinn would learn what Phil had done to her?

Probably not. Phil only knew him from the agency, after all, where Quinn’s demeanor had been all business. No doubt Phil assumed that the hard-boiled corporate persona was an accurate reflection of the private man—which, in the case of Phil himself, was obviously true. Then, too, having regaled Quinn with horror tales of his unprincipled ex, Phil must have counted on him giving Molly a wide berth.

Which he had indeed made every attempt to do. Quinn wasn’t proud of that.

He asked, “Phil’s got swell shoulders?”

“Yours are sweller.”

“Thank you.”

“His BMW’s bigger, though. More horsepower. More leather.”

“Well, Phil and I might be two peas in a damn pod,” Quinn said, “but just for the record, I’m appalled by the stunt he tried to pull on you. I can’t believe you aren’t bitter. I mean out-for-blood, hell-hath-no-fury bitter. Do you have any idea what Phil’s been saying about you, the vicious office gossip?”

“I can imagine. It’s not important. No one with half a brain and even the tiniest scrap of sensitivity would take Phil’s version of events at face value.”

Quinn tried not to squirm. Wasn’t that precisely what he’d done? And he hadn’t even shown Molly the courtesy of listening to her explanation back when she’d first tried to give it.

His thoughts must have been evident. She reached across the table and squeezed his hand. “I didn’t mean you, Quinn. You didn’t know me then.”

He shook his head in wonder. “You’re too good, you know that? Too understanding, too... sweet. If it had been me, if someone had done to me what Phil did to you, I’d take out a full-page ad in the New York Times and share it with the world. No, I’ve got it. An open letter in Advertising Today!”

She laughed. “Remind me never to cross you.”

“How can you not hold a grudge?”

She shrugged. “Phil did what he had to do. What his gut—his self-preservation instincts, I guess—told him to do. It’s how he got where he is today, owner of a multimillion-dollar ad agency.”

“That’s business! That’s not the way you’re supposed to treat people you care about.”

She smiled knowingly. “I thought it was all related. Isn’t that what you said?”

Quinn slumped in his chair. “That’s not what I meant.”

“He runs his private life the way he runs his business. See, that’s something I didn’t realize before the wedding.”

“There you go again, sounding so damn sanguine about the whole thing.”

She shrugged. “Phil did what he had to do and I did what I had to do. No hard feelings.”

“Bull.” He made her meet his eyes. “You’re hurt, Molly. You gonna try to deny it?”

“No,” she said quietly. “But I’ll get over it. I’ve mostly put it behind me. I mean, what’s the use of letting myself wallow in bitterness and hatred? That just eats you up from the inside. Then you’re punishing yourself, not the person who hurt you.”

“Please don’t tell me you’ve forgiven him.”

Her beatific smile said it all.

“Oh, Molly,” he groaned.

“Now, don’t get yourself all worked up. Don’t start doing my hating for me.”

Somebody had to do it! He debated with himself for a whole two seconds before blurting, “You may not hold a grudge, but Phil sure does.”

She scraped her cake plate clean with her fork. “I know. He’s saying terrible things about me.”

“He’s doing more than that and you’re letting him. Damn it, Molly!”

Her eyes widened at his harsh tone. “What did I do?”

“You can’t really believe nine-fifty a week is a bargain for this place?”

She stared unblinking and he saw his words register, saw the inevitable and unwelcome conclusion latch on with sharp little claws. Watching her expressive face, Quinn had to give Phil’s brother credit for trying, but no one was ever going to teach this woman to bluff.

Quinn’s motives had been pure. If she was determined to play Saint Molly, the least he could do was arm her with all the facts. That’s what he’d told himself, but what he saw on her face made him wish he’d kept his mouth shut.

She made a valiant effort to smile. “Well. I guess I bungled that one, huh? Think he’s having a good laugh right about now?”

“Molly...” Quinn said miserably. “I’m sorry, I shouldn’t have—”

“Don’t be silly. I’m glad you did.” She sat up straighter, her dignified speech and posture at odds with the twin spots of color in her tanned cheeks, and a hard glitter in her eyes he’d never seen before. “Do you mind if I ask what you’re paying?”

You started this, he chided himself. Why stop now when she has a scrap of self-esteem left? “I’m... I’m not paying anything, Molly. He, uh, offered me the place free.”

One delicate eyebrow lifted slightly as if this were of passing interest. He almost expected to hear, “How nice for you.”

He made himself continue. “I think he’s charging you a couple of hundred a week more than he usually gets. There’s plenty of competition from places in a lot better shape.”

“Thank you for telling me this, Quinn.”

Molly stood and quickly gathered the dishes, then carried them into the kitchen. He heard plates and flatware clatter into the sink, heard the faucet open full blast.

Quinn cursed under his breath. He’d offer to pay her rent himself if he thought she’d accept it. But the money itself wasn’t the issue, he knew.

He sat listening to the amplified scritch scritch scritch of the phonograph needle gnawing on vinyl until it finally dawned on him that the machine didn’t know the music had ended. He went into the living room, switched it off, and lifted the record from the turntable.

In the sudden quiet a soft sound came to his ears, barely audible. Muffled weeping. He tossed the record aside and hurried into the kitchen.

Molly stood at the sink squirting an endless stream of liquid soap into the rising water. Quinn didn’t think she was aware of the spuming foam threatening to overflow onto the floor. Her chin wobbled and tears welled in her eyes. He turned off the water and took the detergent bottle from her.

“He had to have the last laugh.” She pounded the worn countertop with her fist. “His first try at cheating me didn’t work, so he had to have another stab at it. And I just let him because I’m so ditsy!” The tears spilled down her cheeks.

“Molly, you’re not—”

“I’m a doormat! Even after what he tried to do, I trusted him. I mean, I walked right into it!” She gestured wildly and shook off the comforting hand Quinn laid on her back.

He said, “If you were a doormat, you would have walked down the aisle with Phil because you’d have been too timid or embarrassed to call it off at the last minute. If you trusted him about the rent, it’s because you see the good in people. And it’s that goodness you concentrate on, not the person’s faults. You bring out the best in people, Molly.”

She leaned back against the refrigerator, hugging herself. “Like I brought out the best in Phil?”

“You can’t bring out what’s not there to begin with. You’re blaming yourself for this when you should be blaming him. You’re doing what you just talked about—punishing yourself instead of the person who hurt you.”

“He—He used to be so sweet, Quinn. When we were together. Devoted. I mean, I know now it was an act.”

Quinn edged closer and tipped her face up so she’d be forced to see his sincerity. She tried to turn away, but he wouldn’t let her. “You saw the good in me,” he said. “You ignored my many loathsome faults and focused on my pitifully few virtues, and look at me now.” He smiled down into her sullen, watery eyes. “When that sun sets, I’m the first guy on the beach and the last one to leave. King of the Cape, they call me.”

She pushed ineffectually at his chest. “You’re just trying to make me feel better.”

“Well, there you go! Could you see me doing that two weeks ago?” He grabbed a paper napkin from the counter and blotted her tears. She took it from him, dabbed at her nose, and lobbed it into the corner garbage can.

Her fragrance heightened his awareness of how close they stood—not a store-bought perfume but her own subtle, alluring scent. He ignored the cautionary voice inside his head and moved closer still, leaning both forearms on the refrigerator door to corral her.

Molly glanced up into his eyes and he saw the answering awareness she couldn’t hide, felt it reach deep inside and tug at the most primitive part of him. She averted her face. Her chest rose and fell in a quickened rhythm and he leaned into her until her soft breasts nudged him with each breath.

Quinn lowered his mouth to her throat, seeking her pulse, the hot rush of life there. Her breath caught and her hands came up, fluttering, uncertain. To hold him or to push him away? Did she know?

His lips nuzzled her. The breathless little sounds she made inflamed him. He felt her fighting it, felt her resisting this thing that had been brewing between them for nearly two weeks, and this excited him, challenged the primal male animal she’d awakened.

“Molly...” he breathed against her throat. She shuddered. His fingers were threaded into her hair, holding her, and he didn’t know how they’d gotten there. He was acting on instinct and it felt damn good.

His other hand caressed her waist, her hip, slowly, cajolingly. It glided up her rib cage. He heard and felt her soft, panting breaths, felt her rising excitement and perhaps a touch of panic. The heavy warmth of her breast nestled in the crook of his hand. His thumb lightly stroked the underswell. Her fingernails bit into his shoulders as she struggled to fend off not him, he sensed, but her own mounting desire.

He sought the truth in her expressive face. Her eyes had that drowsy, needy look. Her mouth was slightly parted, her skin flushed.

Quinn pounced in unthinking reflex, seizing her mouth in a hard kiss, crushing her against the refrigerator. This kiss was thorough, unashamedly possessive. It demanded a response. And still Molly held back. He intensified the siege, angling his head, shifting his body to fit her pliant curves.

He nibbled at her closed lips, licked the seam. “Molly,” he whispered, “stop fighting it, you won’t win.”

He captured her buttocks and pulled her closer still. Her mouth opened on a gasp and he took advantage, plying her with short, coaxing strokes of his tongue, more a stealthy infiltration than an invasion.

Quinn knew his patience had been rewarded when he heard her soft moan. She melted a little, opened to him, surrendering at last. Triumph surged hard and hot within him. His hands covered her breasts. Their stiff peaks teased his palms and he brushed them lightly, teasing her in return, inhaling the helpless whimpers that rose in her throat.

He relinquished her mouth and gazed at her, the picture of earthy sensuality, panting softly, eyes half-closed, nipples jutting under the flimsy fabric of her dress. In that instant his sanity hinged on getting her out of her clothes and into his bed. Now.

His hand slid under the short hem of her skirt and up her thigh, which was even silkier than he’d imagined. And he’d imagined it a lot in the past twelve days. He nudged her legs apart with his knee and continued the exploration. While Molly eschewed a bra, she did, he now discovered, wear underpants.

Practical cotton by the feel of them, but skimpy. Not much to them.

His fingers slipped between her legs, probing, seeking, and he felt the melting heat of her passion right through the thin cotton. She stared up at him, dazed with that passion. Her trembling legs parted farther as if of their own volition.

She whispered, “Can we make it to your bedroom?”

Quinn pressed himself into the cradle of her hips so there’d be no mistaking his state of readiness. “I’m thinking that countertop looks pretty good.”

She chuckled. “I’d say go for it, but something tells me you don’t keep condoms in here with the Frosted Flakes.”

Red alert! his mind screamed. He forced himself to admit, “Uh, Molly honey, I don’t have any condoms.”

No distractions—that was the whole idea of this trip, wasn’t it? You don’t pack Trojans when you’re planning on no distractions.

He said, “I suppose it’s too much to hope you have some upstairs?”

She shook her head.

And the drugstore was closed at that late hour. If there was one thing Quinn had learned in eight years in the ad business, it was how to salvage a foundering presentation. He said, “You know, I’ve recently discovered that I can be exceptionally imaginative. One might even say inventive.”

A slow smile touched her face. “Is that so?”

“Yes it is, and I’d be privileged to demonstrate this newfound inventiveness, at no risk to you whatsoever.”

Molly wrapped her arms around his neck. “Well. I must admit I’m... intrigued.”

He lifted her by the hips and spun around to set her on the counter, shoving aside the cake plate and upsetting the sugar bowl. He kissed her hungrily and pushed up her dress.

She wriggled to help him as he worked her underpants over her hips. “I’ve been trying not to let myself even think about you this way,” she said.

“Me, too.” He pulled the underpants down her legs and over her sandaled feet, and tossed them onto the toaster. “But let’s face it, Phil doesn’t ever have to find out.”

“Phil? What does this have to do with Phil?”

Quinn tried to part Molly’s legs, but she locked her knees together. She pushed her skirt firmly into her lap and placed a staying hand on his shoulder when he went for another kiss. “Quinn? What’s this about Phil?”

“Only that we have to keep this from him. Come on, Molly, I don’t have to spell it out for you, do I?”

“Maybe you do.”

He backed off a little and studied her expression. Wariness had replaced the glaze of desire in her eyes. He said, “Phil is a force to be reckoned with in my industry. You know that. He’s in a position to either help me or hurt me, big time. If he got wind of this...” Quinn’s gesture took in the two of them, and the promise of imminent debauchery.

Molly’s morose little head shake told him debauchery was no longer imminent. As if to herself, she muttered, “I should’ve listened to my gut. I knew this was a mistake.” She grabbed her underpants and stuck her feet into them. She hopped down from the counter and pulled the pants up, all in one efficient motion.

“Molly, what’s with you?” He followed her into the living room.

“It’s getting a little crowded in here, Quinn. You. Me. The force to be reckoned with.” She opened the door.

“Don’t you think you’re overreacting?”

She turned to him with a pensive expression, clearly giving his question serious thought. “Perhaps,” she said pleasantly, “but I don’t like secrets. I’m not going to hide what I do as if it’s something shameful. I understand your preoccupation with business, with your career, and that’s okay. That’s you.”

“Oh, for pity’s sake.”

“The bottom line is this. Phil stopped being part of my love life four months ago, and that’s the way I want to keep it.” She rose on tiptoe and kissed his cheek, with a wistful little smile. “Happy birthday, Quinn. I hope your wish comes true.” Then she was gone, her footfalls receding up the stairs.

He said, “It didn’t.”





 Six


MOLLY HAD EXPECTED the rain to let up by midday, but if anything, it had only gotten heavier, and now the wind had picked up as well. She stood before the sliding door that opened onto the deck, watching the expanse of tall grasses between the house and the beach ripple and sway under the onslaught. Whitecaps studded the bay. The sky grew darker by the minute.

Well, she couldn’t complain. They’d had twenty-six days of near perfect weather. Molly smiled. When had she started thinking of this vacation in terms of “they”? And had Quinn slipped into the same mindset?

Probably. The past two weeks since his birthday had been far different from those first strained days. They now shared the house in a natural, relaxed way. By unspoken agreement they had the run of each other’s space, with no locked doors between them.

Most meals were joint ventures. One beach blanket served the two of them. Together they dined in the local seafood restaurants, perused the gift and antiques stores, and occasionally, when the docile bay seemed too boring, they crossed the Cape for the pugnacious waves of the Atlantic. Quinn had even rented a bike to accompany Molly on two-wheeled tours of the surrounding area.

They’d gone out to the movies a couple of nights to take in the latest crop of summer action flicks. And when Molly had discovered Quinn had never bowled, she’d dragged him whining and moping to the nearest alley. He’d made no secret of the fact he considered bowling a lowbrow pseudosport for bored housewives and middle-aged guys with prodigious beer guts and no discernible athletic skills—which made his initiation all the more humbling.

Molly had assured him her score of 202 was a fluke—her average was a mere 187. She’d almost regretted taking him when he refused to leave until he’d elevated his score into the three digits. They’d returned a few times and he’d shown rapid improvement. He now talked of perfecting his technique through books and videos, and investing in the best-quality ball, bag, and shoes.

Most evenings, however, they stayed in, playing poker, watching movies, or simply listening to music and talking. Sometimes Molly accompanied the old records on her trumpet, at Quinn’s urging. This gave him the opening to launch into off-color observations regarding female horn players until she was laughing too hard to continue.

One recent evening she’d employed her feminine wiles and most of a blender of slushy, sneakily strong margaritas to persuade him to dance with her. It might have been the tequila, but Quinn did the old rock tunes justice with sexy, loose-jointed moves and a surprisingly sound sense of rhythm.

Molly couldn’t kid herself: They weren’t just friends. Their relationship had passed the point of simple friendship when they came close to doing the wild thing on Quinn’s kitchen counter. She hadn’t allowed things to get that out of hand since.

She meant what she’d told Quinn. Yes, she understood his concerns regarding his career, but she had no intention of sneaking around, and she especially had no intention of sneaking around behind her ex-fiancé’s back, of all people. The usurious rent he’d charged her had been a painful and expensive lesson. But not a wasted one. Phil Owen was now officially out of her life. She refused to allow him even unwitting control over any aspect of it. And that included being forced to treat the act of love like some sordid little secret.

And Quinn still insisted on secrecy even though he now had even more reason to despise Phil. He’d told Molly that he’d believed Phil’s explanation for letting him go, that the merger with Glacken and Ross had created circumstances beyond his control. However, after Molly’s bombshell revelation about the prenuptial agreement, Quinn began to examine the events leading up to his firing.

The day after his birthday he’d made a few discreet phone calls and got the inside scoop: The guy brought in to replace him was a close relative of Phil’s. Quinn’s job should have been secure, merger or no merger. After that it wasn’t hard to deduce that free use of the beach house had been a placating gesture in case Quinn ever managed to discover he’d lost his job to nepotism.

Quinn freely acknowledged that this latest disclosure only bolstered his disgust of his former boss. Nevertheless, Phil was still a Force to Be Reckoned With. In light of a recent day trip Molly had made to Nantucket, Quinn’s worries were probably moot, but she wouldn’t share that with him just yet. Call her selfish, but she needed to know where she stood with him. If she didn’t mean enough to him that he’d risk Phil’s wrath, perhaps theirs was meant to be only a shallow and sexless summer fling. And in five days they’d go their separate ways.

But their differences went beyond his fixation on secrecy. She was terrified of repeating her previous disastrous mistake. No, Quinn and Phil weren’t clones, but the similarities were undeniable. Quinn argued that they were also superficial, and the more she got to know him, the more she had to agree. Still, hadn’t Phil been Mr. Right not so long ago? In the words of the old adage, fool me twice, shame on me.

She’d lost her head with Quinn once. Since then, she’d been on her guard, determined to avoid a repeat performance. Thus their displays of affection were tame by most couples’ standards. Such as the little gifts they exchanged, sometimes silly, sometimes sentimental, anything that caught their fancy or reminded one of the other. From him, a tiny, antique scrimshaw charm on a neck chain, inscribed with the image of a swan. From her, a plush stuffed crab, souvenir of Cape Cod, in honor of his zodiac sign.

Molly gave Quinn long, pampering back rubs. He brushed her hair until she moaned in pure hedonistic bliss. They necked on the beach, more playful than passionate. In the house they freely touched and kissed and cuddled, but she always reined in the action well before the point of no return. It wasn’t easy. Quinn employed an impressive array of seduction skills in an effort to tip the scales. He still wanted to make love to her, but on his own terms, as a strictly clandestine liaison. She tried not to let on how much sheer grit it took to resist him.

Her gaze was focused on the distant horizon, now murky and indistinct, when a dark figure appeared out of nowhere and rapped sharply on the glass of the sliding door.

Molly jumped with a shriek. In the next heartbeat she recognized the man standing on the deck in the downpour. Quinn pointed to the door latch. “Open up.”

She unlocked it and tried to pull it open, but this was one of the doors that didn’t want to budge. Quinn added his brawn to the effort and the door jerked about two feet along its track, squealing in protest. He stepped inside and muscled it closed.

In the gloom of the rain-hued afternoon his smiling eyes seem to glow like gray-green gems in his tanned face—those heavy-lidded gigolo eyes that no longer seemed so incongruous now that she’d experienced the sensual side of this man she’d once thought of in such one-dimensional terms.

“You’re drenched!” she said.

He glanced at the puddle gathering on the tile floor at his feet. His black polo shirt and olive-drab chinos clung to his body. He swept his fingers through his sodden hair and it stood up in black spikes.

He looked too delicious to resist, and Molly didn’t even try. She stretched on tiptoes for what she intended as a quick kiss, but for some reason the feel of his lips, rain wet and chilly, the light rasp of afternoon whiskers, roused something within her, something with a mind of its own. She kissed him greedily, making little yummy noises. A low, feral sound rumbled up his throat as he began to respond.

Abruptly she switched gears and licked his lips with ravenous cat laps, the rain and Quinn both sweet on her tongue. After a bark of surprise, he made a grab for her, but she was ready with an evasive maneuver, laughing, getting in a few more haphazard swipes of her tongue before he caught her.

Quinn clamped his arms around Molly, pressing her to his soaking wet clothes. A wicked chuckle bubbled against her mouth as he took charge of the kiss. She wriggled and squirmed in a futile attempt to escape, but he only held her tighter. At last he released her and she staggered back a step, laughing breathlessly, her lips buzzing.

“There!” he said with a triumphant grin. “Don’t mess with me, sister!”

“You got me wet!”

“Really?” he asked, a study in male impudence.

I’m getting there, she could have answered, but offered only an exasperated smirk.

His intense gaze homed in on her torso. She followed his line of sight, almost expecting to see twin gray-green laser beams. Her pale blue T-shirt, now thoroughly wet and practically transparent, was plastered to her breasts. Her nipples rose in dusky points.

Of course, he’d seen her buck naked, but there was nothing like a teasing glimpse to light a guy’s fire. What strange and curious creatures men were, she thought. But lovable, by and large. And a surprising number of them smelled good and moved heavy objects without complaint. Even the debacle with Phil hadn’t soured Molly on the male of the species.

She plucked the shirt from her skin. When she released it, it clung once more. She asked, “Didn’t your mother ever teach you to come in out of the rain?”

“I thought that’s what I just did.”

“What were you doing out there?”

“Bringing all the lawn furniture into the house. I already did the first floor.” At her quizzical look he said, “Hurricane’s on the way, Molly.”

“No!”

“Didn’t you hear it on the news?”

“TV’s been off all day. Aren’t we supposed to evacuate or something? Run like heck away from the coast?”

“It’s not going to be that bad,” he said. “We should be fine if we just batten down the hatches.”

“What can I do?”

“Well, there was this public health warning. If you’re wearing a wet T-shirt, it has to come off. Immediately.”

“Nice try.”

“Suit yourself, but don’t blame me if you catch, uh, hurricane fever.”

“Aren’t we supposed to, like, nail wood over the windows or something?” she asked.

“Ideally, but if you think I’m going to jump in my car and hunt for a lumberyard and bust my butt to secure a house whose owner is letting it fall apart anyway, think again.”

“You’ve got a point.”

“Actually, I have some duct tape in my car. We’ll tape all the windows and doors so at least if one breaks, it won’t shatter all over.” He nodded toward her deck. “Speaking of which, I’ve got to bring all your stuff inside or it could come flying through the glass later. Why don’t you put some water in pots, pitchers, whatever you can find, in case the water supply becomes contaminated? And see if you can scare up some candles—we could lose power.”

“Good idea. Ooh, this is exciting!”

Quinn smiled at her enthusiasm and pulled the sliding door open. Wind-driven rain pelted him. He adopted a W. C. Fields twang, fresh in Molly’s mind from last night’s Fields movie marathon. “’Tain’t a fit night out for man nor beast! I’m going out to milk the elk, dear.”

While he moved her picnic table, chairs, and grill inside, Molly changed into a tie-dyed halter top and green sweat shorts with a rolled-up hem. She filled all available vessels with water and ransacked the closets, earning only a smelly citronella candle and a flashlight with dead batteries for her efforts.

Quinn had piled up the lawn furniture in a corner of the living room. He started pulling off his sodden clothes on his way downstairs and returned a few minutes later in dry shorts and a T-shirt Molly had bought for him at the local army-navy store, in hopes of weaning him away from his stuffy “vacation uniform.” The shirt was gray with a design that harkened back to the World War II navy construction battalions, the Seabees: a cartoon bumblebee wearing a fierce expression and a navy cap, holding tools and firing a weapon.

Quinn had retrieved the duct tape from his car, as well as a hefty, macho-looking flashlight that worked. In addition, he’d located a nearly full box of four dozen white utility candles under his kitchen sink.

Meanwhile Molly had cleared a space in the living room and thrown a thick quilt and a couple of sofa cushions on the floor as a sort of cozy nest from which to observe Mother Nature’s shenanigans. Their view was impeded only by the crisscrossing strips of duct tape Quinn now placed on the glass of the sliding door. Within minutes all the glass in the house was similarly adorned.

“There.” He tossed the leftover tape onto a lamp table. “We’ve done what we can.”

“Join me.” Molly patted the quilt next to her. Sitting cross-legged, facing the sliding door and the rapidly escalating storm, she twisted a corkscrew into a bottle of burgundy and worked the cork out. She poured wine into two juice glasses.

Quinn kicked off his deck shoes and settled next to her on the quilt. He accepted a glass. “I should’ve known you’d find a way to turn a hurricane into high entertainment.”

“You know, we should turn off all the lights, get a better view.”

As if on command, the lights flickered for a few moments. Molly giggled. She waved her arms imperiously. “Forces of darkness, hear my command!”

The lights blinked out and Molly shot her fist in the air. “Yes! I have the power.”

Quinn set aside his glass and came to his feet. He offered Molly his hand. “If the high priestess of the dark forces isn’t above lighting a few candles, I could use some help.”

In short order they had a dozen lit utility candles arranged around the room, using coffee mugs and small plates for candleholders. Outside it was now nearly as dark as night. The bay at high tide had risen above the level of the clifflike dunes, whipped into powerful waves, threatening the homes directly on the beach.

Quinn said he didn’t think it would advance as far as their house, but Molly wasn’t so sure. And even without flood damage, the place was taking a beating. If it was dilapidated before, what was it going to be like after this?

The sliding door rattled in its frame, battered by wind-whipped rain and debris. Drafts found every chink, making candle flames shiver and dance. Quinn and Molly didn’t speak. They reclined on the cushions, snugly cocooned against the elements, sipping wine and listening to the wailing gales.

The glass had become a mirror, showing the two of them in indolent repose, gilded by candlelight, superimposed on the backdrop of nature’s violence. A study in contrasts, Molly thought, staring at her reflection, watching herself lift the juice glass to her lips. She watched Quinn watching her, his gaze on her profile. He tipped the bottle and refilled her glass and his own.

She supposed she should ask him if he was hungry. It was around dinnertime, but she didn’t want to eat, didn’t want to move, couldn’t bear to break the spell that lulled them like a narcotic.

She couldn’t have said how much time passed in this fashion... one hour, two. Their lives outside that one small room ceased to exist. They were castaways on a deserted island, surrounded by an impenetrable blockade of howling wind and rain. Held captive by the forces of darkness. Her mouth quirked at the thought.

Quinn caught her eye in the glass, curious, no doubt, about what had prompted her smile but unwilling to shatter the trance by asking. Their gazes locked and held for several minutes, and it seemed natural and right, as if nothing else existed that was worthy of their attention.

At last he broke eye contact to set down his juice glass. Something pumped hard within Molly’s body, a burst of anticipation, almost painful. His movements were deceptively unhurried as he took the glass from her hands and placed it next to his.

And then he turned back to her, as she’d known he would, to claim her mouth, his lips wine sweet and urgent. His fingers threaded into her hair and he half covered her. His weight, his heat, the pressure of his body, maddened her.

Their lips clung as if made for this. Their limbs twined as if made for this. Her hands clutched at his shoulders, his back, not tenderly but with a bone-deep craving. His tongue stroked her, slid deep to taste her, and she arched into him with a strangled whimper, needing this and so much more.

He caressed the bare skin of her back revealed by her halter top. When his thumb traced the sensitive outside curve of her breast at the edge of the cloth, she wrenched her mouth from his, feeling lightheaded, needing air.

Quinn’s eyes were even more arresting by candlelight, dangerously intense as he stared down at her. His fingertips lightly stroked up the edge of her halter top from her waist to her shoulder and around her neck. He tugged on the drawstring tie, and automatically she grabbed his wrist. The wind screamed in her ear, the rain drummed the glass, almost but not quite drowning out the warning voice in her head.

“So shy,” he murmured, searching her eyes. “I’ve seen you before. You weren’t shy then.”

She tried to bluff but knew the instant he saw through it to the yearning she couldn’t hope to conceal. He captured her wrists in one hand and reached around her neck to untie the drawstring. Then his fingers slid under her waist to loosen the bow there, leaving the halter top in place but completely unfastened.

He released her wrists. “Take this off.”

Molly bit back a spontaneous giggle. Quinn smiled a question.

“Take this off,” the sheik commands. “Dance for me.”

“Maybe I’ll tell you about it someday,” she said, and pulled the cloth away. The air felt cool on her bare torso, but there was nothing cool in Quinn’s gaze.

He lounged on his side next to her, propped on an elbow. His breath drifted over her bare flesh, exciting every nerve ending. His fingers lightly skimmed her belly. They lingered at her navel, just peeking over the top of her sweat shorts, igniting little sparks that made her stomach quiver.

He trailed his fingertips around one breast. Molly felt the nipple pucker. She watched, breathless, as his head slowly lowered and his mouth closed over it. Gasping, she clung to him. Sanity fled under the heat, the suction, the lithe strength of his tongue.

She saw the two of them in the glass, his dark head at her breast, her fingers tangled in his hair. She saw something close to pain on her own face, the wild wanting she’d managed to tame for so long straining at the leash.

He raised his head. She read it in his eyes even before he said, “It’s time.”





 Seven


QUINN DREW MOLLY to her knees and moved behind her on the quilt. “Look,” he said, nodding toward their reflection, pressing a kiss to her shoulder. “I swear I’ve never seen anything so beautiful.”

She looked. And saw herself bare to the waist, her long hair loose and disheveled—a candlelit ghost image layered on the roaring storm behind the glass. She saw Quinn, too, saw his hands cup her breasts. He lifted them, caressed them. Gently he plucked the tips, stealing her breath.

Molly closed her eyes, shutting out the image of her own helpless need, the flared nostrils, the flush of desire. Quinn whispered in her ear, “Watch with me, Molly. You’re so lovely like this.”

Stubbornly she kept her eyes shut until she felt him knee her legs apart. One muscular arm was banded around her middle, dark against her paler skin. She could only stare, mesmerized, as the fingers of his other hand slipped under the rolled hem of her shorts, under the elastic edge of her underpants. She flinched when he touched her right there, where she was slick and swollen and more than ready. His arm tightened around her.

“Uh-uh-uh, watch,” he chided as her eyelids fluttered, and she did. She watched her body rock into the skillful play of his fingers. He varied his touch, faster, slower, circling the tiny point where all sensation converged.

His finger pushed deep within and her breath left in a rush. She grabbed his arm like a lifeline. Her soft, panting gasps mirrored the rhythmic pressure of his hand until the exquisite tension peaked and snapped and her mind splintered with her climax.

Her body pumped hard and Quinn felt it. He told her so. Some wanton part of her responded to the rough, crude words he whispered in her ear, stoking her release until black spots began to crowd her vision.

Limp and sated, she gulped air even as Quinn yanked her shorts and underpants off in one swift motion. Something shiny flashed out of his pocket, a small square packet. A moment later he was pushing into her from behind, his face stark and savage in the glass.

Molly shouted, awed by the stunning pressure, the glut of pure sensation. His gaze remained riveted on hers as he pressed slowly, inexorably, into her. She greeted each short thrust with a sharp cry of fulfillment until he was fully seated. He felt enormous inside her, an overwhelming presence.

His hands were everywhere, it seemed, urging her toward the pinnacle yet again as he hammered into her hard and fast. As another orgasm rocketed through her, Molly struggled to keep her eyes open and was rewarded by the sight of Quinn’s face as he, too, tumbled over the edge.

They slumped onto all fours, then collapsed onto the quilt. Quinn’s heart drummed her back through his T-shirt. It took several minutes for the din of the hurricane to register over the roar of Molly’s pulse in her ears.

Quinn seemed to sense the exact moment that his weight ceased being welcome and rolled off her heavily. She didn’t have the strength to open her eyes but heard discreet movements as he righted himself, the rustle of clothing, the murmur of a zipper. He abandoned her briefly, returning with a soft blanket in which he lovingly swaddled her.

“It’s not fair,” she mumbled sleepily, prying her eyes open.

“What’s not fair?” His voice was a honeyed rumble in her ear as he tucked the blanket around her shoulders.

“I’ve never seen you without your clothes. You’ve seen me, you know, like, totally bare-butt naked. Twice.” She tugged on the hem of his shorts. “Take all this off.” With a giddy chuckle she added, “Dance for me.” She rolled over, stretching languorously, and watched him pull off his T-shirt.

He stood and dropped his shorts. “I’ll be happy to dance for you. With or without veils?” He kicked away his briefs and extended his arms to the sides, presenting himself for his lover’s inspection.

Molly folded her arms under her head and stared. Quinn really was a magnificently constructed man. And God bless him, he was already hard again. “No veils,” she said. “I was thinking more along the lines of the, uh, horizontal hula.”

“I don’t know, those grass skirts itch like the devil.” He slipped beneath the blanket and hauled her to him, giving her her first intoxicating taste of skin-to-skin Quinn. He said, “What say we try this hula thing, like, totally bare-butt naked?”

*

“NOT EXACTLY WHAT I meant when I said make yourself at home.”

Alarm bells clanged inside Quinn’s unconscious head. Even in slumber he knew he shouldn’t be hearing another man’s voice. Not when he and Molly lay sprawled on her bed under a thin sheet, naked and tangled and depleted from a night of nonstop loving. Laboriously he forced himself awake and cracked an eye open.

His muttered curse made Phil Owen smile. It wasn’t a pleasant smile.

Quinn glanced at Molly. The sheet covered only her lower body, but at least she was lying on her stomach. Not that Phil didn’t know what the flip side looked like, but that was history. Molly was Quinn’s now. He pulled the sheet up to her neck and sat up, automatically glancing around for his clothes.

Phil’s smile turned meaner. “They’re in the living room.”

“What the hell are you doing here?”

“Checking out the hurricane damage. No one answered my knock. I don’t have to ask what you’re doing up here.” He stared pointedly at Molly, who’d begun to stir.

Her head came up. She looked over her shoulder and frowned in puzzlement. “Phil?” Groggily she sat up, making no concessions to modesty—until she intercepted Quinn’s dark scowl, at which point she promptly jerked the sheet up to her shoulders.

Her wary expression told Quinn she hadn’t forgotten his obsession with secrecy for the sake of his career. His career had been the furthest thing from his mind last night when he’d been consumed with the need to possess Molly, to pleasure her, to drive himself into her.

Now that discretion was no longer an option, he had trouble recalling exactly why it had seemed so important. It was as if his priorities had suddenly been realigned to fit a new, improved Quinn.

Molly had come into his life and that was all that mattered. Everything else would just have to work itself out somehow.

Quinn got to his feet and faced Phil’s corrosive gaze head-on. He felt vulnerable enough stark naked with his ex-boss standing there in his crisp “vacation uniform” of a white polo shirt and knife-pleated slacks. He wasn’t going to sit looking up at him, too. He never blinked as a primitive, unspoken, purely male exchange arced between them

Molly rose, wrapping the sheet around herself. “Phil, did you stop for breakfast on the way up? I’ll put on some coffee.”

Quinn growled, “He doesn’t want any damn coffee.”

“Sure I do.” Phil’s expression was deceptively benign. “Molly knows just how I like it.”

“Half-caf,” she said with a yawn. “Just a touch of low-fat milk, right? And most of a packet of Sweet’n Low, only I don’t have any, and neither does Quinn. Is sugar okay?”

“Sugar’s fine.”

Quinn gaped at her. “Why don’t you fry him up some bacon and eggs while you’re at it? Maybe whip up some pancakes?”

His sarcasm was lost on Mellow Molly. “Sure, if he wants. Maybe you can get started while I cop a shower.”

What are you doing? he wanted to shout. This is the son of a bitch who coerced you! Slandered you! Cheated you! How could she stand there chatting cordially with Phil as if none of that had happened? Quinn felt like shaking her.

Phil watched Molly walk out of the room, trailing the sheet, which had begun to slip. His gaze lingered a little too long, a little too knowingly, on all the wrong parts. Or all the right parts, depending how you looked at it. Deliberately trying to rattle Quinn’s cage, no doubt.

Consider it rattled, you bastard.

Quinn didn’t linger. He stalked to the living room and yanked on his shorts as Molly gathered her clothes from the quilt on the floor. He ignored her attempts to make eye contact. His temper was too close to the surface. He didn’t even know who he was angry at—or rather, who he was more angry at.

In the past few weeks Quinn had come to appreciate Molly’s sanguine nature, her philosophical outlook. But the time had come to show some grit!

She headed down the hall, passing Phil, who laid his hand on her bare shoulder and murmured something in her ear. The two of them shared a private smile before she disappeared into the bathroom.

The canny devil was wearing a cream-lapping grin when he joined Quinn in the living room. Was that his game, then, to act sweet as pie to the woman he’d publicly vilified, simply to drive a wedge between her and Quinn?

Phil perused the stacked lawn furniture, the taped windows. He gave special attention to the rumpled quilt and sofa cushions on the floor. When he turned back to Quinn, his smile had been replaced by a sneer of pure venom. He asked how long Quinn had been making love with Molly, couching the question in the crudest language.

Quinn had no intention of answering that. Molly was right. She’d been right all along. Phil no longer had a claim on her, which meant there was no need for secrecy. But by the same token, whatever happened between Quinn and Molly was none of his damn business.

When his question was greeted with silence, Phil said, “Call me naive, but I never figured you’d go sniffing around my ex. I mean, the woman’s poison. This isn’t news to you. If you wanted to get your rocks off, why didn’t you snag one of the beach babes? Or a town girl. Easy pickings.”

“Don’t know what possessed her to walk away from a prince like you. I’m curious about something. How long before the wedding were you sitting on that prenup? Just waiting to spring it on her at the last minute.”

“It’s called hedging your bets.” Phil shook his head sadly. “I used to think you were savvy, Quinn. A real up-and-comer. Course, if you were so damn savvy, you wouldn’t have messed around with my ex!” he suddenly hollered, tapping his chest. He flushed brick red. A muscle jumped in his cheek. He spread his palms. “You see what I’m saying here? That doesn’t strike you as a monumentally self-destructive act?”

Now that the worst had happened, Quinn could only marvel at his previous tunnel vision. He almost laughed. What were the threats of this spiteful, manipulative man compared with what he’d found in Molly’s arms?

Phil added, “Know what I’m going to do soon as I get back to New York? I’m gonna make a few phone calls, have a chat with every major agency. You better learn how to make Happy Meals, buddy boy.”

“I’m not worried,” Quinn answered easily. “I don’t think you have that kind of juice in the business. I did, but now I’m not so sure.”

Phil took a step closer, quivering with rage. “You don’t think I could destroy you?” He snapped his fingers. “Like that?”

“I’ll risk it.” He’d risk that and more for Molly.

“Get the hell out of my house. Now.”

Quinn had anticipated this. Molly was still in the shower. He heard it running. He grabbed the rest of his clothes, shoved his feet into his deck shoes, and headed downstairs without a word. By the time Phil appeared on the threshold, Quinn had already thrown all his clothes and toiletries into his luggage. Swiftly he made his way through the rooms, tossing his personal possessions into the plastic milk crate he’d brought with him. He left the food behind. Phil watched silently, arms folded over his chest.

A minute later Quinn slammed the trunk of his car and started back into the house. To Molly. She’d want to leave with him, he was sure.

Phil blocked the entrance. He held out his hand. “Keys.”

“Molly!” Quinn called. Was she still in the shower?

“If you’re not off my property in ten seconds, I’m calling the cops. Give me the damn keys!”

Quinn worked the two beach-house keys off his key ring and hurled them over the roof of Phil’s silver BMW into the patch of poison ivy that passed for a side yard. Phil cursed ripely.

Molly pounded down the stairs, wet hair flying, zipping her short denim skirt. “Quinn!” she cried, pushing past Phil. “What’s going on?”

“What’s going on is that I’ve been asked to vacate the premises. I’m leaving, Molly.”

She turned to Phil with a perplexed frown. “Because of me? I didn’t think you still cared about me that way.”

Phil touched her cheek. “Neither did I until I saw you with someone else.”

“I don’t believe this,” Quinn muttered.

Phil’s performance had nothing to do with tender feelings for Molly and everything to do with male territorial rights. He didn’t want her, but his ego couldn’t bear to see her happy with Quinn. Her failure to see Phil’s chest-thumping for what it was frustrated and angered Quinn.

“Are you satisfied, Molly?” he snapped. “You see now why I wanted to be discreet? You’ll be happy to know he’s planning to blacklist me in the industry. Don’t say I didn’t call this one.”

She blinked, clearly stung. Phil put his arm around her shoulders and she didn’t shake it off. That was the coup de grâce, watching the smug bastard touch her as if he had a right. And she let him!

“I don’t think you have to worry about your career, Quinn,” she said. “There’s something I haven’t—”

“If I listened to you, I wouldn’t worry about a damn thing, would I?” He gesticulated angrily. “My life would just roll along with no direction, and to hell with my goals, my dreams, everything I’ve busted my butt for!”

“Quinn, let me tell—”

“Save it. I do have to worry about my career now, Molly, and none of your useless feel-good platitudes are going to pull it out of the fire.”

Molly didn’t move a muscle. She just stood staring at him. Finally she said, “You’re upset, Quinn. That’s why you’re lashing out at me. I can understand that.”

“You know what?” He rounded the Mercedes. “I don’t want your understanding. You’re too damn understanding.”

Phil said, “I don’t think your ‘understanding’ is what he was after, Molly.”

She never took her eyes from Quinn as he slid behind the wheel and started the car. He’d thought his imminent departure would goad her into action, but she said nothing, did nothing. He wouldn’t humiliate himself by asking her to leave with him. If she wanted to, she’d have said so. One thing about Molly, she didn’t play coy.

Would she take Phil back now? Or more to the point, would she let him manipulate her into believing he wanted her back? Would she let him use her again, savage her feelings again? Probably. Molly and her ex looked pretty damn cozy from where Quinn sat.

He executed a two-point turn to nose onto the road, then stuck his head out the window. “Hey, Phil. Give my best to Ben, will ya?”

Phil’s eye twitched. “Ben who?”

“‘Ben who?’ Ben Curran, you big kidder. Your cousin. First cousin on your mother’s side, am I right? The guy who replaced me. Inexperienced and more than a little incompetent, from what I hear.” And then, as if he hadn’t put a fine enough point on it, he added, “He’s the reason you fired me. You remember Ben.”

Phil looked like he didn’t want to.

Molly appeared more resigned than distraught. If she’d shed one tear, if she’d silently pleaded with that expressive face of hers—if she looked like she gave a damn!—he might have stayed and fought for her. He might have insisted she get in the car and leave with him. But she didn’t.

Quinn gunned the accelerator and reached for his road map.





 Eight


MOLLY WATCHED THE butter-yellow Mercedes disappear around a curve in the road.

He’ll be back. He just needs some time alone. He’ll come back to me.

She realized all her concentration had been centered on Quinn when she suddenly noticed things she hadn’t before. Such as a pressure on her shoulder that turned out to be Phil’s arm.

She promptly stepped away from him. “Did you really threaten to blacklist Quinn?”

“It was no threat, Molly. First thing tomorrow morning I’m working the phone.”

She sighed. “Well, you have to do what you have to do, I guess. It’s your way to respond with aggression, and I understand that.”

“I admire your understanding nature, Molly, I really do. That’s the difference between me and Quinn.”

“Oh, there are so many differences between you and Quinn! I didn’t realize that before, but now I do.”

“Well, better late than never. Although I suppose I shouldn’t be surprised that you were attracted to someone who reminded you of me. After everything we shared.” He edged closer and she smoothly sidled away from him.

“You know, speaking of working the phone,” she said, “I’ve been kind of burning up the long-distance wires myself lately. Don’t worry, I used my credit card. They won’t show up on your bill.”

“Oh, that wasn’t necessary.” Phil smiled magnanimously.

“Well, I don’t want to take advantage, you know?”

As he started to reach for her, Molly turned and gingerly made her way barefoot through the poison-ivy-studded minefield of a yard to the ancient rusted swing set. She perched on a cracked plastic swing and began to lazily rock herself.

The sun caught something bright on the ground. “Are those your keys?” she asked.

“Uh, yes. If you wouldn’t mind tossing them to me.”

“They’re, like, right in a patch of poison ivy,” she said. “I do mind.”

“Then just leave the damn things.”

She pitied the families with young children who reserved this house for their vacation only to discover that the decks were dangerously rotted, the swing set was falling apart, and you couldn’t toss a Frisbee around without risking a bout of poison ivy. She’d spoken to Phil about it so many times. He’d always yessed her to death with false promises of fixing the place up. Talk about penny wise, pound foolish!

He stood some distance away in the dirt at the edge of the yard, eyeing it as if it were a moat stocked with giant squid. “So. Mind if I ask who you’ve been chatting with long distance?”

“Anyone who might be hiring a copy editor.”

“Ah. Any nibbles?”

“As a matter of fact, yes,” she said. “You know Randall Harkin?”

“Randy Harkin. Sure. Editor in chief of Advertising Today.”

She beamed. “Gosh, you know just about everyone in the industry, don’t you?”

He puffed up. “I didn’t get where I am by burying my head in the sand.”

“You can say that again! Randy thinks your whole professional career is, like, so fascinating.”

“He does? You two talked about me?”

“Did we talk about you!” She chuckled. “We hardly talked about anything else!”

Phil’s eyes lit with excitement. “I haven’t been profiled in Ad Today in years. Maybe I’ll give Randy a call—”

“Save your quarter. It’s a done deal. And I’m not talking any measly one-column profile either but a whole dang feature article! I convinced him you were newsworthy.” She buffed her nails on her T-shirt. “What do you think of them apples?”

Phil stared at her in slack-jawed gratitude and even took a step toward her before leaping back out of the moat. “You did that? For me?”

She gave him her most angelic smile. “Hey. It’s the least I could do after all you’ve done for me.”

“So who’s writing the article?”

She preened. “You’re looking at her.”

“You?”

“He hired me!”

“What?” he said. “Over the phone?”

“No no. We met. Turned out he was coming up to Nantucket the weekend before last, so I asked if I could meet with him there. Quinn drove me to Hyannis Port and I took the ferry across. Randy is such a nice guy, Phil. Did you know he’s some kind of champion deep-sea fisherman? We took his yacht out and he caught this humongous—”

“Wait. Back up. You’re writing the article about me?”

“It’s already written. Randy hired me as associate editor, but I’m free to pitch articles, too. Oh, and guess what I found out when I called around. Just about everyone pays way more than you do! How about that? They could learn a thing or two from you about trimming costs, huh?”

His mouth worked soundlessly for a few moments.

“Don’t you want to know what’s in the article?” she asked. “Come on, I know you’re dying to ask me.”

“Well. Uh, I imagine it chronicles my long history in the business, my award-winning—”

Molly waved away such prosaic details. “That’s the public Phil Owen, the Phil Owen everyone already knows. I thought the readers would be interested in the real you. The man behind the marble desk and the designer suits. An insider’s perspective. You know.”

Phil stared at her for long moments. His eyes widened. “What have you done?”

“The last-minute, one-sided prenuptial agreement. The blatant nepotism. Some of your more, shall we say, innovative business practices. They’re all in there. Plus a whole bunch of revealing quotes. I did phone interviews with a lot of people you’ve dealt with over the years and they were all real enthusiastic about sharing anecdotes. And best of all? Check it out—you’ve got the cover! Randy, like, flipped over this article!”

Phil’s eyes bulged. His color spiked alarmingly. Molly was thankful for the poison ivy separating them.

He muttered, “He put you up to this.”

“Who, Quinn? Nope. He knows about the job but not the article. I have my own reasons for keeping it to myself. Though I did get my inspiration from a comment he once made about an open letter.”

Phil pulled himself up. Pointed a finger at her. “You are going to kill that article, Molly.”

“Okay.”

He blinked. “What?”

“There’s still time to pull it. If you’re sure that’s what you want.”

He sagged in relief—for about a second before his eyes got that squinty, suspicious look. “All right, how much?”

She slapped her thigh. “Now, see, I’m not surprised you assume this is about money. You’ve always had your eye on the bottom line. I ask you, is it any wonder you’re at the top of the food chain?”

“Cut the crap, Molly. What do I have to do to kill that tell-all piece?”

“It’s not what you have to do, it’s what you have to not do. Namely, not sabotage Quinn’s career. Which I know deep in your heart you really don’t want to do.”

She saw him thinking about it, saw him looking at her as though she’d evolved from her original spineless state into some kind of unfamiliar vertebrate life-form in the space of one short month.

What can I tell you? I’ve never been in love before.

Phil crossed his arms. “There’s no article. No job at Ad Today. You’re bluffing.”

Laughter burst from her. “Bluffing? Me? I can’t bluff! Just ask your brother.”

Phil took a deep breath. “Very well. I won’t make those phone calls. I won’t interfere with Quinn’s career in any way. You have my word.”

“And that means so much to me, your giving your word like that. But you know, sometimes people forget what they gave their word on, and I know you’ve been the victim of that kind of memory loss in the past, so I’m going to keep that article on file. And update it on a regular basis. Just in case.”

In truth, Molly had no desire to destroy Phil’s reputation. She’d assumed—hoped—the piece would remain unpublished even as she’d pitched it to Randy. Its sole function was as an insurance policy in the event Phil did indeed threaten Quinn’s career. It had served its purpose.

“You know, now that I think of it,” she said, “there is something you have to do.”

One eyebrow rose questioningly.

“Fix this place up,” she said. “I mean really fix it up, inside and out. And hire a weekly gardening service to make sure anything growing around here is safe to walk on and play in. Just think. You get this place shipshape, you can charge much more than your usual six seventy-five per apartment per week.”

“How’d you know—” He cut himself off.

“I put in a call to the local realtor you use. Sylvie was so surprised to learn how much you’d charged me. She wants to have a little chat with you, I think. Nice lady, Sylvie. Did you know her aunt Thea was Elvis’s manicurist?”

“I assume that’s the next item of extortion.” Phil sounded drained. “A refund of your rent.”

“Gosh, thanks! It honestly hadn’t occurred to me, but since you’re offering, why not?” She wagged her finger at him. “Admit it. You feel better already knowing you’re making things right.”

“No.”

Was it bluster or was he really that cold? “I hope you do someday, Phil. I believe there’s more to you than you let people see. More... I don’t know, more humanity.”

He looked at her with something akin to awe. “You really do believe that, don’t you? After everything.”

“I’ve had a few glimpses of the real you over the years.” She smiled sadly. “You can’t convince me it was all an act.”

He shook his head in wonder, and she saw a little of that humanity peek through. “I really screwed things up with that prenup, didn’t I?”

“It’s just as well. It wasn’t meant to be.”

“No. I suppose not.” He studied the yard around the swing set. “I’ll get a lawn service out here ASAP. As for the rest of it...” He looked at the dilapidated house. “I’ll start calling around. I’m going to Kenya on safari next week. I’ll try to get all the repair work lined up before I go.”

Phil didn’t glance her way again as he strode toward his BMW. “You’ve read the lease. I’ll expect you out of here by noon on the thirty-first.”





 Nine


MOLLY FINGERED THE tiny scrimshaw charm hanging on a short gold chain just below the hollow of her throat. She imagined she could feel the delicate image of a swan etched into the surface. “Thank you for showing me the swan,” Quinn had said that night on her deck.

Thank you for showing me what it feels like to be in love, she thought. Even if it couldn’t last. Even if he didn’t return her love.

It was July 31, nearly 1:00 a.m. Molly had packed what she could. Last-minute items such as her bedding and toiletries would have to wait. She had to be out of the house by noon. Her friend Claire, whose boyfriend lived in Boston, had given Molly a lift to the Cape on one of her trips to visit him. Claire was due to swing by and pick her up in the morning for the trip back to New York.

Restless, Molly grabbed a plaid wool stadium blanket from a half-packed carton and trudged down the stairs. Outside, the night air was cool and heavy with mist. Clouds obscured Cygnus and the other constellations. She slung the small blanket over her shoulders and strolled barefoot the short distance to the beach.

The rough road surface soon gave way to the cool caress of sand. She was going to miss this place. For the rest of her life she’d never be able to think of it without wondering where Quinn was, what he was doing, who he was with, whether he was happy. She wished that for him and more: happiness and love and, yes, the attainment of each and every one of those momentous fiscal goals he held so dear.

Molly veered to the right onto the stretch of beach bordered by the field of tall grasses, alive with the trilling of crickets. She steered clear of the handful of beach houses to the left, instinctively shunning human contact. The tide was in and water lapped gently at the shore.

Something sharp scraped her toe and she bent to retrieve a small scallop shell. She peered at the tiny object by the meager light of the waning crescent moon struggling through cloud cover. She rubbed her fingers over the ridges on both sides, the nick at the bottom. Then she hauled back and chucked it into the bay.

Quinn hadn’t come back to her. After three days Molly was forced to admit she’d called this one wrong. She’d thought all he’d needed was breathing space, a little time to cool off. She’d been so certain he’d felt what she had: the sharp, sweet thrill of discovery; the simple rightness of being with each other.

Should she have left with him? Three days earlier she’d known in her heart the answer was no. He needed time alone. It was only when he didn’t return, or even call, that doubts began to creep in. Perhaps she should have forced the issue, after all, planted herself in his car and made him take her with him whether he wanted to or not.

No. She was through barging into his life. If he wanted her, he’d have let her know by now.

She could have told Quinn about the Ad Today article two weeks earlier when she’d first started working on it, but she’d feared that would only muddy the waters at a time when they were trying to come to grips with their feelings for each other. Although she’d begun to realize that Quinn and Phil were different in every way that mattered, Quinn’s continued insistence on secrecy had told her his career still took center stage. It came before everything else, including her.

Molly had needed to know that if and when they made love, it would be because Quinn had opened his heart to her unreservedly, come what may, not because he was relying on the trump card of her tell-all article to keep Phil Owen from wreaking havoc.

And indeed, on that wonderful night when Quinn had shared himself with her, with no mention of Phil or his career or keeping anything under wraps, Molly had felt whole for the first time. Cherished.

When he’d thrown it back in her face the next morning, she’d given him the benefit of the doubt. She’d assumed he hadn’t meant his bitter words, that he was just worried for his career.

It had been three days. He’d meant them.

He truly did resent her for bringing Phil’s wrath down on his head, as unfair as that was. She’d tried to tell him about the article then so he’d know he had nothing to fear from Phil, but he’d been too angry to listen.

Molly stopped walking and pulled the blanket more securely around herself. She stood listening to the crickets and the breeze sighing through the tall grass beyond the berm of sand. From here no houses were visible, no lights. The late hour and damp chill meant the beach was all hers, for which she was grateful. She doubted she could summon up her usual gregariousness tonight.

She looked back the way she’d come and was surprised to see she’d counted her blessings too soon. A lone figure emerged from the gloom, a dark silhouette. Someone trying to decide whether this was a good night for a stroll on the beach, she supposed. It isn’t, she wanted to yell. Go away. I was here first. She sensed him returning her stare, picking up on her inhospitable thoughts, she hoped.

He began to move, not away but toward her. Irritation flared for an instant until she recognized the fluid, long-legged stride. Even in the dark and at a distance, Molly knew Quinn’s walk.

Her emotions rioted. Quinn’s presence could mean everything or nothing. He’d returned for some forgotten item, she told herself. It had nothing to do with her.

She watched him approach, hands stuffed in his jeans pockets. The skimpy moonlight gave no clue to his expression until he was standing right in front of her, close enough to touch.

What she saw then made her breath snag. She felt his intimate gaze like a caress on her hair, her mouth, her eyes. He lifted his hand, slowly, and brushed a fingertip across her eyelashes. “Tears?” he said, his voice heartbreakingly gentle. “Ah, Molly...”

She drew in a shaky breath. “You came back. I—I didn’t think...”

He smiled with his eyes, those seductive gigolo eyes that she could stare into forever. “No, I didn’t think. Or I thought too much, I don’t know. I let my ego get in the way. Maybe Phil and I are alike.”

“No. You’re nothing like him, Quinn. I should’ve seen it right away, but I was, I don’t know, wary.”

“Who could blame you?”

Speaking of blame... “You’re not still angry with me? For Phil finding out and all that?”

“Molly.” He framed her face in his hands. “I never thought that was your fault. Those things I said. I didn’t mean them. I was... I didn’t mean them. I should’ve tossed you into the car and made you leave with me. My gut told me not to, but I wish I had.”

A watery chuckle escaped her. “We both made the mistake of listening to our instincts.”

“I’m an idiot,” he said.

“Say it louder. I want everyone to know.”

He threw back his head and yelled, “I’m an idiot! Quinn Marshall is an—”

Molly clapped her hand over his mouth. He kissed her palm and twined his fingers through hers.

“I used to think getting on the wrong side of Phil was the worst thing that could happen,” Quinn said. “Then it happened and I realized that as long as I had you, nothing else mattered.”

Molly bit her lip against a sob of joy and relief. Quinn draped his forearms over her shoulders and tipped his forehead down to hers. They stood that way for several minutes, drinking in each other’s nearness and warmth. Finally Molly had to ask.

“Why did you leave? I mean, I know you had to leave because Phil kicked you out, but why did you stay away?”

He kissed her forehead. “I thought you were going to take Phil back.”

She could only gape at him, speechless.

“I told you, I’m an idiot. Then I started making calls, lining up job interviews, and a very interesting story began to emerge. It seems my Mellow Molly has been quite enterprising.”

“‘Mellow Molly’?” She rolled it around in her mind, then nodded in approval. “Go on.”

“Many of the industry people I talked to had been contacted by a charming and delightful young woman working on an article about Phil Owen for Advertising Today. And get this, the reporter freely admits she was once engaged to the guy, and somehow she gets all these people to share every smarmy detail of their dealings with him. I knew I couldn’t be the only one to see that blowhard for what he is, and I was right.”

“You reap what you sow.”

“Word is, the article was killed. Then it turns out Phil never followed through on his threats to ruin me. You see how an interesting scenario begins to take shape here, one even an idiot like me can’t fail to recognize.”

“What might that scenario be?”

“Mellow Molly has learned the gentle art of extortion.”

She shrugged. “He threatened the man I love.”

Quinn sought her eyes in the dark. He took a deep breath. “You beat me to it. I wanted to say it first.”

She smiled. “I didn’t, like, actually say it, though, did I?”

“No, come to think of it.” He brought his lips to her ear and nuzzled aside her hair. His breath was hot, but it was his words that warmed her to her core. “I love you, Molly.” He kissed her ear, her temple. “I love you so much it scares me.”

“I love you, too,” she whispered. “Doesn’t scare me at all.”

She felt his answering grin. He cupped her face and brought his lips to hers, and the feel of him, the taste of him, made her stupid and clumsy. She slid her arms around him and the blanket started to slip. She made a grab for it, but he caught it first and snugged it around her.

“Is there room under this thing for two?” he asked.

In answer she draped the blanket over his shoulders and was instantly rewarded. His arm snaked around her back to pull her against him while the fingers of his other hand pushed through her hair and tipped her head back for a kiss so deep, so possessive, it was just as well he was holding her up.

“Three days,” he growled, pressing hard, fast kisses to her face, her throat, stealing her wits. “I don’t ever want to be away from you for that long again.”

Molly didn’t notice he’d managed to unbutton her denim shirt until she felt cool air on her breasts, followed by Quinn’s toasty hands. She groaned in helpless pleasure. The zipper of her jeans was next while she struggled to yank his sweatshirt up and off him. They tottered, off balance, as jeans, underwear, and Quinn’s shoes were kicked away.

Then he was there, pressed full-length to her, hot and hard and wonderfully impatient, the silky steel of his erection twitching against her belly. She savored the spiraling tension in her own body, a thumping drumbeat of need growing louder and louder, drowning out everything else, everything that wasn’t Quinn.

The night sky spun as he lowered her to the ground, the sand coarse and bumpy under the blanket. She never had a chance to catch her breath, with his hands here and his mouth there and her body arching and opening and she was ready so ready and she needed him now.

She told him so, panting, pleading, with no shame at all because this was Quinn and her deep need began and ended with this man.

He kissed her mouth. “Trust me,” he whispered, and kissed a path down her body.

She whimpered and clutched him even as his hands came under her knees to open her wider, even as his hot breath and hotter mouth wrenched a startled cry of pleasure from her. He parted her with his fingers, tasted and teased her with eager delight. He did things with his supple lips and long, strong tongue and gently scraping teeth that she’d never even imagined. Dimly, through the haze of her gathering climax, she recalled Quinn describing himself as “inventive.”

He raised his head. “I sure as heck am what?”

“I wasn’t talking to you.” She pushed his head down. “Don’t stop!”

Molly felt him chuckle as he pressed one last deep, intimate kiss to her drenched flesh. He moved with stunning speed and suddenly he was inside her, deep, deeper, and she could only thank heaven Quinn loved her because the wild, guttural sounds she was making might have scared off a less devoted man.

One of his hands cupped the back of her neck while the other slid under her bottom to lift her. Her body coiled tighter with each long, powerful thrust and suddenly her orgasm was within reach, hovering like some great bird—a swan, she thought—awaiting only the merest signal to alight and carry her off.

She smiled, and Quinn smiled, understanding, and he abandoned all restraint. She welcomed his rough, hammering strokes, met them, matched them. The swan touched down and she took wing with it, soaring out of herself even as an explosion of sensation rocked the deepest core of her.

Afterward they lay in a torpid heap, their hearts galloping in tandem. Molly sighed, a deep, cleansing exhalation. She stroked Quinn’s back and kissed his closed eyelids. He emitted a satisfied little grunt and offered a blind kiss that landed on the side of her nose.

Something wet plopped in her eye and she blinked. She felt a drop on her arm and one on her foot. “Quinn, it’s raining.”

He responded with an incoherent mumble. She tried to lever herself up, but the deadweight on top of her wasn’t budging. She pushed at him, chuckling. “Quinn! It’s starting to rain. Get up.”

His eyes drifted open and he smiled lazily, and she wondered if anything had ever looked as sinfully provocative as this man’s smile. Even when those first few drops turned into a steady light rainfall, he resisted her attempts to rise.

“You should be more laid-back, like me,” he drawled, pinning her arms as she laughed helplessly, squeezing her eyes shut against the rain.

Abruptly he came up on one elbow. “Oh, no.”

“What?”

“We didn’t use anything.”

“Oh. Wow. I didn’t even think about it.”

“Me, neither. That’s never happened to me before, Molly, that I got so carried away I forgot protection.”

“Well, at least it’s not my fertile time.”

He kissed her and got up, gathering their clothes. “There’s no time that’s a hundred percent safe. I’m sorry.” He pulled on his underwear and chinos, his expression thoughtful. “I wouldn’t be, though. If you got pregnant. Sorry, I mean.” He sighed. “I’m not saying this very well.”

Molly went to him half-dressed, heedless of the cold rain. She held his face in both hands and made him look at her. “You’re saying it just fine, Quinn.” She brushed her thumb over his lips and he kissed it. “I love you and you love me. How could a child of ours be anything but a blessing?”

He stroked her bare upper arms. “I didn’t mean to lay this on you so soon. Didn’t want to scare you off.” He took a deep breath. His hands tightened on her arms. “I want to marry you, Molly.”

Her heart swelled, stinging her eyes, stealing her voice.

He said, “I know you were burned once. I won’t rush you.” He smiled and tenderly touched her belly. “As long as there’s no reason to. But those are my intentions. You have a right to know.”

She opened her mouth to speak.

“And before you ask,” he said, “I’m not signing any prenup, so don’t even think about it.”

“What, I’m supposed to trust you with my vast holdings?”

“I’ve discovered I’m kind of old-fashioned when it comes to marriage. For better or for worse, we’re in it together. Besides, a prenup might backfire on me.” He gave her a wry grin. “After all, you’re the one who’s gainfully employed.”

“No job yet?”

“I’ve only been at it a few days. I’ve gotten a couple of good leads, but nothing solid.” He pulled his sweatshirt down over his rain-soaked head. “What a pompous jerk I was, preaching at you about your money situation, and here you manage to nail this fabulous position without setting foot off the Cape.”

“I recall a ferry ride to Nantucket.”

“Are you always so literal?”

She snarled in frustration, trying to push her arms into her rain-soaked shirtsleeves.

“Don’t bother,” Quinn said, commandeering the shirt and enveloping her in the damp, gritty blanket. “It wouldn’t stay on for long, anyway.” He slid his feet into the deck shoes and wrapped an arm around her back.

They retraced their way down the rain-washed beach and trudged up the sandy incline to the parking lot. The house came into view, the windows of the top floor glowing in welcome. On impulse Molly made a dash for it, leaving Quinn holding the blanket.

Naked from the waist up, she sprinted through the parking lot and straight down the middle of the road, laughing at Quinn’s outraged bellow as he raced to overtake her with the blanket. As if anyone were likely to see her bare bosom in the rain-drenched middle of the night!

She stopped and did a little victory dance right there in the center of the road, twirling in the rain, whooping with glee. Quinn didn’t bother with the blanket, he simply slung her over his shoulder and marched across the yard, gravely enumerating those parts of her that were for his eyes only, now that they were engaged.

“We are?” she asked the small of his back, not quite ready to agree and put him out of his misery, eagerly anticipating days or even weeks of Quinn’s inventive brand of persuasion.

He kicked open the front door and stalked up the stairs. “Practically engaged, then. Close enough.”

Mellow Molly decided she was going to enjoy spending the rest of her life scandalizing the man with the gigolo eyes.

