I'm here for you, and I always will be. "I turned around inside his embrace and looked into the same eyes that only hours ago had been closed forever.And yet, here before me, he stood seemingly alive and breathing."How can this be?"I pleaded."I saw you in the casket this morning and you were dead. "He placed my head on his chest and I heard the rhythm of his heart."I'm sorry you had to find out like this.Forgive me, its my fault, I should have told you before, but I was afraid. "He stopped and seemed to be searching for the right words."What do you have to be afraid of?"I asked.His eyes were covered with adoration."I was afraid of losing you. "he sighed, "I thought if I told you I had been in love with Adriana, you would surely leave me. "Our thoughts were the same on that matter."So you're not a ghost?"I said aloud.He stepped back and laughed."You thought I was a ghost?"He smiled at me."I've been called a great many things, but never before a ghost. "He moved to the window beside me, and looked out into the night."Do you remember when I said, we have something in common that's very special?"I inclined my head."I also have an identical twin.Or I should say had.A brother named Trent. "I was stunned by this new information.Then I recalled the name mentioned at the funeral of the brother that never came."My brother," he continued, "was living abroad in France.He had come out to visit me for Thanksgiving.While he was here, he discovered about my relationship with a married woman.He was quite incensed, and wanted me to stop seeing her. "Jordan paused for a moment, looking deep in thought."What he didn't know, was that she loved me before Sebastian blinded her with all his wealth. "There was the sound of disgust in his tone."He threatened if I didn't end my affair that he would go and speak with Sebastian himself.Unfortunately, I didn't take him seriously.And the next day I found their bodies on the shore below the cliffs. "Jordan covered his eyes and shook with remorse."This was my fault, Laura.They would both be alive if I had done the right thing. "I put my arms around Jordan, trying to comfort him.Then a picture came together in my mind like a giant jigsaw puzzle.And then all at once I understood."I have this ability," I explained, "to see the history of a person or object just by touching them.Sebastian had already known about you from reading my sister's journal, and there's nothing you could have been done to prevent that.When he saw Trent, he thought it was you.But your brother's death was an accident.He tripped and fell, and when my sister reached out to save him, she went with him. "Jordan took me in his arms and wept.His loss of Adriana and Trent were tremendous, but the guilt he must have felt was beyond anything I could comprehend."A part of me died with your sister," he began."There was nothing for me anymore; nowhere to call home.The beach was the only place, the last place that reminded me of her.I banished myself in exile for the sins I had committed.My prison was the empty lighthouse.I locked myself away there, sleeping during the day.And in the night I waited on the beach for her to come back to me. "Suddenly his eyes were upon me."And then you came, with her body and likeness, and I believed God had been given a second chance, that He had heard my cries and had forgiven me.To be honest, the first time I saw you wandering along the shore, I thought her spirit had come back to me.But when you introduced yourself, I realized that you were her twin sister.She often spoke of you, Laura.How much she loved and missed you. "I didn't know how many times my heart had been broken today.But I saw that Jordan was also broken, perhaps more than I could ever be.His face was stained with sorrow.I wished there was something I could do to help him.He sat down on my bed, pulling me with him."Laura, I didn't think it would be possible to love again, but I have fallen for you, so fast, so far and so deep. "A thrill shuddered through my body.All of my life, I dreamed of something like this.Someone to hold me, protect me and love me.In all of my dreams, nothing could have come close to this beautiful and lonely man before me."I still don't understand a few things. "I sighed."What things?"he asked."The night I first met you, Cassandra never saw you from her window. ""And I never saw her," he replied, "because you were standing between us. ""And she wasn't wearing her glasses. "I added."But how did you disappear from this room?"Jordan grinned mischievously."I didn't. "he confided.Then standing up he quietly rolled himself under my bed.I laughed at this."But how did you get inside the house in the first place?""That was easy. "he admitted standing up again.Theres a window at the end of the hall that has a broken latch.Adriana and I would secretly meet here when Sebastian was away.  ""Now see what you've done?"I demanded."Youve robbed me of all this magic and mystery, so what's left?"He encircled his arms around my waist and kissed me eagerly."You have me, and my love. "Jordan promised."And there's one other thing you should know, and for this you should be sitting down. "I didn't think it would be possible to be surprised any further, but I was wrong.We both sat down on the bed and I waited expectantly."The other reason I stayed in the lighthouse was because I couldn't leave her. "He pointed at the ceiling."Cassandra" I surmised with puzzlement.He inclined his head."I could never leave her, because she is my daughter. "Now it was my turn to be shocked.My mouth must have dropped open, since Jordan looked so amused."I had that same reaction when Adriana told me a few months ago.We were still seeing each other just before she married Sebastian.And the night before her death, she promised to tell him the truth. ""So that's why Sebastian abandoned his daughter. "I concluded."When did he leave?""He went back to North Carolina last week. "Then I looked at him curiously."Why didn't she tell you the truth sooner?""Adriana said that she didn't want to hurt me. ""Hurt you?"I repeated."That was an utterly selfish for her to do.And as her sister, we may have shared a great many things, but I've never been attracted by wealth.It angers me that she could be so easily lured away by such foolishness.If it was me, I would never leave... "My words stopped in midsentence.Jordan's face was beaming as he knew what I was about to say."You would never leave me?"he prompted.After a short time I nodded."I've never been in love before, so I wasn't sure what I was feeling for you. ""So I am your first?"he asked."You are my only. "I confessed.He got up to lock the door and then returned to my bed and lay down beside me.Taking my face in his hands, he caressed his lips over my mouth.And for the first time we made love.It was something truly magical that I will never forget.And now you're probably wondering about the rest of my story.Well, it did have a happy ending.Both of us had lost the missing half of our lives over the edge of Eternity.Now we could resume the other half of our lives by uniting our souls together in love.In the days that followed, Jordan asked for my hand in marriage and I accepted.Now that Cassandra had a new mother and father, her mysterious friend had conveniently disappeared.The following March, we left Maryvale on a train heading north, looking forward to a promising future raising our daughter together.           