Doesn't spoil my figure.These  " She glanced down at her lovelies."I don't wet nurse them, I never see them.So I look nulliparous and younger than I am, maybe."But I didn't know how well it suited me when I first heard of it.I was clerking in a Hindu shop, eating money, no more, when I saw this ad in the Hong Kong Gong.It was the thought of having a baby, a good baby, that hooked me; I was still in emotional trauma from my monster  and it turned out to be Just what Wyoming needed.I stopped feeling that I was a failure as a woman.I made more money than I could ever hope to earn at other jobs.And my time almost to myself; having a baby hardly slows me down  six weeks at most and that long only because I want to be fair to my clients; a baby is a valuable property.And I was soon in politics; I sounded off and the underground got in touch with me.That's when I started living, Mannie; I studied politics and economics and history and learned to speak in public and turned out to have a flair for organization.It's satisfying work because I believe in it  I know that Luna will be free.Only   Well, it would be nice to have a husband to come home to...if he didn't mind that I was sterile.But I don't think about it; I'm too busy.Hearing about your nice family got me talking, that's all.I must apologize for having bored you. "How many women apologize?But Wyoh was more man than woman some ways, despite eight Chinee babies."Wasn't bored. ""I hope not.Mannie, why do you say our program isn't practical?We need you. "Suddenly felt tired.How to tell lovely woman dearest dream is nonsense?"Um.Wyoh, let's start over.You told them what to do.But will they?Take those two you singled out.All that iceman knows, bet anything, is how to dig ice.So he'll go on digging and selling to Authority because that's what he can do.Same for wheat farmer.Years ago, he put in one cash crop   now he's got ring in nose.If he wanted to be independent, would have diversified.Raised what he eats, sold rest free market and stayed away from catapult head.I know  I'm a farm boy. ""You said you were a computerman. ""Am, and that's a piece of same picture.I'm not a top computerman.But best in Luna.I won't go civil service, so Authority has to hire me when in trouble  my prices  or send Earthside, pay risk and hardship, then ship him back fast before his body forgets Terra.At far more than I charge.So if I can do it, I get their jobs  and Authority can't touch me; was born free.And if no work  usually is  I stay home and eat high."We've got a proper farm, not a one cash crop deal.Chickens.Small herd of whiteface, plus milch cows.Pigs.Mutated fruit trees.Vegetables.A little wheat and grind it ourselves and don't insist on white flour, and sell  free market  what's left.Make own beer and brandy.I learned drillman extending our tunnels.Everybody works, not too hard.Kids make cattle take exercise by switching them along; don't use tread mill.Kids gather eggs and feed chickens, don't use much machinery.Air we can buy from L City  aren't far out of town and pressure tunnel connected.But more often we sell air; being farm, cycle shows Oh two excess.Always have valuta to meet bills. ""How about water and power?""Not expensive.We collect some power, sunshine screens on surface, and have a little pocket of ice.Wye, our farm was founded before year two thousand, when L City was one natural cave, and we've kept improving it  advantage of line marriage; doesn't die and capital improvements add up. ""But surely your ice won't last forever?""Well, now  " I scratched head and grinned."We're careful; we keep our sewage and garbage and sterilize and use it.Never put a drop back into city system.But  don't tell Warden, dear, but back when Greg was teaching me to drill, we happened to drill into bottom of main south reservoir  and had a tap with us, spilled hardly a drop.But we do buy some metered water, looks better  and ice pocket accounts for not buying much.As for power  well, power is even easier to steal.I'm a good electrician, Wyoh. ""Oh, wonderful!"Wyoming paid me a long whistle and looked delighted."Everybody should do that!""Hope not, would show.Let 'em think up own ways to outwit Authority; our family always has.But back to your plan, Wyoh: two things wrong.Never get 'solidarity'; blokes like Hauser would cave in  because they are in a trap; can't hold out.Second place, suppose you managed it.Solidarity.So solid not a tonne of grain is delivered to catapult head.Forget ice; it's grain that makes Authority important and not just neutral agency it was set up to be.No grain.What happens?""Why, they have to negotiate a fair price, that's what!""My dear, you and your comrades listen to each other too much.Authority would call it rebellion and warship would orbit with bombs earmarked for L City and Hong Kong and Tycho Under and Churchill and Novylen, troops would land, grain barges would lift, under guard  and farmers would break necks to cooperate.Terra has guns and power and bombs and ships and won't hold still for trouble from ex cons.And troublemakers like you  and me; with you in spirit  us lousy troublemakers will be rounded up and eliminated, teach us a lesson.And earthworms would say we had it coming...because our side would never be heard.Not on Terra. "Wyoh looked stubborn."Revolutions have succeeded before.Lenin had only a handful with him. ""Lenin moved in on a power vacuum.Wye, correct me if I'm wrong.Revolutions succeeded when  only when  governments had gone rotten soft, or disappeared. ""Not true!The American Revolution. ""South lost, nyet?"Not that one, the one a century earlier.They had the sort of troubles with England that we are having now  and they won!""Oh, that one.But wasn't England in trouble?France, and Spain, and Sweden  or maybe Holland?And Ireland.Ireland was rebelling; O'Kellys were in it.Wyoh, if you can stir trouble on Terra  say a war between Great China and North American Directorate, maybe PanAfrica lobbing bombs at Europe, I'd say was wizard time to kill Warden and tell Authority it's through.Not today. ""You're a pessimist. ""Nyet, realist.Never pessimist.Too much Loonie not to bet if any chance.Show me chances no worse then ten to one against and I'll go for broke.But want that one chance in ten. "I pushed back chair."Through eating?""Yes.Bolshoyeh spasebaw, tovarishch.It was grand!""My pleasure.Move to couch and I'll rid of table and dishes,   no, can't help; I'm host. "I cleared table, sent up dishes, saving coffee and vodka, folded table, racked chairs, turned to speak.She was sprawled on couch, asleep, mouth open and face softened into little girl.Went quietly into bath and closed door.After a scrubbing I felt better  washed tights first and were dry and fit to put on by time I quit lazing in tub  don't care when world ends long as I'm bathed and in clean clothes.Wyoh was still asleep, which made problem.Had taken room with two beds so she would not feel I was trying to talk her into bundling  not that I was against it but she had made clear she was opposed.But my bed had to be made from couch and proper bed was folded away.Should I rig it out softly, pick her up like limp baby and move her?Went back into bath and put on arm.Then decided to wait.Phone had hush hood.Wyoh seemed unlikely to wake, and things were gnawing me.I sat down at phone, lowered hood, punched "MYCROFTXXX. ""Hi, Mike. ""Hello, Man.Have you surveyed those jokes?""What?Mike, haven't had a minute  and a minute may be a long time to you but it's short to me.I'll get at it as fast as I can. ""Okay, Man.Have you found a not stupid for me to talk with?""Haven't had time for that, either.Uh...wait. "I looked out through hood at Wyoming."Not stupid" in this case meant empathy...Wyoh had plenty.Enough to be friendly with a machine?I thought so.And could be trusted; not only had we shared trouble but she was a subversive."Mike, would you like to talk with a girl?""Girls are not stupid?""Some girls are very not stupid, Mike. ""I would like to talk with a not stupid girl, Man. ""I'll try to arrange.But now I'm in trouble and need your help. ""I will help, Man. ""Thanks, Mike.I want to call my home  but not ordinary way.You know sometimes calls are monitored, and if Warden orders it, lock can be put on so that circuit can be traced. ""Man, you wish me to monitor your call to your home and put a lock and trace on it?I must inform you that I already know your home call number and the number from which you are calling. ""No, no!Don't want it monitored, don't want it locked and traced.Can you call my home, connect me, and control circuit so that it can't be monitored, can't be locked, can't be traced  even if somebody has programmed just that?Can you do it so that they won't even know their program is bypassed?"Mike hesitated.I suppose it was a question never asked and he had to trace a few thousand possibilities to see if his control of system permitted this novel program."Man, I can do that.I will. ""Good!Uh, program signal.If I want this sort of connection in future, I'll ask for 'Sherlock. '""Noted.Sherlock was my brother. "Year before, I had explained to Mike how he got his name.Thereafter he read all Sherlock Holmes stories, scanning film in Luna City Carnegie Library.Don't know how he rationalized relationship; I hesitated to ask."Fine!Give me a 'Sherlock' to my home. "A moment later I said, "Mum?This is your favorite husband. "She answered, "Manuel!Are you in trouble again?"I love Mum more than any other woman including my other wives, but she never stopped bringing me up  Bog willing, she never will.I tried to sound hurt."Me?Why, you know me, Mum. ""I do indeed.Since you are not in trouble, perhaps you can tell me why Professor de la Paz is so anxious to get in touch with you  he has called three times  and why he wants to reach some woman with unlikely name of Wyoming Knott  and why he thinks you might be with her?Have you taken a bundling companion, Manuel, without telling me?We have freedom in our family, dear, but you know that I prefer to be told.So that I will not be taken unawares. "Mum was always jealous of all women but her co wives and never, never, never admitted it.I said, "Mum, Bog strike me dead, I have not taken a bundling companion. ""Very well.You've always been a truthful boy, Now what's this mystery?""I'll have to ask Professor. "(Not lie, just tight squeeze. )"Did he leave number?""No, he said he was calling from a public phone. ""Um.If he calls again, ask him to leave number and time I can reach him.This is public phone, too. "(Another tight squeeze. )"In meantime   You listened to late news?""You know I do. ""Anything?""Nothing of interest. ""No excitement in L City?Killings, riots, anything?""Why, no.There was a set duel in Bottom Alley but   Manuel!Have you killed someone?""No, Mum. "(Breaking a man's jaw will not kill him. )She sighed."You'll be my death, dear.You know what I've always told you.In our family we do not brawl.Should a killing be necessary  it almost never is  matters must be discussed calmly, en famille, and proper action selected.If a new chum must be eliminated, other people know it.It is worth a little delay to hold good opinion and support  "  "Mum!Haven't killed anybody, don't intend to.And know that lecture by heart. ""Please be civil, dear. ""I'm sorry. ""Forgiven.Forgotten.I'm to tell Professor de la Paz to leave a number.I shall. ""One thing.Forget name 'Wyoming Knott. 'Forget Professor was asking for me.If a stranger phones or calls in person, and asks anything about me, you haven't heard from me, don't know where I am...think I've gone to Novylen.That goes for rest of family, too.Answer no questions  especially from anybody connected with Warden. ""As if I would!Manuel you are in trouble!""Not much and getting it fixed. "hoped!"Tell you when I get home.Can't talk now.Love you.Switching off. ""I love you, dear.Sp'coynoynauchi. ""Thanks and you have a quiet night, too.Off. "Mum is wonderful.She was shipped up to The Rock long ago for carving a man under circumstances that left grave doubts as to girlish innocence  and has been opposed to violence and loose living ever since.Unless necessary  she's no fanatic.Bet she was a jet job as a kid and wish I'd known her  but I'm rich in sharing last half of her life.I called Mike back."Do you know Professor Bernardo de la Paz's voice?""I do, Man. ""Well...you might monitor as many phones in Luna City as you can spare ears for and if you hear him, let me know.Public phones especially. "(A full two seconds' delay   Was giving Mike problems he had never had, think he liked it. )"I can check monitor long enough to identify at all public phones in Luna City.Shall I use random search on the others, Man?""Um.Don't overload.Keep an ear on his home phone and school phone. ""Program set up. ""Mike, you are best friend I ever had. ""That is not a joke, Man?""No joke.Truth. ""I am   Correction: I am honored and pleased.You are my best friend, Man, for you are my only friend.No comparison is logically permissible. ""Going to see that you have other friends.Not stupids, I mean.Mike?Got an empty memory bank?""Yes, Man.Ten to the eighth bits capacity. ""Good!Will you block it so that only you and I can use it?Can you?""Can and will.Block signal, please. ""Uh...Bastille Day. "Was my birthday, as Professor de la Paz had told me years earlier."Permanently blocked. ""Fine.Got a recording to put in it.But first   Have you finished setting copy for tomorrow's Daily Lunatic?""Yes, Man. ""Anything about meeting in Stilyagi Hall?""No, Man. ""Nothing in news services going out city?Or riots?""No, Man. ""'"Curiouser and curiouser," said Alice. 'Okay, record this under 'Bastille Day,' then think about it.But for Bog's sake don't let even your thoughts go outside that block, nor anything I say about it!""Man my only friend," he answered and voice sounded diffident, "many months ago I decided to place any conversation between you and me under privacy block accessible only to you.I decided to erase none and moved them from temporary storage to permanent.So that I could play them over, and over, and over, and think about them.Did I do right?""Perfect.And, Mike  I'm flattered. ""P'jal'st.My temporary files were getting full and I learned that I needed not to erase your words. ""Well   'Bastille Day. 'Sound coming at sixty to one. "I took little recorder, placed close to a microphone and let it zip squeal.Had an hour and a half in it; went silent in ninety seconds or so."That's all, Mike.Talk to you tomorrow. ""Good night, Manuel Garcia O'Kelly my only friend. "I switched off and raised hood.Wyoming was sitting up and looking troubled."Did someone call?Or... ""No trouble.Was talking to one of my best  and most trustworthy  friends.Wyoh, are you stupid?"She looked startled."I've sometimes thought so.Is that a joke?""No.If you're not stupid, I'd like to introduce you to him.Speaking of jokes   Do you have a sense of humor?""Certainly I have!"is what Wyoming did not answer  and any other woman would as a locked in program.She blinked thoughtfully and said, "You'll have to judge for yourself, cobber.I have something I use for one.It serves my simple purposes. ""Fine. "I dug into pouch, found print roll of one hundred "funny" stories."Read.Tell me which are funny, which are not  and which get a giggle first time but are cold pancakes without honey to hear twice. ""Manuel, you may be.the oddest man I've ever met. "She took that print out."Say, is this computer paper?""Yes.Met a computer with a sense of humor. ""So?Well, it was bound to come some day.Everything else has been mechanized. "I gave proper response and added "Everything?"She looked up."Please.Don't whistle while I'm reading. "4   Heard her giggle a few times while I rigged out bed and made it.Then sat down by her, took end she was through with and started reading.Chuckled a time or two but a joke isn't too funny to me if read cold, even when I see it could be fission job at proper time.I got more interested in how Wyoh rated them.She was marking "plus," "minus," and sometimes question mark, and plus stories were marked "once" or "always"  few were marked "always. "I put my ratings under hers.Didn't disagree too often.By time I was near end she was looking over my judgments.We finished together."Well?"I said."What do you think?""I think you have a crude, rude mind and it's a wonder your wives put up with you. ""Mum often says so.But how about yourself, Wyoh?You marked plusses on some that would make a slot machine girl blush. "She grinned."Da.Don't tell anybody; publicly I'm a dedicated party organizer above such things.Have you decided that I have a sense of humor?""Not sure.Why a minus on number seventeen?""Which one is that?"She reversed roll and found it."Why, any woman would have done the same!It's not funny, it's simply necessary. ""Yes, but think how silly she looked. ""Nothing silly about it.Just sad.And look here.You thought this one was not funny.Number fifty one. "Neither reversed any judgments but I saw a pattern: Disagreements were over stories concerning oldest funny subject.Told her so.She nodded."Of course.I saw that.Never mind, Mannie dear; I long ago quit being disappointed in men for what they are not and never can be. "I decided to drop it.Instead told her about Mike.Soon she said, "Mannie, you're telling me that this computer is alive?""What do you mean?'I answered."He doesn't sweat, or go to W. C.  But can think and talk and he's aware of himself.Is he 'alive'?""I'm not sure what I mean by 'alive,'" she admitted."There's a scientific definition, isn't there?Irritability, or some such.And reproduction. ""Mike is irritable and can be irritating.As for reproducing, not designed for it but  yes, given time and materials and very special help, Mike could reproduce himself. ""I need very special help, too," Wyoh answered, "since I'm sterile.And it takes me ten whole lunars and many kilograms of the best materials.But I make good babies.Mannie, why shouldn't a machine be alive?I've always felt they were.Some of them wait for a chance to savage you in a tender spot. ""Mike wouldn't do that.Not on purpose, no meanness in him.But he likes to play jokes and one might go wrong  like a puppy who doesn't know he's biting.He's ignorant No, not ignorant, he knows enormously more than I, or you, or any man who ever lived.Yet he doesn't know anything. ""Better repeat that.I missed something. "I tried to explain.How Mike knew almost every book in Luna, could read at least a thousand times as fast as we could and never forget anything unless he chose to erase, how he could reason with perfect logic, or make shrewd guesses from insufficient data...and yet not know anything about how to be "alive. "She interrupted."I scan it.You're saying he's smart and knows a lot but is not sophisticated.Like a new chum when he grounds on The Rock.Back Eartbside he might be a professor with a string of degrees...but here he's a baby. ""That's it.Mike is a baby with a long string of degrees.Ask how much water and what chemicals and how much photoflux it takes to crop fifty thousand tonnes of wheat and he'll tell you without stopping for breath.But can't tell if a joke is funny,"  "I thought most of these were fairly good. ""They're ones he's heard  read  and were marked jokes so he filed them that way.But doesn't understand them because he's never been a  a people.Lately he's been trying to make up jokes.Feeble, very. "I tried to explain Mike's pathetic attempts to be a "people. ""On top of that, he's lonely. ""Why, the poor thing!You'd be lonely, too, if you did nothing but work, work, work, study, study, study, and never anyone to visit with.Cruelty, that's what it is. "So I told about promise to find "not stupids. ""Would you chat with him, Wye?And not laugh when he makes funny mistakes?If you do, he shuts up and sulks. ""Of course I would, Mannie!Uh...once we get out of this mess.If it's safe for me to be in Luna City.Where is this poor little computer?City Engineering Central?I don't know my way around here. ""He's not in L City; he's halfway across Crisium.And you couldn't go down where he is; takes a pass from Warden.But  "  "Hold it!'Halfway across Crisium  ' Mannie, this computer is one of those at Authority Complex?""Mike isn't just 'one of those' computers," I answered, vexed on Mike's account."He's boss; he waves baton for all others.Others are just machines, extensions of Mike, like this is for me," I said, flexing hand of left arm."Mike controls them.He runs catapult personally, was his first job  catapult and ballistic radars.But he's logic for phone system, too, after they converted to Lunawide switching.Besides that, he's supervising logic for other systems. "Wyoh closed eyes and pressed fingers to temples."Mannie, does Mike hurt?""'Hurt?'No strain.Has time to read jokes. ""I don't mean that.I mean: Can he hurt?Feel pain?""What?No.Can get feelings hurt.But can't feel pain.Don't think he can.No, sure he can't, doesn't have receptors for pain.Why?"She covered eyes and said softly, "Bog help me. "Then looked up and said, "Don't you see, Mannie?You have a pass to go down where this computer is.But most Loonies can't even leave the tube at that station; it's for Authority employees only.Much less go inside the main computer room.I had to find out if it could feel pain because  well, because you got me feeling sorry for it, with your talk about how it was lonely!But, Mannie, do you realize what a few kilos of toluol plastic would do there?""Certainly do!"Was shocked and disgusted."Yes.We'll strike right after the explosion  and Luna will be free!Mmm...I'll get you explosives and fuses  but we can't move until we are organized to exploit it.Mannie, I've got to get out of here, I must risk it.I'll go put on makeup. "She started to get up.I shoved her down, with hard left hand.Surprised her, and surprised me  had not touched her in any way save necessary contact.Oh, different today, but was 2075 and touching a fem without her consent  plenty of lonely men to come to rescue and airlock never far away.As kids say, Judge Lynch never sleeps."Sit down, keep quiet!"I said."I know what a blast would do.Apparently you don't.Gospazha, am sorry to say this...but if came to choice, would eliminate you before would blow up Mike. "Wyoming did not get angry.Really was a man some ways  her years as a disciplined revolutionist I'm sure; she was all girl most ways."Mannie, you told me that Shorty Mkrum is dead. ""What?"Was confused by sharp turn."Yes.Has to be.One leg off at hip, it was; must have bled to death in two minutes.Even in a surgery amputation that high is touch and go. "(I know such things; had taken luck and big transfusions to save me  and an arm isn't in same class with what happened to Shorty. )"Shorty was," she said soberly, "my best friend here and one of my best friends anywhere.He was all that I admire in a man  loyal, honest, intelligent, gentle, and brave  and devoted to the Cause.But have you seen me grieving over him?""No.Too late to grieve. ""It's never too late for grief.I've grieved every instant since you told me.But I locked it in the back of my mind for the Cause leaves no time for grief.Mannie, if it would have bought freedom for Luna  or even been part of the price  I would have eliminated Shorty myself.Or you.Or myself.And yet you have qualms over blowing up a computer!""Not that at all!"(But was, in part.When a man dies, doesn't shock me too much; we get death sentences day we are born.But Mike was unique and no reason not to be immortal.Never mind "souls"  prove Mike did not have one.And if no soul, so much worse.No?Think twice,)  "Wyoming, what would happen if we blew up Mike?Tell. ""I don't know precisely.But it would cause a great deal of confusion and that's exactly what we  "  "Seal it.You don't know.Confusion, da.Phones out.Tubes stop running.Your town not much hurt; Kong Kong has own power.But L City and Novylen and other warrens all power stops.Total darkness.Shortly gets stuffy.Then temperature drops and pressure.Where's your p suit?""Checked at Tube Station West. ""So is mine.Think you can find way?In solid dark?In time?Not sure I can and I was born in this warren.With corridors filled with screaming people?Loonies are a tough mob; we have to be  but about one in ten goes off his cams in total  dark.Did you swap bottles for fresh charges or were you in too  much hurry?And will suit be there with thousands trying to find p suits and not caring who owns?""But aren't there emergency arrangements?There are in Hong Kong Luna. ""Some.Not enough.Control of anything essential to life should be decentralized and paralleled so that if one machine fails, another takes over.But costs money and as you pointed out, Authority doesn't care.Mike shouldn't have all jobs.But was cheaper to ship up master machine, stick deep in The Rock where couldn't get hurt, then keep adding capacity and loading on jobs  did you know Authority makes near as much gelt from leasing Mike's services as from trading meat and wheat?Does.Wyoming, not sure we would lose Luna City if Mike were blown up.Loonies are handy and might jury rig till automation could be restored.But I tell you true: Many people would die and rest too busy for politics. "I marveled it.This woman had been in The Rock almost all her life...yet could think of something as new choomish as wrecking engineering controls."Wyoming, if you were smart like you are beautiful, you wouldn't talk about blowing up Mike; you would think about how to get him on your side. ""What do you mean?"she said."The Warden controls the computers. ""Don't know what I mean," I admitted."But don't think Warden controls computers  wouldn't know a computer from a pile of rocks.Warden, or staff, decides policies, general plans.Half competent technicians program these into Mike.Mike sorts them, makes sense of them, plans detailed programs, parcels them out where they belong, keeps things moving.But nobody controls Mike; he's too smart.He carries out what is asked because that's how he's built.But he's selfprogramming logic, makes own decissions.And a good thing, because if he weren't smart, system would not work. ""I still don't see what you mean by 'getting him on our side. '""Oh.Mike doesn't feel loyalty to Warden.As you pointed out: He's a machine.But if I wanted to foul up phones without touching air or water or lights, I would talk to Mike.If it struck him funny, he might do it. ""Couldn't you just program it?I understood that you can get into the room where he is. ""If I  or anybody  programmed such an order into Mike without talking it over with him, program would be placed in 'hold' location and alarms would sound in many places.But if Mike wanted to  " I told her about cheque for umpteen jillion."Mike is still finding himself, Wyoh.And lonely.Told me I was 'his only friend'  and was so open and vulnerable I wanted to bawl.If you took pains to be his friend, too  without thinking of him as 'just a machine'  well, not sure what it would do, haven't analyzed it.But if I tried anything big and dangerous, would want Mike in my corner. "She said thoughtfully, "I wish there were some way for me to sneak into that room where he is.I don't suppose makeup would help?""Oh, don't have to go there.Mike is on phone.Shall we call him?"She stood up."Mannie, you are not only the oddest man I've met; you are the most exasperating.What's his number?""Comes from associating too much with a computer. "I went to phone."Just one thing, Wyoh.You get what you want out of a man just by batting eyes and undulating framework. ""Well...sometimes.But I do have a brain. ""Use it.Mike is not a man.No gonads.No hormones.No instincts.Use fem tactics and it's a null signal.Think of him as supergenius child too young to notice vive la difference. ""I'll remember.Mannie, why do you call him 'he'?""Uh, can't call him 'it,' don't think of him as 'she. '""Perhaps I had better think of him as 'she. 'Of her as 'she' I mean. ""Suit yourself. "I punched MYCROFFXXX, standing so body shielded it; was not ready to share number till I saw how thing went.Idea of blowing up Mike had shaken me."Mike?""Hello, Man my only friend. ""May not be only friend from now on, Mike.Want you to meet somebody.Not stupid. ""I knew you were not alone, Man; I can hear breathing.Will you please ask Not Stupid to move closer to the phone?"Wyoming looked panicky.She whispered, "Can he see?""No, Not Stupid, I cannot see you; this phone has no video circuit.But binaural microphonic receptors place you with some accuracy.From your voice, your breathing, your heartbeat, and the fact that you are alone in a bundling room with a mature male I extrapolate that you are female human, sixtyfive plus kilos in mass, and of mature years, on the close order of thirty. "Wyoming gasped.I cut in."Mike, her name is Wyoming Knott. ""I'm very pleased to meet you, Mike.You can call me 'Wye. '""Why not?"Mike answered.I cut in again."Mike, was that a joke?""Yes, Man.I noted that her first name as shortened differs from the English causation inquiry word by only an aspiration and that her last name has the same sound as the general negator.A pun.Not funny?"Wyoh said, "Quite funny, Mike.I  "  I waved to her to shut up."A good pun, Mike.Example of 'funny only once' class of joke.Funny through element of surprise.Second time, no surprise; therefore not funny.Check?""I had tentatively reached that conclusion about puns in thinking over your remarks two conversations back.I am pleased to find my reasoning confirmed. ""Good boy, Mike; making progress.Those hundred jokes  I've read them and so has Wyoh. ""Wyoh?Wyoming Knott?""Huh?Oh, sure.Wyoh, Wye, Wyoming, Wyoming Knott  all same.Just don't call her 'Why not'. ""I agreed not to use that pun again, Man.Gospazha, shall I call you 'Wyoh' rather than 'Wye'?I conjecture that the monosyllabic form could be confused with the causation inquiry monosyllable through insufficient redundancy and without intention of punning. "Wyoming blinked  Mike's English at that time could be smothering  but came back strong."Certainly, Mike.'Wyoh' is the form of my name that I like best. ""Then I shall use it.The full form of your first name is still more subject to misinterpretation as it is identical in sound with the name of an administrative region in Northwest Managerial Area of the North American Directorate. ""I know, I was born there and my parents named me after the State.I don't remember much about it. ""Wyoh, I regret that this circuit does not permit display of pictures.Wyoming is a rectangular area lying between Terran coordinates forty one and forty five degrees north, one hundred four degrees three minutes west and one hundred eleven degrees three minutes west, thus containing two hundred fifty three thousand, five hundred ninety seven point two six square kilometers.It is a region of high plains and of mountains, having limited fertility but esteemed for natural beauty.Its population was sparse until augmented through the relocation subplan of the Great New York Urban Renewal Program, A. D.  twenty twenty five through twenty thirty. ""That was before I was born," said Wyoh, "but I know about it; my grandparents were relocated  and you could say that's how I wound up in Luna. ""Shall I continue about the area named 'Wyoming'?"Mike asked."No, Mike," I cut in, "you probably have hours of it in storage. ""Nine point seven three hours at speech speed not including cross references, Man. ""Was afraid so.Perhaps Wyoh will want it some day.But purpose of call is to get you acquainted with this Wyoming...who happens also to be a high region of natural beauty and imposing mountains. ""And limited fertility," added Wyoh."Mannie, if you are going to draw silly parallels, you should include that one.Mike isn't interested in how I look. ""How do you know?Mike, wish I could show you picture of her. ""Wyoh, I am indeed interested in your appearance; I am hoping that you will be my friend.But I have seen several pictures of you. ""You have?When and how?""I searched and then studied them as soon as I heard your name.I am contract custodian of the archive files of the Birth Assistance Clinic in Hong Kong Luna.In addition to biological and physiological data and case histories the bank contains ninety six pictures of you.So I studied them. "Wyoh looked very startled."Mike can do that," I explained, "in time it takes us to hiccup.You'll get used to it. ""But heavens!Mannie, do you realize what sort of pictures the Clinic takes?""Hadn't thought about it. ""Then don't!Goodness!"Mike spoke in voice painfully shy, embarrassed as a puppy who has made mistakes."Gospazha Wyoh, if I have offended, it was unintentional and I am most sorry.I can erase those pictures from my temporary storage and key the Clinic archive so that I can look at them only on retrieval demand from the Clinic and then without association or mentation.Shall I do so?""He can," I assured her."With Mike you can always make a fresh start  better than humans that way.He can forget so completely that he can't be tempted to look later...and couldn't think about them even if called on to retrieve.So take his offer if you're in a huhu. ""Uh...no, Mike, it's all right for you to see them.But don't show them to Mannie!"Mike hesitated a long time  four seconds or more.Was, I think, type of dilemma that pushes lesser computers into nervous breakdowns.But he resolved it."Man my only friend, shall I accept this instruction?""Program it, Mike," I answered, "and lock it in.But, Wyoh, isn't that a narrow attitude?One might do you justice.Mike could print it out for me next time I'm there. ""The first example in each series," Mike offered, "would be, on the basis of my associational analyses of such data, of such pulchritudinous value as to please any healthy, mature human male. ""How about it, Wyoh?To pay for apleistrudel. ""Uh...a picture of me with my hair pinned up in a towel and standing in front of a grid without a trace of makeup?Are you out of your rock happy mind?Mike, don't let him have it!""I shall not let him have it.Man, this is a not stupid?""For a girl, yes.Girls are interesting, Mike; they can reach conclusions with even less data than you can.Shall we drop subject and consider jokes?"That diverted them.We ran down list, giving our conclusions.Then tried to explain jokes Mike had failed to understand.With mixed success.But real stumbler turned out to be stories I had marked "funny" and Wyoh had judged "not" or vice versa; Wyoh asked Mike his opinion of each.Wish she had asked him before we gave our opinions; that electronic juvenile delinquent always agreed with her, disagreed with me.Were those Mike's honest opinions?Or was he trying to lubricate new acquaintance into friendship?Or was it his skewed notion of humor  joke on me?Didn't ask.But as pattern completed Wyob wrote a note on phone's memo pad: "Mannie, re   17, 51, 53, 87, 90, & 99  Mike is a she!"I let it go with a shrug, stood up."Mike, twenty two hours since I've had sleep.You kids chat as long as you want to.Call you tomorrow. ""Goodnight, Man.Sleep well.Wyoh, are you sleepy?""No, Mike, I had a nap.But, Mannie, we'll keep you awake.No?""No.When I'm sleepy, I sleep. "Started making couch into bed.Wyoh said, "Excuse me, Mike," got up, took sheet out of my hands."I'll make it up later.You doss over there, tovarishch; you're bigger than I am.Sprawl out. "Was too tired to argue, sprawled out, asleep at once.Seem to remember hearing in sleep giggles and a shriek but never woke enough to be certain.Woke up later and came fully awake when I realized was hearing two fem voices, one Wyoh's warm contralto, other a sweet, high soprano with French accent.Wyoh chuckled at something and answered, "All right, Michelle dear, I'll call you soon.'Night, darling. ""Fine.Goodnight, dear. "Wyoh stood up, turned around."Who's your girl friend?"I asked.Thought she knew no one in Luna City.Might have phoned Hong Kong...had sleep logged feeling was some reason she shouldn't phone."That?Why, Mike, of course.We didn't mean to wake you. ""What?""Oh.It was actually Michelle.I discussed it with Mike, what sex he was, I mean.He decided that he could be either one.So now she's Michelle and that was her voice.Got it right the first time, too; her voice never cracked once. ""Of course not; just shifted voder a couple of octaves.What are you trying to do: split his personality?""It's not just pitch; when she's Michelle its an entire change in manner and attitude.Don't worry about splitting her personality; she has plenty for any personality she needs.Besides, Mannie, it's much easier for both of us.Once she shifted, we took our hair down and cuddled up and talked girl talk as if we had known each other forever.For example, those silly pictures no longer embarrassed me  in fact we discussed my pregnancies quite a lot.Michelle was terribly interested.She knows all about O. B.  and G. Y.  and so forth but just theory  and she appreciated the raw facts.Actually, Mannie, Michelle is much more a woman than Mike was a man. ""Well...suppose it's okay.Going to be a shock to me first time I call Mike and a woman answers. ""Oh, but she won't!""Huh?""Michelle is my friend.When you call, you'll get Mike.She gave me a number to keep it straight  'Michelle' spelled with a Y.  M Y, C, H, E, L, L, E, and Y, Y, Y make it come out ten. "I felt vaguely jealous while realizing it was silly.Suddenly Wyoh giggled."And she told me a string of new jokes, ones you wouldn't think were funny  and, boy, does she know rough ones!""Mike  or his sister Michelle  is a low creature.Let's make up couch.I'll switch. ""Stay where you are.Shut up.Turn over.Go back to sleep. "I shut up, turned over, went back to sleep.Sometime much later I became aware of "married" feeling  something warm snuggled up to my back.Would not have wakened but she was sobbing softly.I turned and got her head on my arm, did not speak.She stopped sobbing; presently breathing became slow and even.I went back to sleep.5   We must have slept like dead for next thing I knew phone was sounding and its light was blinking.I called for room lights, started to get up, found a load on right upper arm, dumped it gently, climbed over, answered.Mike said, "Good morning, Man.Professor de la Paz is talking to your home number. ""Can you switch it here?As a 'Sherlock'?""Certainly, Man. ""Don't interrupt call.Cut him in as he switches off.Where is he?""A public phone in a taproom called The Iceman's Wife underneath the  "  "I know.Mike, when you switch me in, can you stay in circuit?Want you to monitor. ""It shall be done. ""Can you tell if anyone is in earshot?Hear breathing?""I infer from the anechoic quality of his voice that he is speaking under a hush hood.But I infer also that, in a taproom, others would be present.Do you wish to hear, Man?""Uh, do that.Switch me in.And if he raises hood, tell me.You're a smart cobber, Mike. ""Thank you, Man. "Mike cut me in; I found that Mum was talking: "  ly I'll tell him, Professor.I'm so sorry that Manuel is not home.There is no number you can gave me?He is anxious to return your call; he made quite a point that I was to be sure to get a number from you. ""I'm terribly sorry, dear lady, but I'm leaving at once.But, let me see, it is now eight fifteen; I'll try to call back just at nine, if I may. ""Certainly, Professor. "Mum's voice had a coo in it that she reserves for males not her husbands of whom she approves  sometimes for us.A moment later Mike said, "Now!"and I spoke up:  "Hi, Prof!Hear you've been looking for me.This is Mannie. "I heard a gasp."I would have sworn I switched this phone off.Why, I have switched it off; it must be broken.Manuel  so good to hear your voice, dear boy.Did you just get home?""I'm not home. ""But  but you must be.I haven't  "  "No time for that, Prof.Can anyone overhear you?""I don't think so.I'm using a hush booth. ""Wish I could see.Prof, what's my birthday?"He hesitated.Then he said, "I see.I think I see.July fourteenth. ""I'm convinced.Okay, let's talk. ""You're really not calling from your home, Manuel?Where are you?""Let that pass a moment.You asked my wife about a girl.No names needed.Why do you want to find her, Prof?""I want to warn her.She must not try to go back to her home city.She would be arrested. ""Why do you think so?""Dear boy!Everyone at that meeting is in grave danger.Yourself, too.I was so happy  even though confused  to hear you say that you are not at home.You should not go home at present.If you have some safe place to stay, it would be well to take a vacation.You are aware  you must be even though you left hastily  that there was violence last night. "I was aware!Killing Warden's bodyguards must be against Authority Regulations  at least if I were Warden, I'd take a dim view."Thanks, Prof; I'll be careful.And if I see this girl, I'll tell her. ""You don't know where to find her?You were seen to leave with her and I had so hoped that you would know. ""Prof, why this interest?Last night you didn't seem to be on her side. ""No, no, Manuel!She is my comrade.I don't say 'tovarishch' for I mean it not just as politeness but in the older sense.Binding.She is my comrade.We differ only in tactics.Not in objectives, not in loyalties. ""I see.Well, consider message delivered.She'll get it. ""Oh, wonderful!I ask no questions....ut I do hope, oh so very strongly, that you can find a way for her to be safe, really  safe, until this blows over. "I thought that over."Wait a moment, Prof.Don't switch off. "As I answered phone, Wyoh had headed for bath, probably to avoid listening; she was that sort.Tapped on door."Wyoh?""Out in a second. ""Need advice. "She opened door."Yes, Mannie?""How does Professor de la Paz rate in your organization?Is he trusted?Do you trust him?"She looked thoughtful."Everyone at the meeting was supposed to be vouched for.But I don't know him. ""Mmm.You have feeling about him?""I liked him, even though he argued against me.Do you know anything about him?""Oh, yes, known him twenty years.I trust him.But can't extend trust for you.Trouble  and it's your air bottle, not mine. "She smiled warmly."Mannie, since you trust him, I trust him just as firmly. "I went back to phone."Prof, are you on dodge?"He chuckled."Precisely, Manuel. ""Know a hole called Grand Hotel Raffles?Room L two decks below lobby.Can you get here without tracks, have you had breakfast, what do you like for breakfast?"He chuckled again."Manuel, one pupil can make a teacher feel that his years were not wasted.I know where it is, I shall get there quietly, I have not broken fast, and I eat anything I can't pat. "Wyoh had started putting beds together; I went to help."What do you want for breakfast?""Chai and toast.Juice would be nice. ""Not enough. ""Well...a boiled egg.But I pay for breakfast. ""Two boiled eggs, buttered toast with jam, juice.I'll roll you. ""Your dice, or mine?""Mine.I cheat. "I went to lift, asked for display, saw something called THE HAPPY HANGOVER  ALL PORTIONS EXTRA LARGE  tomato juice, scrambled eggs, ham steak, fried potatoes, corn cakes and honey, toast, butter, milk, tea or coffee  HKL $4.50 for two  I ordered it for two, no wish to advertise third person.We were clean and shining, room orderly and set for breakfast, and Wyoh had changed from black outfit into red dress "because company was coming" when lift jingled food.Change into dress had caused words.She had posed, smiled, and said, "Mannie, I'm so pleased with this dress.How did you know it would suit me so well?""Genius. ""I think you may be.What did it cost?I must pay you. ""On sale, marked down to Authority cents fifty. "She clouded up and stomped foot.Was bare, made no sound, caused her to bounce a half meter."Happy landing!"I wished her, while she pawed for foothold like a new chum."Manuel O'Kelly!If you think I will accept expensive clothing from a man I'm not even bundling with!""Easily corrected. ""Lecher!I'll tell your wives!""Do that.Mum always thinks worst of me. "I went to lift, started dealing out dishes; door sounded.I flipped hearum no seeum."Who comes?""Message for Gospodin Smith," a cracked voice answered."Gospodin Bernard O.  Smith. "I flipped bolts and let Professor Bernardo de la Paz in.He looked like poor grade of salvage  dirty clothes, filthy himself, hair unkempt, paralyzed down one side and hand twisted, one eye a film of cataract  perfect picture of old wrecks who sleep in Bottom Alley and cadge drinks and pickled eggs in cheap taprooms.He drooled.As soon as I bolted door he straightened up, let features come back to normal, folded hands over wishbone, looked Wyoh up and down, sucked air kimono style, and whistled."Even more lovely," he said, "than I remembered!"She smiled, over her mad."'Thanks, Professor.But don't bother.Nobody here but comrades. ""Seorita, the day I let politics interfere with my appreciation of beauty, that day I retire from politics.But you are gracious. "He looked away, glanced closely around room.I said, "Prof, quit checking for evidence, you dirty old man.Last night was politics, nothing but politics. ""That's not true!"Wyoh flared up."I struggled for hours!But he was too strong for me.Professor  what's the party discipline in such cases?Here in Luna City?"Prof tut tutted and rolled blank eye."Manuel, I'm surprised.It's a serious matter, my dear  elimination, usually.But it must be investigated.Did you come here willingly?""He drugged me. ""'Dragged,' dear lady.Let's not corrupt the language.Do you have bruises to show?"I said, "Eggs getting cold.Can't we eliminate me after breakfast?""An excellent thought," agreed Prof."Manuel, could you spare your old teacher a liter of water to make himself more presentable?""All you want, in there.Don't drag or you'll get what littlest pig got. ""Thank you, sir. "He retired; were sounds of brushing and washing.Wyoh and I finished arranging table."'Bruises,'" I said."Struggled all night. '""You deserved it, you insulted me. ""How?""You failed to insult me, that's how.After you drugged me here. ""Mmm.Have to get Mike to analyze that. ""Michelle would understand it.Mannie, may I change my mind and have a little piece of that ham?""Half is yours, Prof is semi vegetarian. "Prof came out and, while did not look his most debonair, was neat and clean, hair combed, dimples back and happy sparkle in eye  fake cataract gone."Prof, how do you do it?""Long practice, Manuel; I've been in this business far longer than you young people.Just once, many years ago in Lima  a lovely city  I ventured to stroll on a fine day without such forethought...