Hock Seng doesn't say anything.Keeps his face impassive.Dog Fucker says, "I know all about Laughing Chan's people here.He owes me for his disrespect. "Hock Seng is surprised that he feels no fear.He lives in fear of all things, but thuggish pi lien like Dog Fucker are not what fill his nights with terror.In the end, Dog Fucker is a businessman.He is not a white shirt, puffed on national pride or hungry for a little more respect.Dog Fucker works for money.Acts for money.He and Hock Seng are different parts of the economic organism, but underneath everything, they are brothers.Hock Seng smiles slightly as confidence builds."This is just a gift, for your trouble.What I propose will provide much more.For all of us. "He takes out the last two items.One, a letter."Give it to your master, sealed. "The other, he hands across: a small box with its familiar universal spindle and braces, a palm oil polymer casing in a dull shade of yellow.Dog Fucker takes the object, turns it over."A kink spring?"He makes a face."What's the point of this?"Hock Seng smiles."He'll know when he reads the letter. "He stands and turns away, without even waiting for Dog Fucker to respond, feeling stronger and more assured than any time since the Green Headbands came and his warehouses went up in smoke and his clipper ships went sliding down into the ocean depths.In this moment, Hock Seng feels like a man.He walks straighter, his limp forgotten.It's impossible to know if Dog Fucker's people will follow him and so he walks slowly, knowing that both Dog Fucker's and Laughing Chan's men surround him, a floating ring of surveillance as he works his way down the alleys and cuts into deeper slums, until, at last, Laughing Chan is there, waiting for him, smiling."They let you go," he says.Hock Seng pulls out more money."You did well.He knows it was your men, though. "He gives Laughing Chan an extra roll of baht."Pay him off with this. "Laughing Chan smiles at the pile of money."This is twice what I need for that.Even Dog Fucker likes to use us when he doesn't want to risk smuggling SoyPRO over from Koh Angrit. ""Take it anyway. "Laughing Chan shrugs and pockets it."It's very kind of you.With the anchor pads shut down, we can use the extra baht. "Hock Seng is turning away, but at Laughing Chan's words he turns back."What did you say about the anchor pads?""They're shut down.The white shirts raided them last night.Everything's locked tight. ""What happened?"Laughing Chan shrugs."I heard they burned everything.Sent it all up in smoke. "Hock Seng doesn't pause to ask any more.He turns and runs, as fast as his old bones will carry him.Cursing himself all the way.Cursing that he was a fool and didn't put his nose to the wind, that he let himself be distracted from bare survival by the urgent wish to do something more, to reach ahead.Every time he makes plans for his future, he seems to fail.Every time he reaches forward, the world leans against him, pressing him down.On Thanon Sukhumvit, in the sweat of the sun, he finds a news vendor.He fumbles through newspapers and the hand cranked whisper sheets of rumor, through luck pages advertising good numbers for gambling and the names of predicted muay thai champions.He tears them open, one after another, more frantic with every copy.All of them show the smiling face of Jaidee Rojjanasukchai, the incorruptible Tiger of Bangkok.7  "Look!I'm famous!"Jaidee holds the whisper sheet picture up beside his own face, grinning at Kanya.When she doesn't smile, he puts it back in its rack, along with all the rest of his pictures."Eh, you're right.It's not really a good likeness.They must have bribed it out of our records department. "He sighs wistfully."But I was young then. "Still, Kanya doesn't respond, just stares morosely at the water of the khlong.They've spent the day hunting for skiffs smuggling PurCal and AgriGen crops up the river, sailing back and forth across the river mouth, and Jaidee still thrums with a certain exhilaration.The prize of the day was a clipper ship anchored just off the docks.Ostensibly an Indian trading vessel sailed north from Bali, it turned out to be brimming with cibiscosis resistant pineapples.It was satisfying to see the harbormaster and the ship's captain both stammering excuses while Jaidee's white shirts poured lye over the entire shipment, crate after crate rendered sterile and inedible.All that smuggling profit gone.He flips though the other papers attached to the display board, finds a different image of himself.This one from his time as a muay thai competitor, laughing after a fight in Lumphini Stadium.The Bangkok Morning Post."My boys will like this one. "He opens the paper and scans the story.Trade Minister Akkarat is spitting mad.The quotes from the Trade Ministry call Jaidee a vandal.Jaidee is surprised they don't just call him a traitor or a terrorist.That they restrain themselves tells him just how impotent they really are.Jaidee can't help smiling over the pages at Kanya."We really hurt them. "Again, Kanya doesn't respond.There's a certain trick to ignoring her bad moods.The first time Jaidee met Kanya, he almost thought she was stupid, the way her face remained so impassive, so impervious to any hint of fun, as though she were missing an organ, a nose for smell, eyes for sight, and whatever curious organ makes a person sense sanuk when it is right in front of them."We should be getting back to the Ministry," she says, and turns to scan the boat traffic along the khlong, looking for a possible ride.Jaidee pays the whisper sheet man for his paper as a canal taxi glides into view.Kanya flags it and it slides up beside them, its flywheel whining with accumulated power, waves sloshing the khlong embankment as its wake catches up.Huge kink springs crowd half its displacement.Wealthy Chaozhou Chinese business people cram the covered prow of the boat like ducks on their way to slaughter.Kanya and Jaidee jump aboard and stand on the running board outside the seating compartment.The ticket child ignores their white uniforms, just as they ignore her.She sells a 30 baht ticket to another man who boards with them.Jaidee grabs a safety line as the boat accelerates away from the dock.Wind caresses his face as they make their way down the khlong, aiming for the heart of the city.The boat moves quickly, zipping around small paddled skiffs and long tail boats in the canal.Blocks of dilapidated houses and shopfronts slide past, pha sin and blouses and sarong hang colorful in the sun.Women bathe their long black hair in the brown waters of the canal.The boat slows abruptly.Kanya looks forward."What is it?"Up ahead, a tree has fallen, blocking much of the canal.Boats jam around it, trying to squeeze past."A bo tree," Jaidee says.He looks around for landmarks."We'll have to let the monks know. "No one else will move it.And despite the shortage of wood, no one will harvest it either.It would be unlucky.Their boat wallows as the khlong traffic tries to slip through the tiny gap left in the canal, where the sacred tree has not blocked movement.Jaidee makes a noise of impatience and then calls ahead."Clear out, friends!Ministry business.Clear the way!"He waves his badge.The sight of the badge and his bright white uniform is enough to get boats and skiffs poling aside.The pilot of their taxi flashes Jaidee a grateful look.Their kink spring craft slips into the press, jostling for space.As they ease around the bare branches of the tree, the khlong taxi's passengers all make deep wais of respect to the fallen trunk, pressing their palms together and touching them to their foreheads.Jaidee makes his own wai, then reaches out to touch the wood, letting his fingers slide over the riddled surface as they pass.Small boreholes speckle it.If he were to peel away the bark, a fine net of grooves would describe the tree's death.A bo tree.Sacred.The tree under which the Buddha attained enlightenment.And yet they could do nothing to save it.Not a single varietal of fig survived, despite their best efforts.The ivory beetles were too much for them.When the scientists failed, they prayed to Phra Seub Nakhasathien, a last desperate effort, but even the martyr couldn't save them in the end."We couldn't save everything," Kanya murmurs, seeming to read his thoughts."We couldn't save even one thing. "Jaidee lets his fingers slide along the grooves where the ivory beetle did its work."The farang have so much to answer for, and yet still Akkarat seeks to treat with them. ""Not with AgriGen. "Jaidee smiles bitterly and pulls his hand away from the fallen tree."No, not with them.But their ilk, nonetheless.Generippers.Calorie men.Even PurCal when the famines are worst.Why else to do we let them squat out on Koh Angrit?In case we need them.In case we fail, and must go begging for their rice and wheat and soy. ""We have our own generippers, now. ""Thanks to His Royal Majesty King Rama XII's foresight. ""And Chaopraya Gi Bu Sen. ""Chaopraya. "Jaidee makes a face."No one that evil should be graced with such a respectful title. "Kanya shrugs, but doesn't bait him.Soon the bo tree is behind them.At Srinakharin Bridge they disembark.The smell of food stalls calls to Jaidee.He motions Kanya to follow as he makes his way into a tiny soi."Somchai says there's a good som tam cart down here.Good clean papayas, he tells me. ""I'm not hungry," Kanya says."That's why you're always in such a terrible mood. ""Jaidee" Kanya starts, then stops.Jaidee glances back at her, catches the worried expression on her face."What is it?Come on then. ""I'm worried about the anchor pads. "Jaidee shrugs."Don't be. "Up ahead, food carts and tables cluster along the walls of the alley, all jammed together.Small bowls of nam plaa prik sit tidily in the centers of the scavenged table planks."You see?Somchai was right. "He finds the salad cart he wants and examines the spices and fruit, starts ordering for both of them.Kanya comes up beside, a compact cloud of dark mood."Two hundred thousand baht is a lot of money for Akkarat to lose," she mutters as Jaidee tells the som tam vendor to add more chiles.Jaidee nods thoughtfully as the woman stirs the threads of green papaya into the mix of spices."It's true.I had no idea there was so much money being made out there. "It's enough to finance a new lab for generip research, or put five hundred white shirts on inspection in the tilapia farms of Thonburi He shakes his head.And this was just one raid.It's amazing to him.There are times when he thinks he understands how the world works, and then, every so often, he lifts the lid of some new part of the divine city and finds roaches scuttling where he never expected.Something new, indeed.He goes to the next food cart, stacked with trays of chile laden pork and RedStar bamboo tips.Fried snakehead plaa, battered and crisp, pulled from the Chao Phraya River that day.He orders more food.Enough for both of them, and Sato for drinking.He settles at an open table as the food is brought out.Teetering on a bamboo stool at the end of his day, with rice beer warming his belly, Jaidee can't help smiling at his dour subordinate.As usual, even with good food before her, Kanya remains herself."Khun Bhirombhakdi was complaining about you at headquarters," she says."He said he would go to General Pracha, and have your smiling lips ripped off. "Jaidee scoops chiles into his mouth."I'm not afraid of him. ""The anchor pads were supposed to be his territory.His protection racket, his bribe money. ""First you worry about Trade, now you worry about Bhirombhakdi.That old man is afraid of his own shadow.He makes his wife taste every dish for him to make sure he won't get blister rust. "He shakes his head."Stop being so sour.You should smile more.Laugh a little.Here, drink this. "Jaidee pours more Sato for his lieutenant."We used to call our country the Land of Smiles. "Jaidee demonstrates."And there you sit, sad faced, as though you are eating limes all day. ""Perhaps we had more to smile about, then. ""Well, that might be true. "Jaidee sets his Sato back on the splintered tabletop and stares at it thoughtfully."We must have done something terrible in our previous lives to have earned these ones.It's the only thing I can think of that explains it all. "Kanya sighs."I sometimes see my grandmother's spirit, wandering around the chedi near my house.She told me one time that she couldn't reincarnate until we made a better place for her to arrive. ""Another of the Contraction phii?How did she find you?Wasn't she Isaan people, too?""She found me anyway. "Kanya shrugs."She is very unhappy with me. ""Yes, well, I suppose we'll be unhappy, too. "Jaidee has seen these ghosts as well, walking the boulevards sometimes, sitting in the trees.Phii are everywhere, now.Too many to count.He has seen them in the graveyards and leaning against the bones of riddled bo trees, all of them looking at him with some irritation.Mediums all speak of how crazy with frustration the phii are, how they cannot reincarnate and thus linger, like a great mass of people at Hualamphong Station hoping for a train ride down to the beaches.All of them waiting for a reincarnation that they cannot have because none of them deserve the suffering of this particular world.Monks like Ajahn Suthep say this is nonsense.He sells amulets to ward off these phii and says that they are nothing but hungry ghosts, created by the unnatural death of eating from blister rust tainted vegetables.Anyone can go to his shrine and make a donation, or else go to the Erawan shrine and make an offering to Brahma perhaps have the temple dancers perform for a little while and buy a hope that the spirits may be put to rest to travel on to their next incarnation.It is possible to hope for such things.Still, the ghosts are all around.Everyone agrees on that.The victims of AgriGen and PurCal and all their ilk.Jaidee says, "I wouldn't take it personally, about your grandmother.On the full moon, I've seen the phii crowding the roads around the Environment Ministry, too.Many dozens of them. "He smiles sadly."It's really impossible to fix, I think.When I think about Niwat and Surat growing up with this" He takes a breath, fighting back more emotion than he cares to show before Kanya.Takes another drink."Anyway, the fight is good.I just wish we could get hold of some AgriGen or PurCal executives and throttle them.Maybe give them a taste of blister rust AG134.s.  Then my life would be complete.I could die happy. ""You probably won't reincarnate, either," Kanya observes."You're too good to end up in this hell again. ""If I'm lucky I'll be reborn in Des Moines, and bomb their generip labs. ""If only. "Jaidee looks up at Kanya's tone."What's bothering you?Why so sad?We'll both be reborn somewhere beautiful, I'm sure.Both of us.Think of all the merit we earned just last night.I thought those Customs heeya were going to shit themselves when we burned the cargo. "Kanya makes a bitter face."They've probably never met a white shirt they couldn't bribe. "And as quick as that, she kills his attempt at good humor.No wonder no one likes her at the Ministry."No.That's true.Everyone takes bribes, now.It's not like before.People don't remember the worst times.They aren't afraid the way they were before. ""And now you dive down the cobra's throat with Trade. "Kanya says, "After the December 12coup, it seems as if General Pracha and Minister Akkarat are always circling one another, looking for a new excuse to fight.They never finished their feud, and now you do something to further anger Akkarat.It makes things unstable. ""Well, I was always too jai rawn for my own good.Chaya complains about it, too.That's why I keep you around.I wouldn't worry about Akkarat, though.He'll spit for a while, then he'll calm down.He may not like it, but General Pracha has too many allies in the Army for another coup attempt.With Prime Minister Surawong dead, Akkarat really has nothing left.He's isolated.Without megodonts and tanks to back up his threats, Akkarat may be rich, but he is a paper tiger.This is a good lesson for him. ""He's dangerous. "Jaidee looks at her seriously."So are cobras.So are megodonts.So is cibiscosis.We're surrounded by dangers.Akkarat" Jaidee shrugs."Anyway, it's already done.There's nothing you can do to change it.Why worry now?Mai pen rai.Never mind. ""Still, you should be careful. ""You're thinking of that man at the anchor pads?The one Somchai saw?Did he frighten you?"Kanya shrugs."No. ""I'm surprised.He frightened me. "Jaidee watches Kanya, wondering how much he should say, how much he should reveal that he knows about the world around him."I have a very bad feeling about him. ""Really?"Kanya looks distressed."You're frightened?Of one stupid man?"Jaidee shakes his head."Not afraid so that I will run and hide behind Chaya's pha sin, but still, I've seen him before. ""You didn't tell me. ""I wasn't sure at first.Now I am.I think he is with Trade. "He pauses, testing."I think they are hunting me again.Maybe considering another assassination.What do you think of that?""They wouldn't dare touch you.Her Majesty the Queen has spoken in your favor. "Jaidee touches his neck where the old spring gun scar still shows light on his dark skin."Not even after what I did to them at the anchor pads?"Kanya bridles."I'll assign a bodyguard. "Jaidee laughs at her fierceness and is warmed and reassured by it."You're a good girl, but I'd be a fool to take a bodyguard.Then everyone would know that I can be frightened.That's not the way of a tiger.Here, eat this. "He scoops more snake head plaa onto Kanya's plate."I'm full. ""Don't be so polite.Eat. ""You should have a bodyguard.Please. ""I'll trust you to guard my back.You should be more than enough. "Kanya flinches.Jaidee hides a smile at her discomfort.Ahh, Kanya, he thinks.We all have choices we must face in life.I've made mine.But you have your own kamma.He speaks gently."Go on and eat more, you look skinny.How will you find a special friend if you're only bones?"Kanya pushes her plate away."I don't eat much these days, it seems. ""People are starving everywhere, and you can't eat. "Kanya makes a face and scoops a sliver of fish onto her spoon.Jaidee shakes his head.He sets down his own fork and spoon."What is it?You're even more glum than usual.I feel like we've just put one of our brothers in a funeral urn.What's bothering you?""It's nothing.Really.Just not hungry. ""Speak up, Lieutenant.I want straight talk from you.It's an order.You're a good officer.I can't stand having your sad face.I don't like any of my people to be sad faced, even the ones from Isaan. "Kanya grimaces.Jaidee watches as his lieutenant mulls what she will say.He wonders if he was ever so tactful as this young woman.He doubts it.He has always been too brash, too easily angered.Not like Kanya, dour Kanya, all jai yen all the time.Not sanuk at all, but certainly jai yen.He waits, thinking that at last he will hear her story, her full story in all its painful humanity, but when Kanya finally summons the words, she surprises him.She speaks in a near whisper.Almost too embarrassed to form the words at all."Some of the men complain that you don't take enough gifts of goodwill. ""What?"Jaidee sits back, goggles at her."We won't participate in that sort of thing.We're different than the rest.And proud of it. "Kanya nods readily."And the newspapers and whisper sheets love you for it.And the people love you for it. ""But?"Her miserable look returns."But you don't get promoted anymore, and the men who are loyal to you get no help from your patronage, and they lose heart. ""But look what we accomplish!"Jaidee taps the sack of money between his legs that they confiscated off the clipper ship."They all know that if they have a need, they will be helped.We have more than enough for anyone in need. "Kanya looks down at the table and mumbles, "Some say you like to keep the money. ""What?"Jaidee stares at her, dumbstruck."Do you think this?"Kanya shrugs miserably."Of course not. "Jaidee shakes his head, apologizing."No, of course you wouldn't.You've been a good girl.You've done great things here. "He smiles at his lieutenant, almost overwhelmed with compassion for the young woman who came to him starving, idolizing him and his years as a champion, wanting so much to emulate him."I do what I can to squash the rumors, but" Kanya shrugs again, miserable."Cadets say that being under Captain Jaidee is like starving of akah worms.You work and work and get skinnier and skinnier.These are good boys we have, but they can't help but feel ashamed when they have old uniforms and their comrades have new crisp ones.When they ride a bicycle two at a time, and their comrades ride kink spring scooters. "Jaidee sighs."I remember a time when the white shirts were loved. ""Everyone needs to eat. "Jaidee sighs again.He pulls the satchel out from between his legs and shoves it across to Kanya."Take the money.Divide it equally amongst them.For their bravery and hard work yesterday. "She looks at him surprised."You're sure?"Jaidee shrugs and smiles, hiding his own disappointment, knowing that this is the best way, and yet saddened immeasurably by it."Why not?They're good boys, as you say.And it's not as though the farang and the Ministry of Trade aren't reeling at this very moment.They did good work. "Kanya wais deep respect, ducking her head low and raising her pressed palms to her forehead."Oh, stop that nonsense. "Jaidee pours more Sato into Kanya's glass, finishing the bottle."Mai pen rai.Never mind.These are small things.Tomorrow we'll have new battles to fight.And we'll need good loyal boys to follow us.How will we ever overcome the AgriGens and PurCals of the world if we don't feed our friends?"8  "I lost 30,000. ""Fifty," Otto mutters.Lucy Nguyen stares at the ceiling."One Eighty Five?Six?""Four hundred. "Quoile Napier sets his warm glass of Sato down on the low table."I lost four hundred thousand blue bills on Carlyle's goddamn dirigible. "The entire table falls silent, stunned."Christ. "Lucy sits up, bleary with drink in the middle of the afternoon."What were you smuggling in, cibi resistant seedstock?"The conversationalists sprawl on the veranda of Sir Francis Drake's, all five together, the "Farang Phalanx" as Lucy has styled them, all of them staring out at the dry season blast furnace and drinking themselves into a stupor.Anderson reclines with them, half listening to their slurred complaints as he turns the problem of the ngaw's origins over in his mind.He's got another bag of the fruit between his feet, and he can't help thinking that the answer to his puzzle lies close, if only he had sufficient ingenuity to suss it out.He drinks warm Khmer whiskey and ponders.Ngaw:apparently impervious to blister rust and cibiscosis even when directly exposed; obviously resistant to Nippon genehack weevil and leafcurl, or it could never have grown.A perfect product.The fruit of access to different genetic material than AgriGen and the rest of the calorie companies use for their generipping.Somewhere in this country a seedbank is hidden.Thousands, perhaps hundreds of thousands, of carefully preserved seeds, a treasure trove of biological diversity.Infinite chains of DNA, each with their own potential uses.And from this gold mine, the Thais are extracting answers to their knottiest challenges of survival.With access to the Thai seedbank, Des Moines could mine genetic code for generations, beat back plague mutations.Stay alive a little longer.Anderson shifts in his seat, stifling irritation, wiping away sweat.He's so close.Nightshades have been reborn, and now ngaw.And Gibbons is running loose in Southeast Asia.If it weren't for that illegal windup girl he wouldn't even know about Gibbons.The Kingdom has been singularly successful at maintaining its operational security.If he could just ascertain the seedbank's location, a raid might even be possible They've learned since Finland.Beyond the veranda, nothing with any intelligence is moving.Tantalizing beads of sweat run down Lucy's neck and soak her shirt as she complains about the state of the coal war with the Vietnamese.She can't hunt for jade if the Army is busy shooting anything that moves.Quoile's sideburns are matted.No breezes blow.Out in the street, rickshaw men huddle in thin pools of shade.Their bones and joints protrude from bare taut skin, skeletons with flesh stretched tight on their frames.At this time of day they only sullenly emerge from shadow when they are called, and then only for double fee.The entire ramshackle structure of the bar is scabbed to the outer wall of a wrecked Expansion tower.A hand painted sign leans against one of the stairs up to the veranda, with the scrawled words: SIR FRANCIS DRAKE'S.The sign is a recent addition, relative to the decay and wreckage around it, painted by a handful of farang determined to name their surroundings.The fools who did the naming long ago disappeared up country, either swallowed in the jungle as blister rust rewrites swept over them, or torn apart in the tangle of war lines over coal and jade.Still, the sign remains, either because it amuses the owner, who has taken the name on as a nickname, or because no one can summon the energy to paint over it.In the meantime, it peels in the heat.Regardless of provenance, Drake's is perfectly placed between the seawall shipping locks and the factories.Its dilapidated wreckage faces off across from the Victory Hotel so the Farang Phalanx can drink itself stupid and watch to see if any new foreigners of interest have washed up on the shores.There are other, lower, dives for those sailors who manage to pass Customs and quarantine and washdown, but it is here, with the snapping white tablecloths of the Victory on one side of the cobbled street, and Sir Francis' bamboo slum on the other, where those foreigners who settle in Bangkok for any length of time eventually sink."What were you shipping?"Lucy asks again, prodding Quoile to explain his losses.Quoile leans forward and lowers his voice, encouraging all of them to rouse themselves."Saffron.From India. "A pause, and then Cobb laughs."Good airlift product.I should have thought of that. ""Ideal for a dirigible.Low weight.More profitable than opium on the uplift," Quoile says."The Kingdom still hasn't figured out how to crack the seedstock, and all the politicians and generals want it for their household kitchens.Lots of face, if they can get it.I had solid pre orders.I was going to be rich.Unbelievably rich. ""Are you ruined then?""Maybe not.I'm negotiating with Sri Ganesha Insurance, they might cover some. "Quoile shrugs."Well, eighty percent.But all the bribes to get it into the country?All the payoffs to the Customs agents?"He makes a face."That's a complete loss.Still, I might get out with my skin."In a way, I got lucky.The shipment only falls under insurance guidelines because it was still on Carlyle's dirigible.I ought to toast that damn pilot for getting himself drowned in the ocean.If they'd unloaded the cargo and the white shirts had burned it on the ground, it would have been classified contraband.Then I'd be out there on the street with the fa' gan beggars and the yellow cards. "Otto scowls."That's about the only thing to be said for Carlyle.If he wasn't so interested in touching politics, none of this would have happened. "Quoile shrugs."We don't know that. ""It's damn certain," Lucy interjects."Carlyle spends half his energy complaining about the white shirts and the other half cozying up with Akkarat.It's a message from General Pracha to Carlyle and the Trade Ministry.We're just the carrier pigeons. ""Carrier pigeons are extinct. ""You think we won't be?General Pracha would be happy to throw every one of us into Khlong Prem prison if he thought it would send the right message to Akkarat. "Her gaze swings to Anderson."You're awfully quiet, Lake.You didn't lose anything at all?"Anderson stirs himself."Manufacturing materials.Replacement parts for my line.Probably a hundred fifty thousand blue bills.My secretary's still evaluating the damage. "He glances at Quoile."Our stuff was on the ground.No insurance. "The memory of his conversation with Hock Seng is still fresh.Hock Seng first played at denial, complaining of incompetence at the anchor pads, before finally confessing that everything was lost, and that he had failed to pay all the bribe money in the first place.An ugly confessional, almost hysterical, the old man terrified of losing his job and Anderson pressing him further and further into his fear, humiliating him and shouting at him, making the old man cower, making a point of his displeasure.Still, he can't help wondering if the lesson has been learned, or if Hock Seng will try to be tricky again.Anderson grimaces.If the old man didn't free up so much of Anderson's time for more important work, he'd ship the old bastard back to the yellow card towers."I told you this was a stupid place to run a factory," Lucy says."The Japanese do it. ""Only because they have special arrangements with the palace. ""The Chaozhou Chinese do just fine, too. "Lucy makes a face."They've been here for generations.Practically Thai at this point.We're more like yellow cards than Chaozhou, if you want to make comparisons.A smart farang knows not to keep too much invested in this place.The ground's always shifting.It's too damn easy to lose everything in a crackdown.Or another coup. ""We all work with the hands we're dealt. "Anderson shrugs."Anyway, Yates chose the site. ""I told Yates it was stupid, too. "Anderson recalls Yates, eyes bright with the possibilities of a new global economy."Maybe not stupid.But definitely an idealist. "He finishes his drink.The bar owner is nowhere in sight.He waves for the waiters, who all ignore him.One of them, at least, is asleep, standing."You're not worried you'll get yanked the way Yates did?"Lucy asks.Anderson shrugs."Wouldn't be the worst thing that could happen.It's damn hot. "He touches his sunburned nose."I'm more of a northern wastes sort. "Nguyen and Quoile, dark skinned both, laugh at that, but Otto just nods grimly, his own peeling nose a testament to his inability to adapt to the burn of the equatorial sun.Lucy pulls out a pipe and pushes a couple of flies away before setting down her smoking tools and an accompanying ball of opium.The flies hobble away, but don't take to the air.Even the bugs seem stunned by the heat.Down an alley, near the rubble of an old Expansion tower, children are playing next to a freshwater pump.Lucy watches them as she tamps her pipe."Christ, I wish I was a kid again. "Everyone seems to have lost the energy for conversation.Anderson pulls the sack of ngaw out from between his feet.Takes one out and peels it.Pries the translucent fruit from the ngaw's interior and tosses the hairy hollow rind on the table.Pops the fruit into his mouth.Otto cocks his head, curious."What's that you've got?"Anderson digs more out of his sack, distributes them."Not sure.Thais call them ngaw. "Lucy stops tamping her pipe."I've seen them.They're all over the market.They don't have blister rust?"Anderson shakes his head."Not so far.The lady who sold them said they were clean.Had the certificates. "Everyone laughs, but Anderson shrugs off their cynicism."I let them sit for a week.Nothing.They're cleaner than U Tex. "The others follow his lead and eat their own fruits.Eyes widen.Smiles appear.Anderson opens the sack wide and sets it on the table."Go ahead.I've been eating too many as it is. "They all rifle the bag.A pile of rinds grows in the center of the table.Quoile chews thoughtfully."It sort of reminds me of lychee. ""Oh?"Anderson controls his interest."Never heard of it. ""Sure.I had a drink that tasted a bit like it.Last time I was in India.Kolkata.A PurCal sales rep took me to one of his restaurants, when I first started looking at shipping saffron. ""So you think it's this leechee?""Could be.Lychee was what he called the drink.Might not have been the fruit at all. ""If it's a PurCal product, I don't see how it would show up here," Lucy says."These should all be out on Koh Angrit, under quarantine while the Environment Ministry finds ten thousand different ways to tax the thing. "She spits the pit into her palm and tosses it off the balcony into the street."I'm seeing these everywhere.They've got to be local. "She reaches into the sack and takes another."You know who might know about them, though" She leans back and calls into the dimness of the bar."Hagg!You still there?You awake back in there?"At the man's name, the others stir and try to straighten themselves, like children caught by a strict parent.Anderson forces down an instinctive chill."I wish you hadn't done that," he mutters.Otto grimaces."I thought he died. ""Blister rust never gets the chosen ones, don't you know?"Everyone stifles a laugh as a form shambles out of the gloom.Hagg's face is flushed, and sweat speckles his face.He surveys the Phalanx solemnly."Hello, all. "He nods his head to Lucy."Still trafficking with these sort, then?"Lucy shrugs."I make do. "She nods at a chair."Don't just stand there.Have a drink on us.Tell us your stories. "She lights her opium pipe and draws on it as the man pulls up the chair beside her and sags into it.Hagg is a solid man, well fleshed.Not for the first time, Anderson thinks how interesting it is that Grahamite priests, of all their flock, are always the ones whose waistlines overflow their niche.Hagg waves for whiskey, and surprises everyone when a waiter appears at his elbow almost immediately."No ice," the waiter says on arrival."No, no ice.Of course not. "Hagg shakes his head emphatically."Don't want the damn calories spent, anyway. "When the waiter returns, Hagg takes the drink and downs it instantly, then sends the waiter back for a second."It's good to be back in from the countryside," he says."You start missing the pleasures of civilization. "He toasts them all with his second glass and downs it as well."How far out were you?"Lucy asks around the pipe clamped in her teeth.She's starting to look a little glassy from the burning tar."Near the old border with Burma, Three Pagodas pass. "He looks sourly at them all as if they are guilty of the sins he researches."Looking into ivory beetle spread. ""Not safe up there, I heard. "Otto says."Who's the jao por?""A man named Chanarong.And he was no trouble at all.Far easier to work with him than the Dung Lord or any of the small jao por in the city.Not all of the godfathers are so focused on profits and power. "Hagg looks back pointedly."For those of us who aren't interested in pillaging the Kingdom of coal or jade or opium, the countryside is safe enough. "He shrugs."In any case, I was invited by Phra Kritipong to visit his monastery.To observe the changes in ivory beetle behavior. "He shakes is head."The devastation is extraordinary.Whole forests with not a leaf on them.Kudzu, and nothing else.The entire overstory is gone, timber fallen everywhere. "Otto looks interested."Anything salvageable?"Lucy gives him a look of disgust."It's ivory beetle, you idiot.No one around here wants that. "Anderson asks, "You say the monastery invited you up?Even though you're a Grahamite?""Phra Kritipong is enlightened enough to know that neither Jesus Christ nor the Niche Teachings are anathema to his kind.Buddhist and Grahamite values overlap in many areas.Noah and the martyr Phra Seub are entirely complementary figures. "Anderson stifles a laugh."If your monk saw how Grahamites operate back home, he might see it differently. "Hagg looks offended."I am not some preacher of field burnings.I am a scientist. ""Didn't mean any offense. "Anderson pulls out a ngaw, offers it to Hagg."This might interest you.We just found them in the market. "Hagg eyes the ngaw, surprised."The market?Which one?""All over," Lucy supplies."They showed up while you were gone," Anderson says."Try it, they're not bad. "Hagg takes the fruit, studying it closely."Extraordinary. ""You know what they are?"Otto asks.Anderson peels another fruit for himself, but even as he does, he listens closely.He would never directly ask the question of a Grahamite, but he's perfectly willing to let others do the work."Quoile thought it was a leechee," Lucy says."Is he right?""No, not a lychee.That's for certain. "Hagg turns it in his hand."It looks like it could be something the old texts called a rambutan. "Hagg is thoughtful."Though, if I recall correctly, they're somewhat related. ""Rambootan?"Anderson keeps his expression friendly and neutral."That's a funny name.The Thais all call them ngaw. "Hagg eats the fruit, spits the fat pit into his palm.Examines the black seed, wet with his saliva."I wonder if it will breed true. ""You could put it in a flower pot and find out. "Hagg gives him an irritated look."If it doesn't come from a calorie company, it will breed.The Thais don't make sterile generips. "Anderson laughs."I didn't think the calorie companies made tropical fruits. ""They make pineapples. ""Right.Forgot. "Anderson waits."How do you know so much about fruits?""I studied biosystems and ecology at Alabama New University. ""That's your Grahamite college, right?I thought all you studied was how to start a field burning. "The others suck in their breath at the provocation, but Hagg just looks back coldly."Don't bait me.I'm not that sort.If we're ever going to restore Eden, it will take the knowledge of ages to accomplish it.Before I came over, I spent a year immersed in Pre Contraction Southeast Asian Ecosystems. "He reaches across and takes another fruit."This must gall the calorie companies. "Lucy fumbles for another fruit."You think we could fill a clipper ship with these and send them back across the water?You know, play calorie company in reverse?People would pay a fortune for them, I'll bet.New flavor and all?Sell it as a luxury. "Otto shakes his head."You'd have to convince them it's not blister rust tainted; the red skin will make people nervous. "Hagg nods agreement."It's a route best not pursued. ""But the calorie companies do it. "Lucy points out."They ship seeds and food wherever they want.They're global.Why shouldn't we try the same?""Because it goes against all the Niche Teachings," Hagg says gently."The calorie companies have already earned their place in hell.There's no reason you should be eager to join them. "Anderson laughs."Come on, Hagg.you can't seriously be against a little entrepreneurial spirit.Lucy's on to something.We could even put your face on the side of the crates. "He makes a sign of Grahamite blessing."You know, approved by the Holy Church and all that.Safe as SoyPRO. "He grins."What do you think of that?""I would never participate in such blasphemy. "Hagg scowls."Food should come from the place of its origin, and stay there.It shouldn't spend its time crisscrossing the globe for the sake of profit.We went down that path once, and it brought us to ruin. ""More Niche Teachings. "Anderson peels another fruit."There must be a niche for money somewhere in Grahamite orthodoxy.Your cardinals are fat enough. ""The teachings are sound, even if the flock strays. "Hagg stands abruptly."Thank you for the company. "He frowns at Anderson, but reaches across the table and grabs one more fruit before stalking away.As soon as he's gone, everyone relaxes."Christ, Lucy, why'd you do that?"Otto asks."That man creeps me out.I left the Compact so I could get away from Grahamite priests looking over my shoulder.And you have to call one over?"Quoile nods morosely."I heard there's another priest here at the joint embassy now. ""They're everywhere.Like maggots. "Lucy waves at them."Toss me another fruit. "They return to their gorging.Anderson watches them, curious to see if these well travelled creatures will have any other ideas about its provenance.The rambutan is an interesting possibility, though.Already, despite the bad news about the destroyed algae tanks and nutrient cultures, the day is turning out better than expected.Rambutan.A word to send back to Des Moines and the researchers.A route of investigation into the origins of this mysterious botanic object.Somewhere, there will be a historical record of it.He'll have to go back to his books and see if he can find   "Look who's here," Quoile mutters.Everyone turns.Richard Carlyle, in a perfectly pressed linen suit, is climbing the stairs.He takes off his hat as he reaches the shade, fanning himself."I fucking hate that man," Lucy mutters.She lights another pipe, draws hard."What's he smiling about?"Otto asks."Hell if I know.He lost a dirigible, didn't he?"Carlyle pauses in the shade, scans the patrons across the room, nods at all of them."Pretty hot one," he calls out.Otto stares at him, red faced and bullet eyed, and mutters, "If it hadn't been for his fucking politicking, I'd be a rich man today. ""Don't be dramatic. "Anderson pops another ngaw into his mouth."Lucy, give the man a puff of your pipe.I don't feel like having Sir Francis kick us out into the heat for brawling. "Lucy's eyes have gone glassy with opium, but she waves the pipe in Otto's general direction.Anderson reaches across and plucks it from her fingers and gives it to Otto, before standing and picking up his empty glass."Anyone else want something?"Desultory shakes of the head.Carlyle grins as he arrives at the bar."You get poor old Otto sorted out?"Anderson glances back."Lucy smokes serious opium.I doubt he'll be able to walk, let alone fight anyone. ""Devil's drug, that. "Anderson toasts him with his empty glass."That, and booze. "He peers over the edge of the bar."Where the hell's Sir Francis?""I thought you were here to answer that question. ""I guess not," Anderson says."You lose much?""Some. ""Really?You don't seem bothered. "Anderson gestures back at the rest of the Phalanx."Everyone else is pissing and moaning about how you keep interfering with politics, cozying up with Akkarat and the Trade Ministry.But here you are smiling ear to ear.You could be a Thai. "Carlyle shrugs.Sir Francis, elegantly dressed, carefully coiffed, emerges from a back room.Carlyle asks for whiskey and Anderson holds up his own empty glass."No ice," Sir Francis says."The mulie men want more money to run the pump. ""Pay them, then. "Sir Francis shakes his head as he takes Anderson's glass."If you bargain when they squeeze your balls, they will only squeeze again.And I cannot bribe the Environment Ministry to give me access to the coal grid like you farang. "He turns away and pulls down a bottle of Khmer whiskey, pours an immaculate shot.Anderson wonders if any of the rumors about the man are true.Otto, now mumbling incoherently about "fugging dribigles," claims that Sir Francis was an old Chaopraya, a high assistant to the crown, forced out of the palace in a power play.This theory has as much merit as the idea that he is former servant of the Dung Lord, retired, or that he is a Khmer prince, displaced and living incognito ever since the Thai Kingdom was enlarged to swallow the East.Everyone agrees he must have been of high rank it's the only thing that explains his disdain for his patrons."Pay now," he says as he sets the shots on the bar.Carlyle laughs."You know our credit's good. "Sir Francis shakes his head."You both lost plenty at the anchor pads.Everyone knows it.Pay now. "Carlyle and Anderson shell out coins."I thought we had a better relationship than that," Anderson complains."This is politics. "Sir Francis smiles."Maybe you are here tomorrow.Maybe you are swept away like Expansion plastic on a beach.There are whisper sheets on all the street corners, calling for Captain Jaidee to be made a chaopraya advisor to the palace.If he rises, then all you farang" he makes a shooing motion with his hand, "all gone. "He shrugs."General Pracha's radio stations are calling Jaidee a tiger and hero, and the student associations have been calling for the Trade Ministry to be closed down and placed under the white shirts.The Trade Ministry lost face.Farang and Trade are close like farang and fleas. ""Nice. "Sir Francis shrugs."You do smell. "Carlyle scowls."Everyone smells.It's the goddamn hot season. "Anderson intercedes."I suppose Trade is seething, losing face like that. "He takes a sip of the warm whiskey and grimaces.He used to like room temperature liquor, before he came here.Sir Francis counts their coins into his cash box."Minister Akkarat is still smiling, but the Japanese want reparations for their losses and the white shirts will never give them.So either Akkarat will pay to make up for what the Tiger of Bangkok has done, or he will lose face to the Japanese as well. ""You think the Japanese will leave?"Sir Francis makes a face of disgust."The Japanese are like the calorie companies, always looking for a way in.They will never go away. "He moves to the other end of the bar, leaving them once again isolated.Anderson pulls out a ngaw and offers it Carlyle."Want one?"Carlyle takes the fruit and holds it up for examination."What the hell is this?""Ngaw. ""It reminds me of cockroaches. "He makes a face."You're an experimental bastard.I'll give you that. "He pushes the ngaw back across to Anderson and carefully wipes his hand on his trousers."Afraid?"Anderson goads."My wife liked eating new things, too.Couldn't stop herself.Had the madness for flavor.Just couldn't resist trying new foods. "Carlyle shrugs."I'll wait and see if you're spitting up blood next week. "They lean back on their stools and gaze across the dust and heat to where the Victory Hotel gleams white.Down an alley a washing woman has set out laundry in pans near the rubble of an old high rise.Another is washing her body, carefully scrubbing under her sarong, its fabric clinging to her skin.Children run naked through the dirt, jumping over bits of broken concrete that were laid down more than a hundred years ago in the old Expansion.Far down the street the levees rise, holding back the sea."How much did you lose?"Carlyle finally asks."Plenty.Thanks to you. "Carlyle doesn't respond to the jab.He finishes his shot and waves for another."Really no ice?"he asks Sir Francis."Or is this just because you think we'll be gone tomorrow?""Ask me tomorrow. ""If I'm still here tomorrow will you have ice then?"Carlyle asks.Sir Francis flashes a grin."Depends how much you keep paying mulies and megodonts for unloading freight.Everyone talks about getting rich burning calories for farang so no ice for Sir Francis. ""But if we're gone, no drinkers.Even if Sir Francis has got all the ice in the world. "Sir Francis shrugs."As you say. "Carlyle scowls at the Thai man's back."Megodont unions, white shirts, Sir Francis.Everywhere you turn, there's another open hand. ""Price of doing business," Anderson says."Still, the way you were smiling when you came in, I thought you hadn't lost anything at all. "Carlyle takes his new whiskey."I just like seeing all of you on the veranda looking like your dogs died from cibiscosis.Anyway, even if we've had losses, no one's chained us in a Khlong Prem sweat cell.No reason not to smile about that. "He leans close."This isn't the last of the story.Not by a long shot.Akkarat's still got some tricks up his sleeve. ""If you push hard enough on the white shirts, they always bite back. "Anderson warns."You and Akkarat made a lot of noise, talking about tariff and pollution credit changes.Windups, even.And now my assistant is telling me the same things that Sir Francis just said: all the Thai newspapers are calling our friend Jaidee a Queen's Tiger.Celebrating him. ""Your assistant?You mean that paranoid yellow card spider you keep in your offices?"Carlyle laughs."That's the problem with you.You all sit around, bitching and wishing, and meanwhile I'm changing the rules of the game.You're all Contraction thinkers. ""I'm not the one who lost a dirigible. ""Cost of doing business. ""I'd think losing a fifth of your fleet would be more than just a cost. "Carlyle makes a face.He leans close and lowers his voice."Come on, Anderson.This tiff with the white shirts isn't what it seems.Some people have been waiting for them to go too far. "He pauses, making sure his words are understood."Some of us have been working toward it, even.I've just come from speaking with Akkarat himself, and I can assure you the news is about to turn in our favor. "Anderson almost laughs, but Carlyle wags an admonishing finger."Go ahead, shake your head now, but before I'm done you'll be kissing my ass and thanking me for the new tariff structures, and we'll all have reparations in our bank accounts. ""The white shirts never pay reparations.Not when they burn a farm, not when they confiscate a cargo.Never. "Carlyle shrugs.He looks out toward the hot light of the veranda and observes, "The monsoons are coming. ""Not likely. "Anderson gives the blazing day a sour look."They're already late by two months. ""Oh, they're coming all right.Maybe not this month.Maybe not next, but they're coming. ""And?""The Environment Ministry is expecting replacement equipment for the city's levee pumps.Critical equipment.For seven pumps. "He pauses."Now, where do you think that equipment is sitting?""Enlighten me. ""All the way across the Indian Ocean. "Carlyle flashes a sudden shark like smile."In a certain Kolkata hanger that I happen to own. "The air seems to have left the bar.Anderson glances around, making sure no one is close."Christ, you silly bastard.Are you serious?"It all makes sense, now.Carlyle's bragging, his certainty.The man has always had a freebooter's willingness to take risks.But it's difficult to distinguish bluster from sincerity with Carlyle.If he says he has Akkarat's ear, perhaps he only speaks with secretaries.It's all talk.But this  Anderson starts to speak but sees Sir Francis approaching and turns away instead, grimacing.Carlyle's eyes sparkle with mischief.Sir Francis sets a new whiskey beside his hand, but Anderson doesn't care about drinks anymore.As soon as Sir Francis retreats, he leans forward."You're holding the city hostage?""The white shirts seem to have forgotten they need outsiders.We're in the middle of a new Expansion and every string is connected to every other string, and yet they're still thinking like a Contraction ministry.They don't understand how dependent they've already become on farang. "He shrugs."At this point, they're just pawns on a chess board.They have no idea who moves them, and couldn't stop us even if they tried. "He tosses back another shot of whiskey, grimaces and slaps it down on the bar."We should all send flowers to that Jaidee white shirt bastard.He's done his job perfectly.With half the city's coal pumps offline" He shrugs."The nice thing about dealing with the Thais is that they're really a very sensitive people.I won't even have to make a threat.They'll figure it out all on their own, and make things right. ""Quite a gamble. ""Isn't everything?"Carlyle favors Anderson with a cynical smile."Maybe we're all dead tomorrow from a blister rust rewrite.Or maybe we're the richest men in the Kingdom.It's all a gamble.The Thais play for keeps.So should we. ""I'd just put a spring gun to your head and trade your brains for the pumps. ""That's the spirit!"Carlyle laughs."Now you're thinking like a Thai.But I've got myself covered there, too. ""What?With the Trade Ministry?"Anderson makes a face."Akkarat doesn't have the muscle to protect you. ""Better than that.He's got generals. ""You're drunk.General Pracha's friends run every part of the military.The only reason the white shirts don't run the entire country already is because the old King stepped in before Pracha could squash Akkarat the last time. ""Times change.Pracha's white shirts and his payoffs have made a lot of people angry.People want a change. ""You're talking revolution, now?""Is it revolution if the palace asks for it?"Carlyle reaches nonchalantly across the bar for the bottle of whiskey and pours.He upends it and gets less than half a shot from the bottle.He raises an eyebrow to Anderson."Ah.Now you're paying attention. "He points to Anderson's tumbler."Are you going to drink that?""How far does this go?""You want in on the deal?""Why would you offer?""You have to ask?"Carlyle shrugs."When Yates set up your factory, he tripled the Megodont Union's fees for joules.Threw money everywhere.Hard not to notice that kind of funding. "He nods at the other expatriates, now playing a listless game of poker and waiting for the heat of the day to abate so that they can go on with their work or their whoring or their passive wait for the next day."Everyone else, they're children.Little kids wearing adult clothes.You're different. ""You think we're rich?""Oh stop the theatrics.My dirigibles haul your cargo. "Carlyle regards him."I've seen where your supply shipments originate from," he looks at Anderson significantly, "before they arrive in Kolkata. "Anderson pretends nonchalance."So?""An awful lot of material coming from Des Moines. ""You think I'm worth talking to because I've got Midwestern investors?Doesn't everyone get their investors where the money is?So what if a rich widow wants to experiment with kink springs.You read too much into small things. ""Do I?"Carlyle looks around the bar and leans close."People are talking about you. ""How so?""They say you're quite interested in seeds. "He looks significantly at the rind of the ngaw between them."We're all genespotters, these days.But you're the only one who pays for your intelligence.The only one who asks about white shirts and generippers.  "Anderson smiles coldly."You've been talking to Raleigh. "Carlyle inclines his head."If it's any consolation, it wasn't easy.He didn't want to talk about you.Not at all. ""He should have thought a little harder. ""He can't get his aging treatments without me. "Carlyle shrugs."We have shipping representatives in Japan.You weren't offering him another decade of easy living. "Anderson forces a laugh."Of course. "He smiles, but inside he is seething.He'll have to deal with Raleigh.And now perhaps Carlyle as well.He's been sloppy.He eyes the ngaw with disgust.He's been waving his latest interest in front of everyone.Grahamites, even, and now this.It's too easy to get comfortable.To forget all the lines of exposure.And then one day in a bar, someone slaps you in the face.Carlyle is saying, "If I could just speak with certain people.Discuss certain propositions" he trails off, brown eyes hunting for a sign of agreement in Anderson's expression."I don't care which company you're working for.If I understand your interests correctly, then we might find our goals lie in similar directions. "Anderson drums his fingers on the bar, thoughtful.If Carlyle were to disappear, would it rouse any interest at all?He might even be able to blame it on overzealous white shirts  "You think you've got a chance?"Anderson asks."It wouldn't be the first time the Thais have reformed their government with force.The Victory Hotel wouldn't exist if Prime Minister Surawong hadn't lost his head and his mansion in the December 12 coup.Thai history is littered with changes in administration. ""I'm a little concerned that if you're talking to me, you're talking to others.Maybe too many others. ""Who else would I talk to?"Carlyle jerks his head toward the rest of the Farang Phalanx."They're nothing.Wouldn't consider them for a second.Your people though" Carlyle trails off, considering his words, then leans forward."Look, Akkarat has some experience with these matters.The white shirts have created a number of enemies.And not just farang.All our project requires is a bit of help gathering momentum. "He takes a sip of his whiskey, considers the taste for a moment before setting the glass down."The consequences would be quite favorable for us if it succeeds. "He locks eyes with Anderson."Quite favorable for you.For your friends in the Midwest. ""What do you get out of it?""Trade, of course. "Carlyle grins."If the Thais face outward instead of living in this absurd defensive crouch of theirs, my company expands.It's just good business.I can't imagine that your people enjoy cooling their heels on Koh Angrit, begging to be allowed to sell a few tons of U Tex or SoyPRO to the Kingdom when there's a crop failure.You could have free trade, instead of sitting out on that quarantine island.I'd think that would be attractive to you.It certainly would benefit me. "Anderson studies Carlyle, trying to decide how much to trust the man.For two years they have drunk together, have whored occasionally, have closed shipping contracts on a handshake, but Anderson knows only a little about him.The home office has a portfolio, but it's thin.Anderson mulls.The seedbank is out there, waiting.With a pliable government  "Which generals are backing you?"Carlyle laughs."If I told you that, you'd just think I was foolish and unable to keep secrets. "The man is all talk, Anderson decides.He'll have to make sure Carlyle disappears, soon, quietly, before his cover gets blown."It sounds interesting.Maybe we should meet to talk a little more about our mutual goals. "Carlyle opens his mouth to respond then pauses, studying Anderson.He smiles and shakes his head."Oh no.You don't believe me. "He shrugs."Fair enough.Just wait then.In two days time, I think you'll be more impressed.We'll talk then. "He looks significantly at Anderson."And we'll talk at a place of my choosing. "He finishes his drink."Why wait?What's going to change between now and then?"Carlyle settles his hat on his head and smiles."Everything, my dear farang.Everything. "9  Emiko wakes to afternoon swelter.She stretches, breathing shallowly in the oven bake of her five by.There is a place for windups.The knowledge tingles within her.A reason to live.She presses a hand up against the WeatherAll planks that divide her sleeping slot from the one above.Touching the knots.Thinking of the last time she felt so content.Remembering Japan and the luxuries that Gendo sama bequeathed: her own flat; climate control that blew cool through humid summer days; dangan fish that glowed and changed colors like chameleons, iridescent and changeable dependent on their speed: blue slow fish, red fast ones.She used to tap the glass of their tank and watch them streak red through dark waters, their windup nature in brightest bloom.She, too, used to glow brightly.She was built well.Trained well.Knew the ways of pillow companion, secretary, translator and observer, services for her master that she performed so admirably that he honored her like a dove, and released her into the bright blue arc of the sky.She had been so honored.The WeatherAll knots stare down at her, the only decoration on the divider that separates her sleeping slot from the one above and keeps the garbage of her neighbors from raining down.Linseed reek billows off the wood, nauseating in the five by's hot confines.In Japan there were rules about using such wood for human habitation.Here in the tower slums, no one cares.Emiko's lungs burn.She breathes shallowly, listening to the grunt and snore of the other bodies.No sound filters down from the slot above.Puenthai must not be back.Otherwise, she would have suffered already, would have been kicked or fucked by now.It's not often that she survives a whole day without abuse.Puenthai is not yet home.Perhaps he is dead.The fa' gan fringe on his neck was certainly thick enough the last time she saw him.She squirms out of her slot and straightens in the narrow gap between the five by and the door.Stretches again, then reaches in and fumbles for her plastic bottle, yellowed and thinned with age.Drinks blood warm water.She swallows convulsively, wishing she had ice.Two flights up, a splintered door gives way and she spills out onto the roof.Sunlight and heat envelop her.Even with the sun hammering down, it is cooler than her five by.All around her, clotheslines draped with rustling pha sin and trousers rustle in the sea breeze.The sun is sinking, glistening from the tips of wats and chedi.The water of the khlongs and the Chao Phraya glistens.Kink spring skiffs and trimaran clipper ships glide across red mirrors.To the north, the distance is lost in the orange haze of dung burn and humidity, but somewhere out there, if the pale scarred farang is to be believed, windups dwell.Somewhere beyond the armies that war for shares of coal and jade and opium, her own lost tribe awaits her.She was never Japanese; she was only ever a windup.And now her true clan awaits her, if only she can find a way.She stares north a moment longer, hungering, then goes to the bucket she stowed the night before.There is no water on the upper levels, no pressure to reach so high, and she cannot risk bathing at the public pumps so every night she struggles up the stairs with her water bucket, and leaves it here in anticipation of the day.In the privacy of the open air and the setting sun, she bathes.It is a ritual process, a careful cleansing.The bucket of water, a fingerling of soap.She squats beside the bucket and ladles the warm water over herself.It is a precise thing, a scripted act as deliberate as Jo No Mai, each move choreographed, a worship of scarcity.She pours a ladleful over her head.Water courses down her face, runs over breasts and ribs and thighs, trickles onto hot concrete.Another ladleful, soaking her black hair, coursing down her spine and curling around her buttocks.Again a ladle of water, sheeting over her skin like mercury.And then the soap, rubbing it into her hair and then her skin, scouring herself of the previous night's insults until she wears a pale sheen of suds.And again the bucket and ladle, rinsing herself as carefully as with the first wetting.Water sluices away soap and grime, even some of the shame comes with it.If she were to scrub for a thousand years she would not be clean, but she is too tired to care and she has grown accustomed to scars she cannot scour away.The sweat, the alcohol, the humid salt of semen and degradation, these she can cleanse.It is enough.She is too tired to scrub harder.Too hot and too tired, always.At the end of her rinsing, she is happy to find a little water left in the bucket.She dips one ladleful and drinks it, gulping.And then in a wasteful, unrestrained gesture, she upends the bucket over her head in one glorious cathartic rush.In that moment, between the touch of the water, and the splash as it pools around her toes, she is clean.* * *   Out on the streets, she tries to blend into the daylight street activity.Mizumi sensei trained her to walk in certain ways, to accent and make beautiful the stutter motion of her body.But if Emiko is very careful, and fights her nature and training if she wears pha sin, and does not swing her arms she almost passes.Along the sidewalks, seamstresses lounge beside treadle sewing machines, waiting for evening trade.Snack sellers stack the remains of their wares in tidy piles, awaiting the day's final shoppers.Night market food stalls are setting out little bamboo stools and tables in the street, the ritual encroachment on the thoroughfares that signals the end of day and the beginning of life in a tropic city.Emiko tries not to stare; it's been a long time since she risked walking streets in daylight.When Raleigh acquired her five by, he gave her strict instructions.He could not keep her in Ploenchit itself even whores and pimps and drug addicts had limits so he installed her in a slum where bribes were cheaper and the neighbors were not so picky about the neighboring offal.But his instructions were strict: walk only at night, keep to shadows, come directly to the club, and return directly home.Anything else and there was little hope of survival.Her nape prickles as she makes her way through the daylit crowds.Most of these people will not care about her.The benefit of the daytime is that people are far too busy with their own lives to worry about a creature like her, even if they catch sight of her odd movements.In the deep night of green methane flicker, there are fewer eyes, but they are idle ones, high on yaba or laolao, eyes with the time and opportunity to pursue.A woman selling Environment Ministry certified sticks of sliced papaya watches her suspiciously.Emiko forces herself not to panic.She continues down the street with her mincing steps, trying to convince herself that she appears eccentric, rather than genetically transgressive.Her heart pounds against her ribs.Too fast.Slow down.You have time.Not so much as you would like, but still, enough to ask questions.Slowly.Patiently.Do not betray yourself.Do not overheat.Her palms are wet with sweat, the only part of her body that ever really feels cool.She keeps them open wide like fans, trying to absorb comfort.She pauses at a public pump to splash water on her skin and drink deep, glad that New People fear little in the way of bacterial or parasitic infection.She is an inhospitable host.That, at least, is benefit.If she were not a New Person, she would simply strut into Hualamphong Railway Station, and purchase a ticket on a kink spring train, ride it as far as the wastes of Chiang Mai, and then proceed into the wilderness.It would be easy.Instead she must be clever.The roads will be guarded.Anything that leads to the Northeast and the Mekong will be clogged with military personnel transferring between the eastern front and the capital.A New Person would excite attention, particularly given that New People military models sometimes fight on behalf of the Vietnamese.But there is another way.From her time with Gendo sama she remembers that much of the Kingdom's freight moves by river.Emiko turns down Thanon Mongkut toward the docks and levees, and stops short.White shirts.She cringes against a wall as the pair stalks past.They don't even look at her she blends if she does not move but still, as soon as they are out of sight, she has the urge to scuttle back to her tower.Most of the white shirts there have been bribed.These ones She shivers.At last, the gaijin warehouses and trading stations rise before her, the newly built commercial blocks.She makes her way up the seawall.At its top, the ocean spreads before her, bustling with clipper ships unloading, dock workers and coolies hauling freight, mahout coaxing megodonts to greater labor as pallets come off the clippers and are loaded on huge Laotian rubber wheeled wagons for transit to the warehouses.Reminders of her former life litter the view.A smudge on the horizon marks the quarantine zone of Koh Angrit, where gaijin traders and agricultural executives squat amid stockpiles of calories, all of them waiting patiently for a crop failure or plague to beat aside the Kingdom's trade barriers.Gendo sama once led her to that floating island of bamboo rafts and warehouses.Stood on its gently rolling decks and had her translate as he confidently sold the foreigners on advances in sailing technologies that would speed a shipment of patented SoyPRO around the world.Emiko sighs and ducks under the draped lines of saisin that top the levee.The sacred thread runs down the seawall in both directions, disappearing into the distance.Every morning the monks of a different temple bless the thread, adding spiritual support to the physical defenses that push back the hungry sea.In her former life, when Gendo sama provided her with permits and indulgences to move inside the city with impunity, Emiko had the opportunity to see the yearly blessing ceremonies of the dikes and pumps and the saisin that connects it all.As the first monsoon rains poured down on the assembled people, Emiko watched Her Revered Majesty the Child Queen pull the levers that set the divine pumps roaring to life, her delicate form dwarfed by the apparatus that her ancestors had created.Monks chanted and stretched fresh saisin from the city pillar, the spiritual heart of Krung Thep, to all of the twelve coal driven pumps that ringed the city, and then they had all prayed for the continued life of their fragile city.Now, in the dry season, the saisin looks ragged and the pumps are largely silent.The floating docks and their barges and skiffs bob softly in red sunlight.Emiko makes her way down into the bustle, watching faces, hoping to spy someone who seems kind.She watches people pass, keeping her body still so that she does not betray her nature.Finally steels herself.She calls out to a passing day laborer, "Kathorh kha.Please, Khun.Can you tell me where I might purchase ferry tickets north?"The man is covered with the powder and sweat of his work but he smiles, friendly."How far north?"She hazards a city name, unsure even if it will be close enough to the place that the gaijin has described."Phitsanulok?"He makes a face."There's nothing going that far, not much past Ayutthaya.The rivers have gotten too low.Some people are using mulies to pull their way north, but that is all.Some kink spring skiffs.And the war" He shrugs."If you need to go north, the roads will be dry for a while yet. "She masks her disappointment and wais carefully.No river then.By road or nothing.If she could go by river, then she would also have a way to cool herself.By road she imagines the long distance through the tropic blaze of the dry season.Perhaps she should wait for the rainy season.With the monsoon, the temperatures will fall and the rivers rise  Emiko starts back over the seawall and down through the slums that house dock families and de quarantined sailors on shore leave.By road then.It was foolish even for her to go looking.If she could get aboard a kink spring train but that would require permits.Many, many permits, just to get aboard.But if she could bribe someone, stow away She grimaces.All roads lead to Raleigh.She will have to speak with him.To beg the old crow for things he has no reason to give.A man with dragon tattoos on his stomach and a takraw ball tattooed on his shoulder gawks at her as she walks past."Heechy keechy," he murmurs.Emiko doesn't slow, doesn't turn at the words, but her skin prickles.The man follows her."Heechy keechy," he says again.She glances back.His face is unfriendly.He's missing a hand as well, she's horrified to notice.He reaches out with the stump and prods her shoulder.She jerks away, stutter stop reaction, betraying her nature.He smiles, and his teeth are black with betel nut.Emiko turns down a soi, hoping to escape his attention.Again he calls after her."Heechy keechy. "Emiko ducks into another winding squeezeway, breaks into a faster walk.Her body warms.Her hands become slick with sweat.She pants rapidly, trying to expel the increasing heat.Still the man follows.He doesn't call out again but she hears his footsteps.She makes another turn.Cheshires scatter before her, shimmers of light flushed like cockroaches.If only she could evaporate as they do, fade against a wall and let this man slide past."Where are you going, windup?"the man calls."I just want to get a look at you. "If she were still with Gendo sama she would face this man.Would stand confident, protected by import stamps and ownership permits and consulates and the awful threat of her master's retribution.A piece of property, true, but respected nonetheless.She could even go to a white shirt or the police for protection.With stamps and a passport, she was not a transgression against niche and nature, but an exquisite valued object.The alley opens onto a new street, full of gaijin warehouses and trading fronts, but the man grabs her arm before she can reach it.She's hot.Already flushed with her rising panic.She stares at the street longingly but it is all shacks and dry goods and a few gaijin, who will be no help for her.Grahamites are the last people she wishes to encounter.The man drags her back into the alley."Where do you think you're going, windup?"His eyes are bright and hard.He's chewing something an amphetamine stick.Yaba.Coolie laborers use them to keep working, to burn calories that they do not have.His eyes sparkle as he grips her wrist.He pulls her deeper into the alley, out of sight.She's too hot to run.There is nowhere to go, even if she did."Stand against the wall. "he says."No. "He shoves her around."Don't look at me. ""Please. "A knife appears in his good hand, glinting."Shut up," he says."Stay there. "His voice has the power of command, and despite her better instincts she finds herself obeying."Please.Just let me go," she whispers."I fought your kind.In the jungles in the north.Windups everywhere.Heechy keechy soldiers. ""I am not that kind. "She whispers."Not military. ""Japanese, same as you.I lost a hand because of your kind.And a lot of good friends. "He shows her the stump where his hand is missing, pushes it against her cheek.His breath gusts hot on her nape as he wraps his arm around her neck, pressing the knife to her jugular.Indenting the skin."Please.Just let me go. "She presses back against his crotch."I'll do anything. ""You think I'd soil myself that way?"He shoves her hard against the wall, making her cry out."With an animal like you?"A pause, then."Get down on your knees. "Out on the street, cycle rickshaws clatter over cobbles.People call out, asking about the price of hemp rope and whether anyone knows the time of the Lumphini muay thai fight.The knife hooks around her neck again, finds her pulse with its point."I saw my friends all die in the forests because of Japanese windups. "She swallows, and repeats softly, "I am not that kind. "He laughs."Of course not.You're some other creature.Another one of their devils like they keep in their shipyard across the river.Our people are starving, and your kind take their rice. "The blade presses against her throat.He will kill her.She is sure of it.His hatred is great, and she is nothing but trash.He is high and angry and dangerous and she is nothing.Even Gendo sama couldn't have protected her from this.She swallows, feeling the blade press against her Adam's apple.Is this how you will die?Is this what you were meant for?To simply be bled out like a pig?A spark of rage flickers, an antidote to despair.Will you not even try to survive?Did the scientists make you too stupid even to consider fighting for your own life?Emiko closes her eyes and prays to Mizuko Jizo Bodhisattva, and then the bakeneko cheshire spirit for good measure.She takes a breath, and then with all her strength she slams her hand against the knife.The blade slices past her neck, a searing line."Arai wa?!"the man shouts.Emiko shoves hard against him and ducks under his flailing knife.Behind her, she hears a grunt and thud as she bolts for the street.She doesn't look back.She plunges into the street, not caring that she shows herself as a windup, not caring that in running she will burn up and die.She runs, determined only to escape the demon behind her.She will burn, but she will not die passive like some pig led to slaughter.She flies down the street, dodging pyramids of durian and hurdling over coiled hemp ropes.This suicidal flight is pointless, yet she will not stop.She shoves aside a gaijin haggling over burlap sacks of local U Tex rice.He jerks away, crying out in alarm as she flashes past.All around, the traffic of the street seems to have slowed to a crawl.Emiko weaves under the bamboo scaffolding of a construction site.Running is strangely easy.People move as if they're suspended in honey.Only she is moving.When she glances behind her, she sees that her pursuer has fallen far behind.He's astonishingly slow.Amazing that she even feared him.She laughs at the absurdity of this suspended world   She slams into a laborer and goes sprawling, taking him down as well.The man shouts, "Arai wa!Watch where you're going!"Emiko forces herself up to her knees, hands numb with abrasions.She tries to stand but the world tilts, blurry.She collapses.Pushes upright again, drunken, overwhelmed by the furnace heat within her.The ground tilts and rotates, but she manages to stand.Leans against a sun baked wall as the man she hit shouts at her.His rage washes over her, meaningless.Darkness and heat are closing in on her.She's burning up.Out in the street, in the tangle of mulie carts and bicycles, she catches sight of a gaijin face.She blinks away the closing darkness, stumbles forward a step.Is she mad?Does the bakeneko cheshire toy with her?She clutches the shoulder of the man who is shouting at her, staring into the traffic, searching to confirm what her boiling brain has hallucinated.The laborer cries out and recoils from her touch, but she barely notices.Another flash of the face in the traffic.It's the gaijin, the scarred pale one from Raleigh's place.The one who told her to go north.His rickshaw shows briefly before disappearing behind a megodont.And then he's there again, on the other side, looking toward her.Their eyes lock.The same man.She's sure of it."Grab her!Don't let that heechy keechy get away!"Her attacker, shouting and waving his knife as he clambers through bamboo scaffolding.She's amazed that he's so slow, so much slower than she would have expected.She watches, puzzled.Perhaps he is also crippled from his time in the war?But no, his gait is correct, it's just that everything around her is slow: the people, the traffic.Odd.Surreal and slow.The laborer seizes her.Emiko lets herself be dragged, scanning the traffic for another glimpse of the gaijin.Did she hallucinate?There!The gaijin again.Emiko throws off the laborer's grasp and lunges into traffic.With the last of her energy, she ducks under the belly of a megodont, nearly crashing into its great columnar legs and then she's on the other side, pacing the gaijin's rickshaw, reaching up to him like a beggar  He observes her with cold eyes, completely detached.She stumbles and grabs at the rickshaw to steady herself, knowing he will shove her back.She is nothing but a windup.She was a fool.She was stupid to hope that he would see her as a person, a woman, as anything other than offal.Abruptly he grabs her hand and pulls her aboard.The gaijin shouts at his driver to ride, to ride gan cui chi che, kuai kuai kuai!to hurry up.He spews words in three different languages and then they are accelerating, but slowly.Her attacker leaps onto the rickshaw.He slashes her shoulder.Emiko watches as her blood sprays the seat.Jewel droplets suspended in sunlight.He raises the knife again.She tries to lift a hand to defend herself, to fight him off, but she's too tired.She's limp with exhaustion and heat.The man slashes again, screaming.Emiko watches the knife descend, a movement as slow as honey poured in winter.So slow.So far away.Her flesh tears.Heat blur and exhaustion.She's fading.The knife descends again.Suddenly the gaijin lunges between them.A spring gun gleams in his hand.Emiko watches, vaguely intrigued that the man carries a weapon, but the fight between the gaijin and the yaba addict is so very small and far away.So very very dark Heat swallows her.10  The windup girl does nothing to defend herself.She cries out, but barely flinches as the knife bites."Bai!"Anderson shouts to Lao Gu."Kuai kuai kuai!"He shoves the attacker away as the cycle lurches forward.The Thai man hacks clumsily at Anderson, then goes after the windup girl again, slashing.She does nothing to escape.Blood spatters.Anderson yanks a spring pistol from beneath his shirt and shoves it into the man's face.The man's eyes widen.He drops off the rickshaw, running for cover.Anderson follows him with the barrel, trying to decide if he should put a disk in the man's head or let him escape, but the man ducks behind a megodont wagon, robbing him of the decision."Goddamnit. "Anderson peers through the traffic, making sure the man is truly gone, then shoves his pistol back under his shirt.He turns to the slumped girl."You're safe now. "The windup lies inert, clothes slashed and disarrayed, eyes closed, panting rapidly.When he presses his palm to her flushed forehead, she flinches and her eyelids flutter.Her skin is scalding.Listless black eyes stare up at him."Please," she murmurs.The heat in her skin is overwhelming.She's dying.Anderson yanks her jacket open, trying to vent her.She's burning up, overheated by her flight and poor genetic design.Absurd that anyone would do this to a creature, hobble it so.He shouts over his shoulder, "Lao Gu!Go to the levees!"Lao Gu glances back, uncomprehending."Shui!Water!Nam!The ocean, damn it!"Anderson motions toward the dike walls."Quickly!Kuai, kuai kuai!"Lao Gu nods sharply.He stands on his pedals and accelerates again, forcing the bike through the clotted traffic, calling out warnings and curses at obstructing pedestrians and draft animals.Anderson fans the windup girl with his hat.At the levee walls, Anderson throws the windup girl over his shoulder and hauls her up uneven stairs.Guardian naga flank the stairs, their long undulating snake bodies guiding him upward.Their faces watch impassive as he staggers higher.Sweat drips in his eyes.The windup is a furnace against his skin.He tops the levee.Red sun burns against his face, silhouetting drowned Thonburi across the waters.The sun is almost as hot as the body draped over his shoulder.