Prof's purpose was to short him out  but sometimes Prof was too subtle; some people talk better if they breathe vacuum.Prof asked me to brief Cabinet on military situation.Which I did  my way."I see Finn is here.Let's have him tell where we stand in warrens. "Wright spoke up."General Nielsen has already done so, no need to repeat.We want to hear from you. "Blinked at that."Prof   Excuse me.Gospodin President.Do I understand that a Defense Ministry report has been made to Cabinet in my absence?"Wright said, "Why not?You weren't on hand. "Prof grabbed it.He could see I was stretched too tight.Hadn't slept much for three days, hadn't been so tired since left Earthside."Order," he said mildly."Gospodin Minister for Professional Liaison, please address your comments through me.Gospodin Minister for Defense, let me correct that.There have been no reports to the Cabinet concerning your ministry for the reason that the Cabinet did not convene until you arrived.General Nielsen answered some informal questions informally.Perhaps this should not have been done.If you feel so, I will attempt to repair it. ""No harm done, I guess.Finn talked to you a half hour ago.Anything new since?""No, Mannie. ""Okay.Guess what you want to hear is off Luna situation.You've been watching so you know first bombardment went off well.Still going on, some, as we're hitting their space defense HQ every twenty minutes.Will continue till thirteen hundred, then at twenty one hundred we hit China and India, plus minor targets.Then busy till four hours past midnight with Africa and Europe, skip three hours, dose Brasil and company, wait three hours and start over.Unless something breaks.But meantime we have problems here.Finn, we should evacuate Tycho Under. ""Just a moment!"Wright had hand up."I have questions. "Spoke to Prof, not to me."One moment.Has the Defense Minister finished?"Wyoh was seated toward back.We had swapped smiles, but was all  kept it so around Cabinet and Congress; had been rumbles that two from same family should not be in Cabinet.Now she shook head, warning of something.I said, "Is all conceniing bombardment.Questions about it?""Are your questions concerned with the bombardment, Gospodin Wright?""They certainly are, Gospodin President. "Wright stood up, looked at me."As you know, I represent the intellectual groups in the Free State and, if I may say so, their opinions are most important in public affairs.I think it is only proper that  "  "Moment," I said."Thought you represented Eighth Novylen District?""Gospodin President!Am I to be permitted to put my questions?Or not?""He wasn't asking question, was making speech.And I'm tired and want to go to bed. "Prof said gently, "We are all tired, Manuel.But your point is well taken.Congressman, you represent only your district.As a member of the government you have been assigned certain duties in connection with certain professions. ""It comes to the same thing. ""Not quite.Please state your question. ""Uh...very well, I shall!Is Field Marshal Davis aware that his bombardment plan has gone wrong completely and that thousands of lives have been pointlessly destroyed?And is he aware of the extremely serious view taken of this by the intelligentsia of this Republic?And can he explain why this rash  I repeat, rash!bombardment was undertaken without consultation?And is he now prepared to modify his plans, or is he going blindly ahead?And is it true as charged that our missiles were of the nuclear sort outlawed by all civilized nations?And how does he expect Luna Free State ever to be welcomed into the councils of civilized nations in view of such actions?"I looked at watch  hour and a half since first load hit."Prof," I said, "can you tell me what this is about?""Sorry, Manuel," he said gently."I intended  I should have  prefaced the meeting with an item from the news.But you seemed to feel that you had been bypassed and  well, I did not.The Minister refers to a news dispatch that came in just before I called you.Reuters in Toronto.If the flash is correct  then instead of taking our warnings it seems that thousands of sightseers crowded to the targets.There probably have been casualties.How many we do not know. ""I see.What was I supposed to do?Take each one by hand and lead away?We warned them. "Wright cut in with, "The intelligentsia feel that basic humanitarian considerations make it obligatory  "  I said, "Listen, yammerhead, you heard President say this news just came in  so how do you know how anybody feels about it?"He turned red."Gospodin President!Epithets!Personalities!""Don't call the Minister names, Manuel. ""Won't if he won't.He's simply using fancier words.What's that nonsense about nuclear bombs?We haven't any and you all know it. "Prof looked puzzled."I am confused by that, too.This dispatch so alleged.But the thing that puzzled me is that we could actually see, by video, what certainly seemed to be atomic explosions. ""Oh. "I turned to Wright."Did your brainy friends tell you what happens when you release a few billion calories in a split second all at one spot?What temperature?How much radiance?""Then you admit that you did use atomic weapons!""Oh, Bog!"Head was aching."Said nothing of sort.Hit anything hard enough, strike sparks.Elementary physics, known to everybody but intelligentsia.We just struck damnedest big sparks ever made by human agency, is all.Big flash.Heat, light, ultraviolet.Might even produce X rays, couldn't say.Gamma radiation I strongly doubt.Alpha and beta, impossible.Was sudden release of mechanical energy.But nuclear?Nonsense!"Prof said, "Does that answer your questions, Mr.Minister?""It simply raises more questions.For example, this bombardment is far beyond anything the Cabinet authorized.You saw the shocked faces when those terrible lights appeared on the screen.Yet the Minister of Defense says that it is even now continuing, every twenty minutes.I think  "  Glanced at watch."Another just hit Cheyenne Mountain. "Wright said, "You hear that?You hear?He boasts of it.Gospodin President, this carnage must stop!"I said, "Yammer   Minister, are you suggesting that their space defense HQ is not a military target?Which side are you on?Luna's?Or F. N.?""Manuel!""Tired of this nonsense!Was told to do job, did it.Get this yammerhead off my back!"Was shocked silence, then somebody said quietly, "May I make a suggestion?"Prof looked around."If anyone has a suggestion that will quiet this unseemliness, I will be most happy to hear it. ""Apparently we don't have very good information as to what these bombs are doing.It seems to me that we ought to slow up that twenty minute schedule.Stretch it out, say to one every hour  and skip the next two hours while we get more news.Then we might want to postpone the attack on great China at least twenty four hours. "Were approving nods from almost everybody and murmurs: "Sensible idea!""Da.Let's not rush things. "Prof said, "Manuel?"I snapped, "Prof, you know answer!Don't shove it on me!""Perhaps I do, Manuel...but I'm tired and confused and can't remember it. "Wyoh said suddenly, "Mannie, explain it.I need it explained, too. "So pulled self together."A simple matter of law of gravitation.Would have to use computer to give exact answer but next half dozen shots are fully committed.Most we can do is push them off target  and maybe hit some town we haven't warned.Can't dump them into an ocean, is too late; Cheyenne Mountain is fourteen hundred kilometers inland.As for stretching schedule to once an hour, that's silly.Aren't tube capsules you start and stop; these are falling rocks.Going to hit somewhere every twenty minutes.You can hit Cheyenne Mountain which hasn't anything alive left on it by now  or can hit somewhere else and kill people.Idea of delaying strike on Great China by twenty four hours is just as silly.Can abort missiles for Great China for a while yet.But can't slow them up.If you abort, you waste them  and everybody who thinks we have steel casings to waste had better go up to catapult head and look. "Prof wiped brow."I think all questions have been answered, at least to my satisfaction. ""Not to mine, sir!""Sit down, Gospodin Wright.You force me to remind you that your ministry is not part of the War Cabinet.If there are no more questions  I hope there are none  I will adjourn this meeting.We all need rest.So let us  "  "Prof!""Yes, Manuel?""You never let me finish reporting.Late tomorrow or early Sunday we catch it. ""How, Manuel?""Bombing.Invasion possible.Two cruisers headed this way. "That got attention.Presently Prof said tiredly, "The Government Cabinet is adjourned.The War Cabinet will remain. ""Just a second," I said."Prof, when we took office, you got undated resignations from us. ""True.I hope not to have to use any of them, however. ""You're about to use one. ""Manuel, is that a threat?""Call it what you like. "I pointed at Wright."Either that yammerhead goes...or I go. ""Manuel, you need sleep. "Was blinking back tears."Certainly do!And going to get some.Right now!Going to find a doss here at Complex and get some.About ten hours.After that, if am still Minister of Defense, you can wake me.Otherwise let me sleep. "By now everybody was looking shocked.Wyoh came up and stood by me.Didn't speak, just slipped hand into my arm.Prof said firmly, "All please leave save the War Cabinet and Gospodin Wright. "He waited while most filed out.Then said, "Manuel, I can't accept your resignation.Nor can I let you chivvy me into hasty action concerning Gospodin Wright, not when we are tired and overwrought.It would be better if you two were to exchange apologies, each realizing that the other has been overstrained. ""Uh  " I turned to Finn."Has he been fighting?"I indicated Wright."Huh?Hell, no.At least he's not in my outfits.How about it, Wright?Did you fight when they invaded us?'Wright said stiffly, "I had no opportunity.By the time I knew of it, it was over.But now both my bravery and my loyalty have been impugned.I shall insist  "  "Oh, shut up," I said."If duel is what you want, can have it first moment I'm not busy.Prof, since he doesn't have strain of fighting as excuse for behavior, I won't apologize to a yammerhead for being a yammerhead.And you don't seem to understand issue.You let this yammerhead climb on my back  and didn't even try to stop him!So either fire him, or fire me. "Finn said suddenly, "I match that, Prof.Either fire this louse  or fire us both. "He looked at Wright."About that duel, choom  you're going to fight me first.You've got two arms  Mannie hasn't. ""Don't need two arms for him.But thanks, Finn. "Wyoh was crying  could feel it though couldn't hear it.Prof said to her most sadly, "Wyoming?""I'm s s sorry, Prof!Me, too. "Only "Clayton" Watenabe, Judge Brody, Wolfgang, Stu, and Sheenie were left, handful who counted  War Cabinet.Prof looked at them; I could see they were with me, though it cost Wolfgang an effort; he worked with Prof.not with me.Prof looked back at me and said softly, "Manuel, it works both ways.What you are doing is forcing me to resign. "He looked around."Goodnight, comrades.Or rather, 'Good morning. 'I'm going to get some badly needed rest. "He walked briskly out without looking back.Wright was gone; I didn't see him leave.Finn said, "What about these cruisers, Mannie?"I took deep breath."Nothing earlier than Saturday afternoon.But you ought to evacuate Tycho Under.Can't talk now.Groggy. "Agreed to meet him there at twenty one hundred, then let Wyoh lead me away.Think she put me to bed but don't remember.27   Prof was there when I met Finn in Warden's office shortly before twenty one hundred Friday.Had had nine hours' sleep, bath, breakfast Wyoh had fetched from somewhere, and a talk with Mike  everything going to revised plan, ships had not changed ballistic, Great China strike about to happen.Got to office in time to see strike by video  all okay and effectively over by twenty one oh one and Prof got down to business.Nothing said about Wright, or about resigning.Never saw Wright again.I mean I never saw him again.Nor ask about him.Prof didn't mention row, so I didn't.We went over news and tactical situation.Wright had been correct in saying that "thousands of lives" had been lost; news up from Earthside was full of it.How many we'll never know; if a person stands at ground zero and tonnes of rock land on him, isn't much left.Those they could count were ones farther away, killed by blast.Call if fifty thousand in North America.Never will understand people!We spent three days warning them  and you couldn't say they hadn't heard warnings; that was why they were there.To see show.To laugh at our nonsense.To get "souvenirs. "Whole families went to targets, some with picnic baskets.Picnic baskets!Bojemoi!And now those alive were yelling for our blood for this "senseless slaughter. "Da.Hadn't been any indignation over their invasion and (nuclear!)bombing of us four days earlier   but oh were they sore over our "premeditated murder. "Great New York Times demanded that entire Lunar "rebel" government be fetched Earthside and publicly executed   "This is clearly a case in which the humane rule against capital punishment must be waived in the greater interests of all mankind. "Tried not to think about it, just as had been forced not to think too much about Ludmilla.Little Milla hadn't carried a picnic lunch.She hadn't been a sightseer looking for thrills.Tycho Under was pressing problem.If those ships bombed warrens  and news from Earthside was demanding exactly that  Tycho Under could not take it; roof was thin.H bomb would decompress all levels; airlocks aren't built for H bomb blasts.(Still don't understand people.Terra was supposed to have an absolute ban against using H bombs on people; that was what F. N.  was all about.Yet were loud yells for F. N.  to H bomb us.They quit claiming that our bombs were nuclear, but  all North America seemed frothingly anxious to have us nukebombed)  Don't understand Loonies for that matter.Finn had sent word through his militia that Tycho Under must be evacuated; Prof had repeated it over video.Nor was it problem; Tycho Under was small enough that Novylen and L City could doss and dine them.We could divert enough capsules to move them all in twenty hours  dump them into Novylen and encourage half of them to go on to L City.Big job but no problems.Oh, minor problems  start compressing city's air while evacuating people, so as to save it; decompress fully at end to minimize damage; move as much food as was time for; cofferdam accesses to lower farm tunnels; so forth  all things we knew how to do and with stilyagi and militia and municipal maintenance people had organization to do.Had they started evacuating?Hear that hollow echo!Were capsules lined up nose to tail at Tycho Under and no room to send more till some left.And weren't moving."Mannie," said Finn, "don't think they are going to evacuate. ""Damn it," I said, "they've got to.When we spot a missile headed for Tycho Under will be too late.You'll have people trampling people and trying to crowd into capsules that won't hold them.Finn, your boys have got to make them. "Prof shook his head."No, Manuel. "I said angrily, "Prof, you carry this 'no coercion' idea too far!You know they'll riot. ""Then they will riot.But we will continue with persuasion, not force.Let us now review plans. 'Plans weren't much but were best we could do.Warn everybody about expected bombings and/or invasion.Rotate guards from Finn's militia above each warren starting when and if cruisers passed around Luna into blind space, Farside  not get caught flat footed again.Maximum pressure and p suit precautions, all warrens.All military and semi military to go on blue alert sixteen hundred Saturday, red alert if missiles launched or ships maneuvered.Brody's gunners encouraged to go into town and get drunk or whatever, returning by fifteen hundred Saturday  Prof's idea.Finn wanted to keep half of them on duty.Prof said No, they would be in better shape for a long vigil if they relaxed and enjoyed selves first  I agreed with Prof.As for bombing Terra we made no changes in first rotation.Were getting anguished responses from India, no news from Great China.Yet India had little to moan about.Had not used a grid on her, too heavily populated.Aside from picked spots in Thar Desert and some peaks, targets were coastal waters off seaports.But should have picked higher mountains or given less warning; seemed from news that some holy man followed by endless pilgrims chose to climb each target peak and hold off our retaliation by sheer spiritual strength.So we were murderers again.Besides that, our water shots killed millions of fish and many fishermen, as fishermen and other seafarers had not heeded warnings.Indian government seemed as furious over fish as over fishermen  but principle of sacredness of all life did not apply to us; they wanted our heads.Africa and Europe responded more sensibly but differently.Life has never been sacred in Africa and those who went sightseeing on targets got little bleeding heart treatment.Europe had a day to learn that we could hit where we promised and that our bombs were deadly.People killed, yes, especially bullheaded sea captains.But not killed in empty headed swarms as in India and North America.Casualties were even lighter in Brasil and other parts of South America.Then was North America's turn again  0950.28 Saturday 17 Oct '76.Mike timed it for exactly 1000 our time which, allowing for one day's progress of Luna in orbit and for rotation of Terra, caused North America to face toward us at 0500 their East Coast time and 0200 their West Coast time.But argument as to what to do with this targeting had started early Saturday morning.Prof had not called meeting of War Cabinet but they showed up anyhow, except "Clayton" Watenabe who had gone back to Kongville to take charge of defenses.Prof, self, Finn, Wyoh, Judge Brody, Wolfgang, Stu, Terence Sheehan  which made eight different opinions.Prof is right; more than three people can't decide anything.Six opinions, should say, for Wyoh kept pretty mouth shut, and so did Prof; he moderated.But others were noisy enough for eighteen.Stu didn't care what we hit  provided New York Stock Exchange opened on Monday morning."We sold short in nineteen different directions on Thursday.If this nation is not to be bankrupt before it's out of its cradle, my buy orders covering those shorts had better be executed.Tell them, Wolf; make them understand. "Brody wanted to use catapult to smack any more ships leaving parking orbit.Judge knew nothing about ballistics  simply understood that his drillmen were in exposed positions.I didn't argue as most remaining loads were already in stow orbits and rest would be soon  and didn't think we would have old catapult much longer.Sheenie thought it would be smart to repeat that grid while placing one load exactly on main building of North American Directorate."I know Americans, I was one before they shipped me.They're sorry as hell they ever turned things over to F. N.  Knock off those bureaucrats and they'll come over to our side. "Wolfgang Korsakov, to Stu's disgust, thought that theft speculations might do better if all stock exchanges were closed till it was over.Finn wanted to go for broke  warn them to get those ships out of our sky, then hit them for real if they didn't."Sheenie is wrong about Americans; I know them, too.N. A.  is toughest part of F. N. ; they're the ones to lick.They're already calling us murderers, so now we've got to hit them, hard!Hit American cities and we can call off the rest. "I slid out, talked with Mike, made notes.Went back in; they were still arguing.Prof looked up as I sat down."Field Marshal, you have not expressed your opinion. "I said, "Prof, can't we lay off that 'field marshal' nonsense?Children are in bed, can afford to be honest. ""As you wish, Manuel. ""Been waiting to see if any agreement would be reached. "Was none."Don't see why I should have opinion," I went on."Am just errand boy, here because I know how to program ballistic computer. "Said this looking straight at Wolfgang  a number one comrade but a dirty word intellectual.I'm just a mechanic whose grammar isn't much while Wolf graduated from a fancy school, Oxford, before they convicted him.He deferred to Prof but rarely to anybody else.Stu, da  but Stu had fancy credentials, too.Wolf stirred uneasily and said, "Oh, come, Mannie, of course we want your opinions. ""Don't have any.Bombing plan was worked out carefully; everybody had chance to criticize.Haven't seen anything justify changing it. "Prof said, "Manuel, will you review the second bombardment of North America for the benefit of all of us?""Okay.Purpose of second smearing is to force them to use up interceptor rockets.Every shot is aimed at big cities  at null targets, I mean, close to big cities.Which we tell them, shortly before we hit them  how soon, Sheenie?""We're telling them now.But we can change it.And should. ""As may be.Propaganda isn't my pidgin.In most cases, to aim close enough to force them to intercept we have to use water targets  rough enough; besides killing fish and anybody who won't stay off water, it causes tremjous local storms and shore damage. "Glanced at watch, saw I would have to stall."Seattle gets one in Puget Sound right in her lap.San Francisco is going to lose two bridges she's fond of.Los Angeles gets one between Long Beach and Catalina and another a few kilometers up coast.Mexico City is inland so we put one on Popocatepetl where they can see it.Salt Lake City gets one in her lake.Denver we ignore; they can see what's happening in Colorado Springs  for we smack Cheyenne Mountain again and keep it up, just as soon as we have it in line of sight.Saint Louis and Kansas City get shots in their rivers and so does New Orleans  probably flood New Orleans.All Great Lake cities get it, a long list  shall I read it?""Later perhaps," said Prof."Go ahead. ""Boston gets one in her harbor, New York gets one in Long Island Sound and another midway between her two biggest bridges  think it will ruin those bridges but we promise to miss them and will.Going down their east coast, we give treatment to two Delaware Bay cities, then two on Chesapeake Bay, one being of max historical and sentimental importance.Farther south we catch three more big cities with sea shots, Going inland we smack Cincinnati, Birmingham, Chattanooga, Oklahoma City, all with river shots or nearby mountains.Oh, yes, Dallas  we destroy Dallas spaceport and should catch some ships, were six there last time I checked.Won't kill any people unless they insist on standing on target; Dallas is perfect place to bomb, that spaceport is big and flat and empty, yet maybe ten million people will see us hit it. ""If you hit it," said Sheenie."When, not 'if. 'Each shot is backed up by one an hour later.If neither one gets through, we have shots farther back which can be diverted  for example easy to shift targets among Delaware Bay Chesapeake Bay group.Same for Great Lakes group.But Dallas has its own string of backups and a long one  we expect it to be heavily defended.Backups run about six hours, as long as we can see North America  and last backups can be placed anywhere on continent...since farther out a load is when we divert it, farther we can shift it. ""I don't follow that," said Brody."A matter of vectors, Judge.A guidance rocket can give a load so many meters per second of side vector.Longer that vector has to work, farther from original point of aim load will land.If we signal a guidance rocket three hours before impact, we displace impact three times as much as if we waited till one hour before impact.Not quite that simple but our computer can figure it  if you give it time enough. ""How long is 'time enough'?"asked Wolfgang.I carefully misunderstood."Computer can solve that sort of problem almost instantaneously once you program it.But such decisions are pre programmed.Something like this: If, out of target group A, B, C, and D, you find that you have failed to hit three targets on first and second salvoes, you reposition all group one second backups so that you will be able to choose those three targets while distributing other second backups of that group for possible use on group two while repositioning third backups of supergroup Alpha such that  "  "Slow up!"said Wolfgang."I'm not a computer.I just want to know how long before we have to make up our minds. ""Oh. "I studied watch showily."You now have...three minutes fifty eight seconds in which to abort leading load for Kansas City.Abort program is set up and I have my best assistant  fellow named Mike  standing by.Shall I phone him?"Sheenie said, "For heaven's sake, Man  abort!""Like hell!"said Finn."What's matter, Terence?No guts?"Prof said, "Comrades!Please!"I said, "Look, I take orders from head of state  Prof over there.If he wants opinions, he'll ask.No use yelling at each other. "I looked at watch."Call it two and a half minutes.More margin, of course, for other targets; Kansas City is farthest from deep water.But some Great Lake cities are already past ocean abort; Lake Superior is best we can do.Salt Lake City maybe an extra minute.Then they pile up. "I waited."Roll call," said Prof."To carry out the program.General Nielsen?""Da!""Gospazha Davis?"Wyoh caught breath."Da. ""Judge Brody?""Yes, of course.Necessary. ""Wolfgang?""Yes. ""Comte LaJoie?""Da. ""Gospodin Sheehan?""You're missing a bet.But I'll go along.Unanimous. ""One moment.Manuel?""Is up to you, Prof; always has been.Voting is silly. ""I am aware that it is up to me, Gospodin Minister.Carry out bombardment to plan. "Most targets we managed to hit by second salvo though all were defended except Mexico City.Seemed likely (98.3 percent by Mike's later calculation) that interceptors were exploding by radar fusing with set distances that incorrectly estimated vulnerability of solid cylinders of rock.Only three rocks were destroyed; others were pushed off course and thereby did more harm than if not fired at.New York was tough; Dallas turned out to be very tough.Perhaps difference lay in local control of interception, for it seemed unlikely that command post in Cheyenne Mountain was still effective.Perhaps we had not cracked their hole in the ground (don't know how deep down it was) but I'll bet that neither men nor computers were still tracking.Dallas blew up or pushed aside first five rocks, so I told Mike to take everything he could from Cheyenne Mountain and award it to Dallas...which he was able to do two salvoes later; those two targets are less than a thousand kilometers apart.Dallas's defenses cracked on next salvo; Mike gave their spaceport three more (already committed) then shifted back to Cheyenne Mountain  later ones had never been nudged and were still earmarked "Cheyenne Mountain. "He was still giving that battered mountain cosmic love pats when America rolled down and under Terra's eastern edge.I stayed with Mike all during bombardment, knowing it would be our toughest.As he shut down till time to dust Great China, Mike said thoughtfully, "Man, I don't think we had better hit that mountain again. ""Why not, Mike?""It's not there any longer. ""You might divert its backups.When do you have to decide?""I would put them on Albuquerque and Omaha but had best start now; tomorrow will be busy.Man my best friend, you should leave. ""Bored with me, pal?""In the next few hours that first ship may launch missiles.When that happens I want to shift all ballistic control to Little David's Sling  and when I do, you should be at Mare Undarum site. ""What's fretting you, Mike?""That boy is accurate, Man.But he's stupid.I want him supervised.Decisions may have to be made in a hurry and there isn't anyone there who can program him properly.You should be there. ""Okay if you say so, Mike.But if needs a fast program, will still have to phone you. "Greatest shortcoming of computers isn't computer shortcoming at all but fact that a human takes a long time, maybe hours, to set up a program that a computer solves in milliseconds.One best quality of Mike was that he could program himself.Fast.Just explain problem, let him program.Samewise and equally, he could program "idiot son" enormously faster than human could."But, Man, I want you there because you may not be able to phone me; the lines may be cut.So I've prepared a group of possible programs for Junior; they may be helpful. ""Okay, print 'em out.And let me talk to Prof. "Mike got Prof; I made sure he was private, then explained what Mike thought I should do.Thought Prof would object  was hoping he would insist I stay through coming bombardment/invasion/whatever  those ships.Instead he said, "Manuel, it's essential that you go.I've hesitated to tell you.Did you discuss odds with Mike?""Nyet. ""I have continued to do so.To put it bluntly, if Luna City is destroyed and I am dead and the rest of the government is dead  even if all Mike's radar eyes here are blinded and he himself is cut off from the new catapult  all of which may happen under severe bombardment...even if all this happens at once, Mike still gives Luna even chances if Little David's Sling can operate  and you are there to operate it. "I said, "Da, Boss.Yassuh, Massuh.You and Mike are stinkers and want to hog fun.Will do. ""Very good, Manuel. "Stayed with Mike another hour while he printed out meter after meter of programs tailored to other computer  work that would have taken me six months even if able to think of all possibilities.Mike had it indexed and cross referenced  with horribles in it I hardly dare mention.Mean to say, given circumstances and seemed necessary to destroy (say) Paris, this told how  what missiles in what orbits, how to tell Junior to find them and bring to target.Or anything.Was reading this endless document  not programs but descriptions of purpose of program that headed each  when Wyoh phoned."Mannie dear, has Prof told you about going to Mare Undarum?""Yes.Was going to call you. ""All right.I'll pack for us and meet you at Station East.When can you be there?""Pack for 'us'?You're going?""Didn't Prof say?""No. "Suddenly felt cheerful."I felt guilty about it, dear.I wanted to go with you...but had no excuse.After all, I'm no use around a computer and I do have responsibilities here.Or did.But now I've been fired from all my jobs and so have you. ""Huh?""You are no longer Defense Minister; Finn is.Instead you are Deputy Prime Minister  "  "Well!""  and Deputy Minister of Defense, too.I'm already Deputy Speaker and Stu has been appointed Deputy Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs.So he goes with us, too. ""I'm confused. ""It's not as sudden as it sounds; Prof and Mike worked it out months ago.Decentralization, dear, the same thing that McIntyre has been working on for the warrens.If there is a disaster at L City, Luna Free State still has a government.As Prof put it to me, 'Wyoh dear lady, as long as you three and a few Congressmen are left alive, all is not lost.You can still negotiate on equal terms and never admit your wounds. '"So I wound up as a computer mechanic.Stu and Wyoh met me, with luggage (including rest of my arms), and we threaded through endless unpressured tunnels in p suits, on a small flatbed rolligon used to haul steel to site.Greg had big rolligon meet us for surface stretch, then met us himself when we went underground again.So I missed attack on ballistic radars Saturday night.28   Captain of first ship, FNS Esperance, had guts.Late Saturday he changed course, headed straight in.Apparently figured we might attempt jingle jangle with radars, for he seems to have decided to come in close enough to see our radar installations by ship's radar rather than rely on letting his missiles home in on our beams.Seems to have considered himself, ship, and crew expendable, for he was down to a thousand kilometers before he launched, a spread that went straight for five out of six of Mike's radars, ignoring random jingle jangle.Mike, expecting self soon to be blinded, turned Brody's boys loose to burn ship's eyes, held them on it for three seconds before he shifted them to missiles.Result: one crashed cruiser, two ballistic radars knocked out by H missiles, three missiles "killed"  and two gun crews killed, one by H explosion, other by dead missile that landed square on them  plus thirteen gunners with radiation burns above 800 roentgen death level, partly from flash, partly from being on surface too long.And must add: Four members of Lysistrata Corps died with those crews; they elected to p suit and go up with their men.Other girls had serious radiation exposure but not up to 800 r level.Second cruiser continued an elliptical orbit around and behind Luna.Got most of this from Mike after we arrived Little David's Sling early Sunday.He was feeling groused over loss of two of his eyes and still more groused over gun crews  I think Mike was developing something like human conscience; he seemed to feel it was his fault that he had not been able to outfight six targets at once.I pointed out that what he had to fight with was improvised, limited range, not real weapons."How about self, Mike?Are you right?""In all essentials.I have outlying discontinuities.One live missile chopped my circuits to Novy Leningrad, but reports routed through Luna City inform me that local controls tripped in satisfactorily with no loss in city services.I feel frustrated by these discontinuities  but they can be dealt with later. ""Mike, you sound tired. ""Me tired?Ridiculous!Man, you forget what I am.I'm annoyed, that's all. ""When will that second ship be back in sight?""In about three hours if he were to hold earlier orbit.But he will not  probability in excess of ninety percent.I expect him in about an hour. ""A Garrison orbit, huh?Oho!""He left my sight at azimuth and course east thirty two north.Does that suggest anything, Man?"Tried to visualize."Suggests they are going to land and try to capture you, Mike.Have you told Finn?I mean, have you told Prof to warn Finn?""Professor knows.But that is not the way I analyze it. ""So?Well, suggests I had better shut up and let you work. "Did so.Lenore fetched me breakfast while I inspected Junior  and am ashamed to say could not manage to grieve over losses with both Wyoh and Lenore present.Mum had sent Lenore out "to cook for Greg" after Milla's death   just an excuse; were enough wives at site to provide homecooking for everybody.Was for Greg's morale and Lenore's, too; Lenore and Milla had been close.Junior seemed to be right.He was working on South America, one load at a time.I stayed in radar room and watched, at extreme magnification, while he placed one in estuary between Montevideo and Buenos Aires; Mike could not have been more accurate.I then checked his program for North America, found naught to criticize  locked it in and took key.Junior was on his own  unless Mike got clear of other troubles and decided to take back control.Then sat and tried to listen to news both from Earthside and L City.Co ax cable from L City carried phones, Mike's hookup to his idiot child, radio, and video; site was no longer isolated.But, besides cable from L City, site had antennas pointed at Terra; any Earthside news Complex could pick up, we could listen to directly.Nor was this silly extra; radio and video from Terra had been only recreation during construction and this was now a standby in case that one cable was broken.F. N.  official satellite relay was claiming that Luna's ballistic radars had been destroyed and that we were now helpless.Wondered what people of Buenos Aires and Montevideo thought about that.Probably too busy to listen; m some ways water shots were worse than those where we could find open land.Luna City Lunatic's video channel was carrying Sheenie telling Loonies outcome of attack by Esperance, repeating news while warning everybody that battle was not over, a warship would be back in our sky any moment  be ready for anything, everybody stay in p suits (Sheenie was wearing his, with helmet open), take maximum pressure precautions, all units stay on red alert, all citizens not otherwise called by duty strongly urged to seek lowest level and stay there till all clear.And so forth.He went through this several times  then suddenly broke it: "Flash!Enemy cruiser radar sighted, low and fast.It may dido for Luna City.Flash!Missiles launched, headed for ejection end of  "  Picture and sound chopped off.Might as well tell now what we at Little David's Sling learned later: Second cruiser, by coming in low and fast, tightest orbit Luna's field permits, was able to start its bombing at ejection end of old catapult, a hundred kilometers from catapult head and Brody's gunners, and knock many rings out in minute it took him to come into sight and range of drill guns, all clustered around radars at catapult head.Guess he felt safe.Wasn't.Brody's boys burned eyes out and ears off.He made one orbit after that and crashed near Torricelli, apparently in attempt to land, for his jets fired just before crash.But our next news at new site was from Earthside: that brassy F. N.  frequency claimed that our catapult had been destroyed (true) and that Lunar menace was ended (false) and called on all Loonies to take prisoner their false leaders and surrender themselves to mercy of Federated Nations (nonexistent  "mercy," that is).Listened to it and checked programming again, and went inside dark radar room.If everything went as planned, we were about to lay another egg in Hudson River, then targets in succession for three hours across that continent  "in succession" because Junior could not handle simultaneous hits; Mike had planned accordingly.Hudson River was hit on schedule.Wondered how many New Yorkers were listening to F. N.  newscast while looking at spot that gave it lie.Two hours later F. N.  station was saying that Lunar rebels had had missiles in orbit when catapult was destroyed  but that after those few had impacted would be no more.When third bombing of North America was complete I shut down radar.Had not been running steadily; Junior was programmed to sneak looks only as necessary, a few seconds at a time.I then had nine hours before next bombing of Great China.But not nine hours for most urgent decision, whether to hit Great China again.Without information.Except from Terra's news channels.Which might be false.Bloody.Without knowing whether or not warrens had been bombed.Or Prof was dead or alive.Double bloody.Was I now acting prime minister?Needed Prof: "head of state" wasn't my glass of chai.Above all, needed Mike  to calculate facts, estimate uncertainties, project probabilities of this course or that.My word, didn't even know whether ships were headed toward us and, worse yet, was afraid to look.If turned radar on and used Junior for sky search, any warship he brushed with beams would see him quicker than he saw them; warships were built to spot radar surveillance.So had heard.Hell, was no military man; was computer technician who had bumbled into wrong field.Somebody buzzed door; I got up and unlocked.Was Wyoh, with coffee.Didn't say a word, just handed it to me and went away.Sipped it.There it is, boy  they're leaving you alone, waiting for you to pull miracles out of pouch.Didn't feel up to it.From somewhere, back in my youth, heard Prof say, "Manuel, when faced with a problem you do not understand, do any part of it you do understand, then look at it again. "He had been teaching me something he himself did not understand very well  something in maths  but had taught me something far more important, a basic principle.Knew at once what to do first.Went over to Junior and had him print out predicted impacts of all loads in orbit  easy, was a pre program he could run anytime against real time running.While he was doing it, I looked for certain alternate programs in that long roll Mike had prepared.Then set up some of those alternate programs  no trouble, simply had to be careful to read them correctly and punch them in without error.Made Junior print back for check before I gave him signal to execute.When finished  forty minutes  every load in trajectory intended for an inland target had been retargeted for a seacoast city  with hedge to my bet that execution was delayed for rocks farther back.But, unless I canceled, Junior would reposition them as soon as need be.Now horrible pressure of time was off me, now could abort any load into ocean right up to last few minutes before impact.Now could think.So did.Then called in my 'War Cabinet"  Wyoh, Stu, and Greg my "Commander of Armed Forces," using Greg's office.Lenore was allowed to go in and out, fetching coffee and food, or sitting and saying nothing.Lenore is a sensible fem and knows when to keep quiet.Stu started it."Mr.Prime Minister, I do not think that Great China should be hit this time. ""Never mind fancy titles, Stu.Maybe I'm acting, maybe not.But haven't time for formality. ""Very well.May I explain my proposal?""Later. "I explained what I had done to give us more time; he nodded and kept quiet."Our tightest squeeze is that we are out of communication, both Luna City and Earthside.Greg, how about that repair crew?""Not back yet. ""If break is near Luna City, they may be gone a long time.If can repair at all.So must assume we'll have to act on our own.Greg, do you have an electronics tech who can jury rig a radio that will let us talk to Earthside?To their satellites, I mean   that doesn't take much with right antenna.I may be able to help and that computer tech I sent you isn't too clumsy, either. "(Quite good, in fact, for ordinary electronics  a poor bloke I had once falsely accused of allowing a fly to get into Mike's guts.I had placed him in this job. )"Harry Biggs, my power plant boss, can do anything of that sort," Greg said thoughtfully, "if he has the gear. ""Get him on it.You can vandalize anything but radar and computer once we get all loads out of catapult.How many lined up?""Twenty three, and no more steel. ""So twenty three it is, win or lose.I want them ready for loading; might lob them off today. ""They're ready.We can load as fast as the cat can throw them. ""Good.One more thing   Don't know whether there's an F. N.  cruiser  maybe more than one  in our sky or not.And afraid to look.By radar, I mean; radar for skywatch could give away our position.But must have skywatch.Can you get volunteers for an eyeball skywatch and can you spare them?"Lenore spoke up."I volunteer!""Thanks, honey; you're accepted. ""We'll find them," said Greg."Won't need fems. ""Let her do it, Greg; this is everybody's show. "Explained what I wanted: Mare Undarum was now in dark semi lunar; Sun had set.Invisible boundary between sunlight and Luna's shadow stretched over us, a precise locus.Ships passing through our sky would wink suddenly into view going west, blink out going east.Visible part of orbit would stretch from horizon to some point in sky.If eyeball team could spot both points, mark one by bearing, other by stars, and approximate time by counting seconds, Junior could start guessing orbit  two passes and Junior would know its period and something about shape of orbit.Then I would have some notion of when would be safe to use radar and radio, and catapult  did not want to loose a load with F. N.  ship above horizon, could be radar looking our way.Perhaps too cautious  but had to assume that this catapult, this one radar, these two dozen missiles, were all that stood between Luna and total defeat  and our bluff hinged on them never knowing what we had or where it was.We had to appear endlessly able to pound Terra with missiles, from source they had not suspected and could never find.Then as now, most Loonies knew nothing about astronomy  we're cave dwellers, we go up to surface only when necessary.But we were lucky; was amateur astronomer in Greg's crew, cobber who had worked at Richardson.I explained, put him in charge, let him worry about teaching eyeball crew how to tell stars apart.I got these things started before we went back to talk talk."Well, Stu?Why shouldn't we hit Great China?""I'm still expecting word from Dr.Chan.I received one message from him, phoned here shortly before we were cut off from cities  "  "My word, why didn't you tell me?""I tried to, but you had yourself locked in and I know better than to bother you when you are busy with ballistics.Here's the translation.Usual LuNoHo Company address with a reference which means it's for me and that it has come through my Paris agent.'Our Darwin sales representative'  that's Chan  'informs us that your shipments of'  well, never mind the coding; he means the attack days while appearing to refer to last June  'were improperly packaged resulting in unacceptable damage.Unless this can be corrected, negotiations for long term contract will be serously jeopardized. "Stu looked up."All doubletalk.I take it to mean that Dr.Chan feels that he has his government ready to talk terms...but that we should let up on bombing Great China or we may upset his apple cart. ""Hmm  " Got up and walked around.Ask Wyoh's opinion?Nobody knew Wyoh's virtues better than I. ..but she oscillated between fierceness and too human compassion  and I had learned already that a "head of state," even an acting one, must have neither.Ask Greg?Greg was a good farmer, a better mechanic, a rousing preacher; I loved him dearly  but did not want his opinion.Stu?I had had his opinion.Or did I?"Stu, what's your opinion?Not Chan's opinion  but your own. "Stu looked thoughtful."That's difficult, Mannie.I am not Chinese, I have not spent much time in Great China, and can't claim to be expert in their politics nor their psychology.So I'm forced to depend on his opinion. ""Uh   Damn it, he's not a Loonie!His purposes are not our purposes.What does he expect to get out of it?""I think he is maneuvering for a monopoly over Lunar trade.Perhaps bases here, too.Possibly an extraterritorial enclave.Not that we would grant that. ""Might if we were hurtin'. ""He didn't say any of this.He doesn't say much, you know.He listens. ""Too well I know. "Worried at it, more bothered each minute.News from Earthside had been droning in background; I had asked Wyoh to monitor while I was busy with Greg."Wyoh, hon, anything new from Earthside?""No.The same claims.We've been utterly defeated and our surrender is expected momentarily.Oh, there's a warning that some missiles are still in space, falling out of control, but with it a reassurance that the paths are being analyzed and people will be warned in time to avoid impact areas. ""Anything to suggest that Prof  or anybody in Luna City, or anywhere in Luna  is in touch with Earthside?""Nothing at all. ""Damn.Anything from Great China?""No.Comments from almost everywhere else.But not from Great China. ""Uh  " Stepped to door."Greg!Hey, cobber, see if you can find Greg Davis.I need him. "Closed door."Stu, we're not going to let Great China off. ""So?""No.Would be nice if Great China busted alliance against us; might save us some damage.But we've got this far only by appearing able to hit them at will and to destroy any ship they send against us.At least I hope that last one was burned and we've certainly clobbered eight out of nine.We won't get anywhere by looking weak, not while F. N.  is claiming that we are not just weak but finished.Instead we must hand them surprises.Starting with Great China and if it makes Dr.Chan unhappy, we'll give him a kerchief to weep into.If we can go on looking strong  when F. N.  says we're licked  then eventually some veto power is going to crack.If not Great China, then some other one. "Stu bowed without getting up."Very well, sir. ""I  "  Greg came in."You want me, Mannie?""What makes with Earthside sender?""Harry says you have it by tomorrow.A crummy rig, he says, but push watts through it and will be heard. ""Power we got.And if he says 'tomorrow' then he knows what he wants to build.So will be today  say six hours.I'll work under him.Wyoh hon, will you get my arms?Want number six and number three  better bring number five, too.And you stick with me and change arms for me.Stu, want you to write some nasty messages  I'll give you general idea and you put acid in them.Greg, we are not going to get all those rocks into space at once.Ones we have in space now will impact in next eighteen, nineteen hours.Then, when F. N.  is announcing that all rocks are accounted for and Lunar menace is over...we crash into their newscast and warn of next bombings.Shortest possible orbits, Greg, ten hours or less  so check everything on catapult and H plant and controls; with that extra boost all has to be dead on. "Wyoh was back with arms; I told her "number six" and added, "Greg, let me talk with Harry. "Six hours later sender was ready to beam toward Terra.Was ugly job, vandalized mainly out of a resonance prospector used in project's early stages.But could ride an audio signal on its radio frequency and was powerful.Stu's nastified versions of my warnings had been taped and Harry was ready to zipsqueal them  all Terran satellites could accept high speed at sixty to one and had no wish to have our sender heated more seconds than necessary; eyeball watch had confirmed fears: At least two ships were in orbit around Luna.So we told Great China that her major coastal cities would each receive a Lunar present offset ten kilometers into ocean  Pusan, Tsingtao, Taipei, Shanghai, Saigon, Bangkok, Singapore, Djakarta, Darwin, and so forth  except that Old Hong Kong would get one smack on top of F. N.'s Far East offices, so kindly have all human beings move far back.Stu noted that human beings did not mean F. N.  personnel; they were urged to stay at desks.India was given similar warnings about coastal cities and was told that F. N.  global offices would be spared one more rotation out of respect for cultural monuments in Agra  and to permit human beings to evacuate.(I intended to extend this by another rotation as deadline approached  out of respect for Prof.And then another, indefinitely.Damn it, they would build their home offices next door to most overdecorated tomb ever built.But one that Prof treasured. )Rest of world was told to keep their seats; game was going extra innings.But stay away from any F. N.  offices anywhere; we were frothing at mouth and no F. N.  office was safe.Better yet, get out of any city containing an F. N.  headquarters  but F. N.  vips and finks were urged to sit tight.Then spent next twenty hours coaching Junior into sneaking his radar peeks when our sky was clear of ships, or believed to be.Napped when I could and Lenore stayed with me and woke me in time for next coaching.And that ended Mike's rocks and we all went into alert while we got first of Junior's rocks flung high and fast.Waited until certain it had gone hot and true   then told Terra where to look for it and where and when to expect it, so that all would know that F. N.'s claims of victory were on a par with their century of lies about Luna  all in Stu's best, snotty, supercilious phrases delivered in his cultured accents.First one should have been for Great China but was one piece of North American Directorate we could reach with it  her proudest jewel, Hawaii.Junior placed it in triangle formed by Maui, Molokai, and Lanai.I didn't work out programming; Mike had anticipated everything.Then pronto we got off ten more rocks at short intervals (had to skip one program, a ship in our sky) and told Great China where to look and when to expect them and where  coastal cities we had neglected day before.Was down to twelve rocks but decided was safer to run out of ammunition than to look as if we were running out.So I awarded seven to Indian coastal cities, picking new targets  and Stu inquired sweetly if Agra had been evacuated.If not, please tell us at once.(But heaved no rock at it. )Egypt was told to clear shipping out of Suez Canal  bluff; was hoarding last five rocks.Then waited.Impact at Lahaina Roads, that target in Hawaii.Looked good at high mag; Mike could be proud of Junior.And waited.Thirty seven minutes before first China Coast impact Great China denounced actions of F. N. , recognized us, offered to negotiate  and I sprained a finger punching abort buttons.Then was punching buttons with sore finger; India stumbled over feet following suit.Egypt recognized us.Other nations started scrambling for door.Stu informed Terra that we had suspended  only suspended, not stopped  bombardments.Now get those ships out of our sky at once  NOW!and we could talk.If they could not get home without refilling tanks, let them land not less than fifty kilometers from any mapped warren, then wait for their surrender to be accepted.But clear our sky now!This ultimatum we delayed a few minutes to let a ship pass beyond horizon; we weren't taking chances  one missile and Luna would have been helpless.And waited.Cable crew returned.Had gone almost to Luna City, found break.But thousands of tonnes of loose rock impeded repair, so they had done what they could  gone back to a spot where they could get through to surface, erected a temporary relay in direction they thought Luna City lay, sent up a dozen rockets at ten minute intervals, and hoped that somebody would see, understand, aim a relay at it   Any communication?No.Waited.Eyeball squad reported that a ship which had been clockfaithful for nineteen passes had failed to show.Ten minutes later they reported that another ship had missed expected appearance.We waited and listened.Great China, speaking on behalf of all veto powers, accepted armistice and stated that our sky was now clear.Lenore burst into tears and kissed everybody she could reach.After we steadied down (a man can't think when women are grabbing him, especially when five of them are not his wives)  a few minutes later, when we were coherent, I said, "Stu, want you to leave for Luna City at once.Pick your party.No women  you'll have to walk surface last kilometers.Find out what's going on  but first get them to aim a relay at ours and phone me. ""Very good, sir. "We were getting him outfitted for a tough journey  extra air bottles, emergency shelter, so forth  when Earthside called me on frequency we were listening to because message was (learned later) on all frequencies up from Earthside:  "Private message, Prof to Mannie  identification, birthday Bastille and Sherlock's sibling.Come home at once.Your carriage waits at your new relay.Private message, Prof to  "  And went on repeating."Harry!""Da, Boss?""Message Earthside  tape and squeal; we still don't want them ranging us.'Private message, Mannie to Prof.Brass Cannon.On my way!'Ask them to acknowledge  but use only one squeal. "29   Stu and Greg drove on way back, while Wyoh and Lenore and I huddled on open flatbed, strapped to keep from falling off; was too small.Had time to think; neither girl had suit radio and we could talk only by helmet touch  awkward.Began to see  now that we had won  parts of Prof's plan that had never been clear to me.Inviting attack against catapult had spared warrens  hoped it had; that was plan  but Prof had always been cheerfully indifferent to damage to catapult.Sure, had a second one  but far away and difficult to reach.Would take years to put a tube system to new catapult, high mountains all way.Probably cheaper to repair old one.If possible.Either way, no grain shipped to Terra in meantime.And that was just what Prof wanted!Yet never once had he hinted that his plan was based on destroying old catapult  his long range plan, not just Revolution.He might not admit it now.But Mike would tell me  if put to him flatly: Was or was not this one factor in odds?Food riot predictions and all that, Mike?He would tell me.That tonne for tonne deal   Prof had expounded it Earthside, had been argument for a Terran catapult.But privately he had no enthusiasm for it.Once he had told me, in North America, "Yes, Manuel, I feel sure it would work.But, if built, it will be temporary.There was a time, two centuries ago, when dirty laundry used to be shipped from California to Hawaii  by sailing ship, mind you  and clean laundry returned.Special circumstances.If we ever see water and manure shipped to Luna and grain shipped back, it will be just as temporary.Luna's future lies in her unique position at the top of a gravity well over a rich planet, and in her cheap power and plentiful real estate.If we Loonies have sense enough in the centuries ahead to remain a free port and to stay out of entangling alliances, we will become the crossroads for two planets, three planets, the entire Solar System.We won't be farmers forever. "They met us at Station East and hardly gave time to get p suits off  was return from Earthside over again, screaming mobs and being ridden on shoulders.Even girls, for Slim Lemke said to Lenore, "May we carry you, too?"and Wyoh answered, "Sure, why not?"and stilyagi fought for chance to.Most men were pressure suited and I was surprised to see how many carried guns  until I saw that they were not our guns; they were captured.But most of all what blessed relief to see L City unhurt!Could have done without triumphal procession; was itching to get to phone and find out from Mike what had happened  how much damage, how many killed, what this victory cost.But no chance.We were carried to Old Dome willy nilly.They shoved us up on a platform with Prof and rest of Cabinet apd vips and such, and our girls slobbered on Prof and he embraced me Latin style, kiss cheek, and somebody stuck a Liberty Cap on me.Spotted little Hazel in crowd and threw her a kiss.At last they quieted enough for Prof to speak."My friends," he said, and waited for silence."My friends," he repeated softly."Beloved comrades.We meet at last in freedom and now have with us the heroes who fought the last battle for Luna, alone. "They cheered us, again he waited.Could see he was tired; hands trembled as he steadied self against pulpit."I want them to speak to you, we want to hear about it, all of us."But first I have a happy message.Great China has just announced that she is building in the Himalayas an enormous catapult, to make shipping to Luna as easy and cheap as it has been to ship from Luna to Terra. "He stopped for cheers, then went on, "But that lies in the future.Today   Oh, happy day!At last the world acknowledges Luna's sovereignty.Free!You have won your freedom  "  Prof stopped  looked surprised.Not afraid, but puzzled.Swayed slightly.Then he did die.30   We got him into a shop behind platform.But even with help of a dozen doctors was no use; old heart was gone, strained too many times.They carried him out back way and I started to follow.Stu touched my arm."Mr.Prime Minister  "  I said, "Huh?Oh, for Bog's sake!""Mr.Prime Minister," he repeated firmly, "you must speak to the crowd, send them home.Then there are things that must be done. "He spoke calmly but tears poured down cheeks.So I got back on platform and confirmed what they had guessed and told them to go home.And wound up in room L of Raffles, where all had started  emergency Cabinet meeting.But first ducked to phone, lowered hood, punched MYCROFTXXX.Got null number signal.Tried again  same.Pushed up hood and said to man nearest me, Wolfgang, "Aren't phones working?""Depends," he said."That bombing yesterday shook things up.If you want an out of town number, better call the phone office. "Could see self asking office to get me a null."What bombing?""Haven't you heard?It was concentrated on the Complex.But Brody's boys got the ship.No real damage.Nothing that can't be fixed. "Had to drop it; they were waiting.I didn't know what to do but Stu and Korsakov did.Sheenie was told to write news releases for Terra and rest of Luna; I found self announcing a lunar of mourning, twenty four hours of quiet, no unnecessary business, giving orders for body to lie in state  all words put into mouth, I was numb, brain would not work.Okay, convene Congress at end of twenty four hours.In Novylen?Okay.Sheenie had dispatches from Earthside.Wolfgang wrote for me something which said that, because of death of our President, answers would be delayed at least twenty four hours.At last was able to get away, with Wyoh.A stilyagi guard kept people away from us to easement lock thirteen.Once home I ducked into workshop on pretense of needing to change arms."Mike?"No answer    So tried punching his combo into house phone  null signal.Resolved to go out to Complex next day  with Prof gone, needed Mike worse than ever.But next day was not able to go; trans Crisium tube was out  that last bombing.You could go around through Torricelli and Novylen and eventually reach Hong Kong.But Complex, almost next door, could be reached only by rolligon.Couldn't take time; I was "government. "Managed to shuck that off two days later.By resolution was decided that Speaker (Finn) had succeeded to Presidency after Finn and I had decided that Wolfgang was best choice for Prime Minister.We put it through and I went back to being Congressman who didn't attend sessions.By then most phones were working and Complex could be called.Punched MYCROFFXXX.No answer   So went out by rolligon.Had to go down and walk tube last kilometer but Complex Under didn't seem hurt.Nor did Mike appear to be.But when I spoke to him, he didn't answer.He has never answered.Has been many years now.You can type questions into him  in Loglan  and you'll get Loglan answers out.He works just fine...as a computer.But won't talk.Or can't.Wyoh tried to coax him.Then she stopped.Eventually I stopped.Don't know how it happened.Many outlying pieces of him got chopped off in last bombing  was meant, I'm sure, to kill our ballistic computer.Did he fall below that "critical number" it takes to sustain self awareness?(If is such; was never more than hypothesis. )Or did decentralizing that was done before that last bombing "kill" him?I don't know.If was just matter of critical number, well, he's long been repaired; he must be back up to it.Why doesn't he wake up?Can a machine be so frightened and hurt that it will go into catatonia and refuse to respond?While ego crouches inside, aware but never willing to risk it?No, can't be that; Mike was unafraid  as gaily unafraid as Prof.Years, changes  Mimi long ago opted out of family management; Anna is "Mum" now and Mimi dreams by video.Slim got Hazel to change name to Stone, two kids and she studied engineering.All those new free fall drugs and nowadays earthworms stay three or four years and go home unchanged.And those other drugs that do almost as much for us; some kids go Earthside to school now; And Tibet catapult  took seventeen years instead of ten; Kilimanjaro job was finished sooner.One mild surprise  When time came, Lenore named Stu for opting, rather than Wyoh.Made no difference, we all voted "Da!"One thing not a surprise because Wyoh and I pushed it through during time we still amounted to something in government: a brass cannon on a pedestal in middle of Old Dome and over it a flag fluttering in blower breeze  black field speckled with stars, bar sinister in blood, a proud and jaunty brass cannon embroidered over all, and below it our motto: TANSTAAFL!That's where we hold our Fourth of July celebrations.You get only what you pay for  Prof knew and paid, gaily.But Prof underrated yammerheads.They never adopted any of his ideas.Seems to be a deep instinct in human beings for making everything compulsory that isn't forbidden.Prof got fascinated by possibilities for shaping future that lay in a big, smart computer  and lost track of things closer home.Oh, I backed him!But now I wonder.Are food riots too high a price to pay to let people be?I don't know.Don't know any answers.Wish I could ask Mike.I wake up in night and think I've heard him  just a whisper: "Man...Man my best friend... "But when I say, "Mike?"he doesn't answer.Is he wandering around somewhere, looking for hardward to hook onto?Or is he buried down in Complex Under, trying to find way out?Those special memories are all in there somewhere, waiting to be stirred.But I can't retrieve them; they were voice coded.Oh, he's dead as Prof, I know it.(But how dead is Prof?)If I punched it just once more and said, "Hi, Mike!"would he answer, "Hi, Man!Heard any good ones lately?"Been a long time since I've risked it.But he can't really be dead; nothing was hurt  he's just lost.You listening, Bog?Is a computer one of Your creatures?Too many changes   May go to that talk talk tonight and toss in some random numbers.Or not.Since Boom started quite a few young cobbers have gone out to Asteroids.Hear about some nice places out there, not too crowded.My word, I'm not even a hundred yet.     