"More like Burma. "He smiles at Carlyle's stricken expression."Don't worry.We're not in the nation breaking business anymore.All we're interested in is a free market.I'm sure we can work toward that common goal, at least.But I want the meet. ""So cautious. "Carlyle drops his cigarette on the ground, grinds it out with his foot."I would have thought you'd have a more adventurous spirit. "Anderson laughs."I'm not here for the adventure.That's for all of those drunks over there" He trails off, stunned.Emiko is in the crowd, standing with the Japanese delegation.He catches a glimpse of her movement in the knot of business people and political officers as they cluster around Akkarat, talking and smiling."My god. "Carlyle sucks in his breath."Is that a windup?In the compound?"Anderson's tries to say something, but can't make his throat work.No, he's wrong.It's not Emiko.The movement is the same, but the girl is not.This one is richly dressed, with gold glimmering around her throat.A slightly different face.She lifts her hand, stutter stop motion, tucks black silk hair behind an ear.Similar, but not the same.Anderson's heart starts beating again.The windup girl smiles graciously at whatever story Akkarat is telling.She turns to make introductions for a man Anderson recognizes from intelligence photos as a general manager of Mishimoto.Her patron says something to her and she ducks her head to him, then hurries away to the rickshaws, odd and graceful.She's so much like Emiko.So stylized, so deliberate.Everything about the windup before him reminds him of that other, so much more desperate girl.He swallows, remembering Emiko in his bed, small and alone.Starving for information about windup villages.What are they like?Who lives within them?Do they really live without patrons?So desperate for hope.So different from this glittering windup that threads gracefully between white shirts and officials."I don't think she was allowed in the temple," Anderson finally says."They couldn't have gone that far.The white shirts must have made her wait outside. ""Still, they must be seething. "Carlyle cocks his head, watching the Japanese delegation."You know, Raleigh has one of those, too.Uses it for a freak show in the back of his place. "Anderson swallows."Oh?I hadn't heard. ""Sure.It'll fuck anything.You should see it.Truly bizarre. "Carlyle laughs low."Look, she's catching attention.I think the Queen's Protector is actually smitten. "The Somdet Chaopraya is staring at the windup, wide eyed like a cow struck on the side of the head before slaughter.Anderson frowns, shocked despite himself."He wouldn't risk his status.Not with a windup. ""Who knows?The man doesn't exactly have a clean reputation.Positively debauched, from what I've heard.He was better when the old king was alive.Kept himself under control.But now" Carlyle trails off.He nods at the windup girl."I wouldn't be surprised if the Japanese end up making a gift of goodwill in the near future.No one refuses the Somdet Chaopraya. ""More bribes. ""Always.But the Somdet Chaopraya would be worth it.From everything I've heard, he's taken over most of the palace functions.Accumulated a lot of power.And that would give you a lot of insurance when the next coup happens. "Carlyle observes."Everyone looks calm, but below the surface things are boiling.Pracha and Akkarat can't go on like this.They've been circling each other ever since the December 12 coup. "He pauses."With the right pressure, we help decide who comes out on top. ""Sounds expensive. ""Not to your people.A bit of gold and jade.Some opium. "He lowers his voice."Might even be cheap, by your standards. ""Stop selling me.Am I going to meet Akkarat or not?"Carlyle claps Anderson on the back and laughs."God, I love working with farang.At least you're direct.Don't worry.It's already arranged. "And then he's striding back toward the Japanese delegation and hailing Akkarat.And Akkarat is looking at Anderson with bright appraising eyes.Anderson wais a greeting.Akkarat, as befits his high rank, favors Anderson with the barest nod of acknowledgement.* * *   Outside the gates of the Environment Ministry, as Anderson hails Lao Gu for a ride back to the factory, a pair of Thais sweep up on either side."This way, Khun. "They take Anderson by the elbows and guide him down the street.For a moment, Anderson thinks he's being grabbed by the white shirts, but then he sees a coal diesel limo.He fights down paranoia as he's guided inside.If they wanted to kill you, they could wait for any number of better times.The door slams closed.Trade Minister Akkarat sits across from him."Khun Anderson. "Akkarat smiles."Thank you for joining me. "Anderson scans the vehicle, wondering if he can break out or if the locks are controlled up front.The worst part of any job is the moment of exposure, when too many people suddenly know too many things.Finland went that way: Peters and Lei, with nooses around their necks and their feet kicking air as they were raised above the crowds."Khun Richard tells me that you have a proposal," Akkarat prompts.Anderson hesitates."I understand we have mutual interests. ""No. "Akkarat shakes his head."Your people have tried to destroy mine for the last five hundred years.We have nothing in common. "Anderson smiles tentatively."Of course, we see some things differently. "The car starts to roll.Akkarat says, "This is not a question of perspective.Ever since your first missionaries landed on our shores, you have always sought to destroy us.During the old Expansion your kind tried to take every part of us.Chopping off the arms and legs of our country.It was only through our Kings' wisdom and leadership that we avoided your worst.And yet still you weren't done with us.With the Contraction, your worshipped global economy left us starving and over specialized. "He looks pointedly at Anderson."And then your calorie plagues came.You very nearly took rice from us entirely. ""I didn't know the Minister of Trade was a conspiracy theorist. ""Which are you?"Akkarat studies him."AgriGen?PurCal?Total Nutrient Holdings?"Anderson spreads his hands."I understand that you would like help in arranging a more stable government.I have resources to offer, provided that we can come to an agreement. ""What is it you want?"Anderson looks him in the eye, serious."Access to your seedbank. "Akkarat jerks back."Impossible. "The car turns and begins to accelerate down Thanon Rama XII.Bangkok streams by in a blur of images as Akkarat's retinue clears the avenue ahead of them."Not to own. "Anderson puts out a calming hand."Only to sample from. ""The seedbank has kept us independent of your kind.When blister rust and genehack weevil swept the globe, it was only the seedbank that allowed us to stave off the worst of the plagues, and even so, our people died in droves.When India and Burma and Vietnam all fell to you, we stood strong.And now you come asking for our finest weapon. "Akkarat laughs."I may want to see General Pracha with his hair and eyebrows shaved off, living in a forest monastery and despised by all, but on this, at least, he and I agree.No farang should ever touch the heart of us.You may take an arm or a leg from our country, but not the head, and certainly not the heart. ""We need new genetic material," Anderson says."We've exhausted many of our options and the plagues keep mutating.We don't have a problem sharing our research results.Profits, even. ""I'm sure you offered the same to the Finns. "Anderson leans forward."Finland was a tragedy, and not just for us.If the world is going to keep eating, we need to stay ahead of cibiscosis and blister rust and Nippon genehack weevil.It's the only way. ""You're saying that you yoked the world to your patented grains and seeds, happily enslaved us all and now you finally realize that you are dragging us all to hell. ""That's what the Grahamites like to say. "Anderson shrugs."The reality is that weevils and blister rust don't wait.And we're the only ones with the scientific resources to hack our way out of this mess.We're hoping that somewhere in your seedbank we'll find a key. ""And if you don't?""Then it won't really matter who runs the Kingdom; we'll all be coughing blood from the next mutation of cibiscosis. ""It's impossible.The Environment Ministry controls the seed stock. ""I was under the impression that we were discussing a change in administration. "Akkarat frowns."You want samples, this is all?You're offering weapons, equipment, payoffs, and this is all you want?"Anderson nods."And one other thing.A man.Gibbons. "He watches Akkarat for a reaction."Gibbons?"Akkarat shrugs."I have never heard of him. ""A farang.One of ours.We'd like him back.He's been infringing on our intellectual property. ""And that bothers you a great deal, I'm sure. "Akkarat laughs."It's very interesting to actually meet one of your kind.Of course we all talk about the calorie men crouching on Koh Angrit, like demons or phii krasue, plotting to swallow the Kingdom,but you" He studies Anderson."I could have you executed by megodont if I chose, ripped apart and left for kites and crows.And no one would raise a finger.In the past, if even a whisper of a calorie man amongst us touched the streets it was enough to trigger protests and riots.And yet here you sit.So confident. ""Times have changed. ""Not as much as you suggest.Are you brave, or simply foolish?""I could ask the same question," Anderson says."Not many people poke the white shirts in the eye and expect to get away with it. "Akkarat smiles."If you had come to me last week with your offers of money and equipment, I would have been very grateful. "He shrugs."This week, in light of present circumstances and recent successes, I will take your offer under advisement. "He taps on the window for the driver to pull over."You're lucky I'm in a good mood.On another day, I would have seen a calorie man torn into blood pieces and called it a very good day. "He indicates that Anderson should get out."I'll consider your offer. "15  There is a place for New People.The hope of it runs through Emiko's head every day, every minute, every second.The memory of the gaijin Anderson, and his conviction that the place truly exists.His hands on her in the darkness, eyes solemn as he nodded and confirmed.So now she stares at Raleigh every night, wondering what the man knows, and if she dares to ask him about what he has seen in the north.About the route to safety.Three times she has approached him and each time her voice has failed her, leaving the question unasked.Each night she returns home, exhausted from the abuse that Kannika metes out, and falls into dreams of a place where New People dwell in safety, without patrons or masters.Emiko remembers Mizumi sensei at the kaizen studio where she taught all the young New People as they knelt in kimono and took their lessons."What are you?""New People. ""What is your honor?""It is my honor to serve. ""Who do you honor?""I honor my patron. "Mizumi sensei was swift with a switch, 100 years old and terrifying.An early New Person, her skin was nearly unaged.Who knew how many young ones she had shepherded through her studio?Mizumi sensei, always there, always advising.Brutal in her anger, and yet fair in her punishments.And always the instruction, the faith that if they served their patron well, that they had attained their highest state.Mizumi sensei introduced them all to Mizuko Jizo Bodhisattva, who has compassion even for New People, and who would hide them in his sleeves after their deaths and smuggle them out of the hell world of genetically engineered toys and into the true cycle of life.Their duty was to serve, their honor was to serve, and their reward would come in the next life, when they became fully human.Service would yield the greatest rewards.How Emiko had hated Mizumi sensei when Gendo sama abandoned her.But now her heart beats again at the thought of a new patron: a wise man, a guide into a different world, one who can provide what Gendo sama would not.Another who lies to you?Who will betray you?She squashes the thought.It is the other Emiko who thinks this.Not her highest self at all, as if she is nothing but a cheshire, bent on glutting herself, unconcerned with what her niche may be, overrunning everything.Not a thought appropriate to New People at all.Mizumi sensei taught that there are two parts to a New Person's nature.The evil half, ruled by the animal hungers of their genes, by the many splicings and additions that changed them into what they were.And balanced against this, the civilized self, the side that knows the difference between niche and animal urge.That comprehends its place in the hierarchies of their country and people, and appreciates the gift their patrons provide by giving them life.Dark and light.In Yo.Two sides of a coin, two sides of the soul.Mizumi sensei helped them own their souls.Prepared them for the honor of service.To be honest, it is only Gendo sama's poor treatment of her that makes Emiko think so badly of him.He was a weak man.Or, perhaps, if she is honest, she was not all she could have been.She did not serve to her utmost.That is the sad truth.A bit of shame that she must accept, even as she strives to live without the loving hand of a patron.But perhaps this strange gaijin perhaps She will not let the cynical animal into her mind tonight; she will let herself dream.Emiko spills out of her tower slum into Bangkok's cooling evening.A carnival feel informs the green tinged streets, woks burning their nighttime noodles, offering simple dishes to the farmers of the market before they return to distant fields for the night.Emiko wanders through the night market, one eye out for white shirts, one on dinner.She finds a vendor of grilled squid and takes one dipped in chile sauce.In the candlelight and shadows, she has cover of sorts.Her pha sin hides the movement of her legs.It is only her arms she must concern herself with, and if she is slow, careful, and keeps them close to her side, her movements can be mistaken for daintiness.From a woman and her daughter, Emiko buys a folded banana leaf plate, cupping a nest of fried U Tex padh seeu.The woman fries the noodles over blue methane, illegal, but not impossible to obtain.Emiko sits at a makeshift counter to shovel them in, her mouth burning at the spice.Others look at her strangely, a few make faces of distaste, but they do nothing.Some of them are even familiar with her.The rest have enough troubles without tangling themselves in the business of windups and white shirts.It is a strange advantage, she supposes.The white shirts are so despised that people don't draw their attention unless absolutely necessary.She shovels the noodles into her mouth and again thinks of the gaijin's words.There is a place for New People.She tries to imagine it.A village full of people with stuttering telltale motions and smooth smooth skin.She craves it.But there is an opposing feeling, also.Not fear.Something she never expected.Revulsion?No, too strong a word.More a shiver of distaste that so many of her kind have shamefully fled their duties.All of them living among one another, and not a single one as fine as Gendo sama.A whole village of New People who have no one to serve.Emiko shakes her head forcefully.And what has service gotten her?People like Raleigh.And Kannika.And yet a whole tribe of New People, huddled in the jungle?What would it be like to hold an eight foot laborer in her arms?Would that be her lover?Or one of the tentacle monsters of Gendo sama's factories, ten arms like a Hindu god and a drooling mouth that demands nothing but food and a place to put its hands?How can such a creature make its way north?Why are they there, in the jungle?She forces back her revulsion.It is surely no worse than Kannika.She has been enslaved to think against New People, even when she herself is one of them.If she thinks logically, she knows that no New Person can be any worse than the client last night, who fucked her and then spat on her before he left.Surely, to lie with a smooth skinned New Person could not be worse.But what kind of life could it be in the village?Eating cockroaches and ants and whatever leaves haven't succumbed to ivory beetle?Raleigh is a survivor.Are you?She stirs her noodles with her four inch RedStar bamboo chopsticks.What would it be like, to serve no one?Would she dare?It makes her dizzy, almost giddy to think of it.What would she do without a patron?Would she then become a farmer?Perhaps grow opium in the hills?Smoke a silver pipe and blacken her teeth as she has heard some of those strange hilltribe ladies do?She laughs to herself.Can she imagine it?Lost in her thoughts, she nearly misses it.Only luck the chance movement of a man at the table across from her, his startled glance and then the duck of his head as he buries his attention in his food saves her.She freezes.The night market has fallen silent.And then, like hungry ghosts, the men in white appear behind her, talking in their quick song song to the woman at the wok.The woman bustles to serve, obsequious.Emiko trembles before them, noodles halfway between mouth and lips, her slender arm suddenly shaking under the strain.She wants to put the chopsticks down, but there is nothing to do.No way to hide herself if she moves, and so she sits frozen while the men speak behind her, looming over her as they wait.   "finally overstepped himself.I heard Bhirombhakdi was screaming up and down the offices saying he was going to get his head.'Jaidee's head on a platter, he's gone too far!'""He gave 5000 baht to his men, every one of them, for the raid. ""A lot of good it does them now that he's been stripped. ""Still, five thousand, no wonder Bhirombhakdi was spitting blood.It must have been half a million that he lost. ""And Jaidee just charged in like a megodont.The old man probably thought Jaidee was Torapee the bull, measuring his father's footprint.Looking to take him down. ""Not anymore. "Emiko trembles as they jostle her.This is the end.She will drop the chopsticks and they will see the windup girl, as they haven't seen her yet though they cluster around her, though they bump against her with a self confident maleness, though one white shirt's hand is touching her neck as though accidentally pressed there by the jostle of others.Suddenly she will no longer be invisible.She will appear before them, fully formed, a New Person with nothing but expired papers and import licenses and then she will be mulched, recycled as quickly as they compost dung and cellulose, thanks to the telltale twitching movements that mark her as clearly as if she were painted in the excreta of glowworms."I never thought I'd see him khrab before Akkarat, though.That was a bad thing.We all lose face with that. "There is a pause.Then one of them says, "Auntie.It looks like your methane is the wrong color. "The woman grins uncomfortably.Her daughter's smile mirrors the uncertainty."We made a gift to the Ministry last week," she says.The man who has his hand on Emiko's neck speaks, caressing her idly.She tries not to shiver under his touch."Then perhaps we were told wrong. "The woman's smile falters."Perhaps my memory is bad. ""Well, I'm happy to check the state of your accounts. "She keeps the smile on her face."No need to trouble yourself.I'll send my daughter, now.In the meantime, why not just take these two fish for yourselves?You don't get paid enough to eat well. "She pulls two large tilapia off her grill and offers them to the men."That's very kind of you, auntie.I am hungry. "With the banana leaf wrapped plaa tucked in their hands, the white shirts turn away and continue their journey through the night market, seemingly unaware of the terror they spread before them.The woman's smile fades as soon as they're gone.She turns to her daughter and pushes baht into her hands."Go down to the police box and make sure that Sergeant Siriporn is the one you give the money to.I don't want those two coming back. "The touch of the white shirt burns on the back of Emiko's neck.Too close.Too close by far.Strange how she sometimes forgets that she is hunted.Sometimes fools herself and thinks she is almost human.Emiko shovels the last of her noodles into her mouth.She cannot delay anymore.She must face Raleigh.* * *   "I wish to leave this place. "Raleigh turns on his barstool, expression bemused."Really, Emiko?"He smiles."You have a new patron, do you?"Around them, the other girls are arriving, chattering and laughing with one another, making wais to the spirit house, a few of them making little offerings in hopes of encouraging a kind customer or rich patron.Emiko shakes her head."Not a new patron.I wish to go north.To the villages where New People live. ""Who told you about that?""It exists, yes?"From his expression she knows that it does.Her heart starts to pound.It's not just a rumor."It exists," she says more firmly.He gives her an appraising look."It might. "He signals Daeng the bartender for another drink."But I should warn you, it's a hard life out there in the jungle.You eat bugs to survive if your crops fail.Not much to hunt, not after blister rust and Nippon genehack weevil killed so much fodder. "He shrugs."A few birds. "He looks at her again."You should stay closer to the water.You'll overheat out there.Take it from me.It's damn hard living.You should look for a new patron, if you really want to get out of here. ""The white shirts almost caught me today.I will die here, if I stay. ""I pay them not to catch you. ""No.I was at a night market "  "What the hell were you doing at a night market?You want something to eat, you come here. "Raleigh scowls."I am so sorry.I must go.Raleigh san, you have influence.People you can influence to help me get travel permits.To allow me to pass the checkpoints. "Raleigh's drink arrives.He takes a sip.The old man is like a crow, all death and putrescence sitting on his barstool, watching his whores arrive for their night's work.He looks her over with barely masked disgust, as if she is a piece of dog shit stuck to his shoe.He takes another drink."It's a hard road north.Damn expensive. ""I can earn my passage. "Raleigh doesn't respond.The bartender finishes polishing the bar.He and an assistant set out a chest of ice from the luxury manufacturer Jai Yen, Nam Yen.Cool Heart, Cool Water.Raleigh holds out his glass and Daeng drops a pair of cubes in with a tinkling report.Out of the insulated chest, they start to melt in the heat.Emiko watches the ice cubes sag into liquid.Daeng pours water over the cubes.She is burning up, herself.The club's open windows do nothing to catch the breeze and at this early hour the swelter inside the building is still overwhelming.None of the yellow card fan men have arrived yet, either.The club radiates heat from walls and floor, encasing them.Raleigh takes a swallow of his cool water.Emiko watches, burning, wishing she could sweat."Khun Raleigh.Please.So sorry.Please," she hesitates, "a cold drink. "Raleigh sips his water and watches as more of his girls filter in."Keeping a windup is damn expensive. "Emiko smiles embarrassment, hoping to assuage him.Finally, Raleigh makes a face of irritation."Fine. "He nods to Daeng.A glass of ice water is passed across.Emiko tries not to lunge for it.She holds it to her face and neck, almost gasping with relief.She drinks and presses the glass against herself again, clutching it like a talisman."Thank you. ""Why should I help you get out of the city?""I will die if I stay here. ""It's not good business.Wasn't good business to hire you.And it's definitely not good business to bribe you all the way north. ""Please.Anything.I will pay it.I will do it.You may use me. "He laughs."I've got real girls. "His smile disappears."The problem, Emiko, is that you've got nothing to give.You drink the money you earn every night.Your bribes cost money, your ice costs money.If I weren't so nice, I'd just throw you out in the street for the white shirts to mulch.You're not a good business proposition. ""Please. ""Don't piss me off.Go get ready for work.I want you out of your street clothes when the customers arrive. "His words have the finality of true authority.Reflexively, Emiko starts to bow, acquiescing to his wishes.She stops short.You are not a dog, she reminds herself.You are not a servant.Service has gotten you abandoned amongst demons in a city of divine beings.If you act like a servant, you will die like a dog.She straightens."So sorry, I must go north, Raleigh san.Soon.How much would it cost?I will earn it. ""You're like a goddamn cheshire. "Raleigh stands suddenly."You just keep coming back to pick over the dead. "Emiko flinches.Even though he is old, Raleigh is still gaijin, born and fed before the Contraction.He stands tall.She takes another step back, unnerved by his sudden loom.Raleigh smiles grimly."That's right, don't forget your place.You'll go north, all right.But you'll do it when I'm good and ready.And not until you've earned every baht for the white shirt bribes. ""How much?"His face reddens."More than you've made 'til now!"She jumps back but Raleigh grabs her.He yanks her close.His voice is a low whiskey growl."You were useful to someone, once, so I see how a windup like you might forget herself.But let's not fool ourselves.I own you. "His bony hand fumbles at her breast, seizes a nipple and twists.She whimpers in pain and wilts under his hand.His pale blue water eyes watch her like a snake's."I own every part of you," he murmurs."If I want you mulched tomorrow, you're gone.No one will care.People in Japan might value a windup.Here, you're just trash. "He squeezes again.She takes a shuddering breath, trying to keep her feet.He smiles."I own you.Remember that. "He releases her abruptly.Emiko stumbles back and catches the bar's edge.Raleigh returns to his drink."I'll let you know when you've earned enough to go north," he says."But you'll work for it, and work for it good.No more of your picky ways.If a man wants you, you go with him and make him happy enough that he wants to come back and try the novelty again.I've got plenty of natural girls offering natural sex.If you're going to go north, you'd better start offering something more. "He upends his drink, gulping it, and slaps the glass down on the bar for Daeng to refill."Now quit sulking and start earning. "16  Hock Seng scowls at the safe where it squats across from him.It's early morning in the SpringLife office, and he should be busy forging a ledger before Mr.Lake arrives, but the safe is all he can focus on.It mocks him, sitting there, enveloped in the smoke of offerings which have done nothing to open it.Ever since the anchor pad incident the safe is always locked, and now the devil Lake is always looking over his shoulder, asking about the state of accounts, always prying and asking questions.And still the Dung Lord waits.Hock Seng has seen him twice more.Each time the man has been patient, and yet Hock Seng senses a growing irritation, a willingness perhaps to take matters into his own hands.The window of opportunity is closing.Hock Seng scratches numbers into the ledger, reconciling the money he skimmed from the purchase of a temporary spindle.Should he simply rob the safe?Take the risk of suspicion falling on himself?There are industrial supplies in the factory that would burn through the iron in mere hours.Is this better than making the Dung Lord wait, risking that the godfather of all godfathers will do the deed himself?Hock Seng ponders his options.All his choices come loaded with risks that make his skin crawl.If the safe is damaged, his face will soon be plastered on lampposts and it is a very bad time to be an enemy of the foreign devils.With Akkarat in ascendancy, the farang are also on the rise.Every day brings more news of white shirt humiliation.The Tiger of Bangkok is now a shaven headed monk without family or property.What if Mr.Lake were removed entirely?An anonymous knife in the gut as he walks down the street perhaps?It would be easy.Cheap, even.For fifteen baht Laughing Chan would do it willingly, and the foreign devil would trouble Hock Seng no more.A knock at the door startles him.Hock Seng straightens and shoves the newly forged ledger under the desk."Yes?"It's Mai, the skinny girl from the production line, standing at the threshold.Hock Seng relaxes slightly as she wais."Khun.There is a difficulty. "He uses a cloth to wipe the ink from his hands."Yes?What is it?"Her eyes flick around the room."It would be better if you came.Yourself. "She positively reeks of fear.The hairs on the back of Hock Seng's neck prickle.She's little more than a child.He has done her decent favors.She has even earned bonuses crawling down the tight passages of the drive trains, inspecting the links as they brought the factory back into working order and yet, something in her demeanor reminds him of when the Malays turned on his people.When his workers, always so loyal and appreciative, suddenly could not look him in the eye.If he had been clever, he would have seen the turn of the tide.Seen that the days of the Malayan Chinese were numbered.That even a man of his stature who gave freely to charities, who helped his employees' children as if they were his own that even his head was slated to be stacked in a gutter.And now here is Mai, looking shifty.Is this the way they will come for him?Furtive?Sending a harmless looking girl as bait?Is this the end of the yellow cards?Is it the Dung Lord, moving against him?Hock Seng feigns nonchalance and reclines slightly in his chair even as he watches her."If you have something to say," he murmurs, "then say it now.Here. "She hesitates.Her fear is obvious."Is the farang near?"Hock Seng glances at the clock on the wall.Six o'clock."He shouldn't be here for another hour or two.He is seldom early. ""Please, if you could just come. "So this is the way it will be.He nods shortly."Yes, of course. "He stands and crosses to her.Such a pretty girl.Of course they would send a pretty one.She looks so harmless.He scratches at his back, lifting the loose hem of his shirt and slips the knife out, holds it behind his back as he approaches.Waits until the last moment   He grabs her hair and yanks her close.Presses the knife against her throat."Who sent you?The Dung Lord?White shirts?Who?"She gasps, unable to free herself without cutting her throat."No one!""Do you think I'm a fool?"He presses the knife home, breaking skin."Who is it?""No one!I swear!"She is shaking with fear but Hock Seng doesn't release her."Is there something you wish to say?Some secret you must keep?Tell it now. "She gasps at the pressure of his blade on her neck."No!Khun!I swear!No secret!But But"  "Yes?"She sags against him."The white shirts," she whispers."If the white shirts find out"  "I'm no white shirt. ""It's Kit.Kit is ill.And Srimuang.Both of them.Please.I don't know what to do.I don't want to lose the job.I don't know what to do.Please don't tell the farang.Everyone knows the farang might close the factory.Please.My family needsPlease.Please. "She is sobbing now, sagging against him, begging him as if he might be her savior, mindless of the knife.Hock Seng grimaces and pulls the knife away, suddenly feeling old.This is what it is to live in fear.To suspect thirteen year old girls, to think that daughter mouths intend your death.He feels sick.He can't meet her eyes."You should have said so," he mutters gruffly."Stupid girl.These are not matters to be coy about. "He lifts his shirt and slides the knife back into its sheathe."Show me your friends. "She carefully wipes her tears away.She is not resentful.She is adaptable as young people often are.With the crisis past, she obediently leads him out of the office.Down on the factory floor, workers are beginning to arrive.The great doors rattle wide and sun pours into the huge hall.Dung and dust motes swirl in the light.Mai leads him through the fining room, kicking through pale dust residue and on into the cutting rooms.Overhead, the screens of algae fill the room with the sea reek of their drying.She leads him past the cutting presses, and ducks under the line.On the other side, the algae tanks sit in silent ranks, full of salt and life.More than half of the tanks show signs of reduced production.Algae barely covers their surfaces, even though the skim should be more than four inches thick after a night without harvesting."There," Mai whispers, pointing.Kit and Srimuang both lie against a wall.The two men look up at Hock Seng with dull eyes.Hock Seng kneels close, but doesn't touch."Have they eaten together?""I don't think so.They are not friends. ""It couldn't be cibiscosis?Blister rust?No. "He shakes his head."I'm a stupid old man.It is neither.There is no blood on their lips. "Kit moans, tries to sit up.Hock Seng flinches away, fighting an urge to wipe his hands on his shirt.The other man, Srimuang, looks even worse."What was this one's responsibility?"Mai hesitates."I think he fed the tanks.Poured the sacks of fish meal for the algae. "Hock Seng's skin crawls.Two bodies.Lying beside the tanks that Hock Seng himself brought back to full production for the benefit of Mr.Anderson, rushing to please him.Is it coincidence?He shivers, eyeing the room from a new perspective.Overflow from the vats dampens the floor and pools near the rusting drains.Blooms of algae decorate the damp surface, feeding on left over nutrients.Vectors everywhere, if there is something wrong with the tanks.Hock Seng instinctively starts to wipe his hands, then stops short, skin crawling anew.The gray powders of the fining room cling to his palms, marking where he pushed the curtains aside as he passed through.He's surrounded by potential vectors.Overhead, the drying screens hang suspended, their racks filling the warehouse dimness, bank after bank, smeared with blackening skim.A drop of water falls from a screen.Spatters the floor beside his foot.And with it comes awareness of a new sound.He never heard it when the factory was full of people.But now, in this early morning quiet, it is all around: the gentle patter of rain from the screens above.Hock Seng stands abruptly, fighting rising panic.Don't be a fool.You don't know it is the algae.Death comes in many forms.It could be any sort of disease.Kit's breathing is strangely ragged in the stillness, a panting bellows as his chest rises and falls."Do you think it is pandemic?"Mai asks.Hock Seng glares at her."Don't say those words!Do you wish to bring demons down on us?White shirts?If news gets out, they'll shut down the factory.We'll be starving like yellow cards. ""But "  Outside, in the main hall, voices echo."Hush, child. "Hock Seng motions her to silence, thinking furiously.A white shirt investigation would be disastrous.Just the excuse the foreign devil Mr.Lake would need to shut the place down, to fire Hock Seng.To send him back to the towers to starve.To die after coming so far, after coming so close.More morning greetings echo from the rest of the factory.A megodont groans.Doors rattle wide.The main flywheels rumble to life as someone runs a line test."What should we do?"Mai asks.Hock Seng glances around at the vats and machinery.The still empty rooms."You're the only one who knows they are sick?"Mai nods."I found them when I came in. ""You're sure?You didn't mention it to anyone else as you came to find me?No one else has been in here?No one was here with you and perhaps thought they would take the day off when they saw these two?"Mai shakes her head."No.I came alone.I catch a ride with a farmer near the edge of the city.He brings me on his long tail, up the khlongs.I always get here early. "Hock Seng, looks down at the two sick men, then at the girl.Four of them in the room.Four.He winces at the thought.Such an unlucky number, four.Sz.Four.Sz.Death.A better number is three, or two  Or one.One is the ideal number for a secret.Unconsciously, Hock Seng's hand strays to his knife, considering the girl.Messy.But still, less messy than the number four.The girl's long black hair is tied up in a careful bun at the top of her head to keep it free of running line equipment.Her neck is exposed.Her eyes are trusting.Hock Seng looks away, evaluating the bodies again, calculating against inauspicious numbers.Four, four, four.Death.One is better.One is best.He takes a breath and makes a decision.He reaches for her."Come here. "She hesitates.He scowls at her, waves her closer."You want to keep your job, yes?"She nods slowly."Then come.These two need to go to a hospital, yes?We cannot help them here.And two sick men lying beside the algae baths will do none of us any good.Not if we want to keep on eating.Gather them and meet me at the side door.Not through the main room.The side one.Go under the line with them, through the service access.The side, you understand?"She nods uncertainly.He claps his hands together, spurring her to action."Quickly now!Quickly!Drag them if you must!"He motions to the bodies."People will be arriving.One person is already too many to keep a secret, and here we stand, four.Let us make this a secret of two, at least.Anything is better than four. "Death.She takes a frightened breath, then her eyes narrow with determination.She crouches to wrestle with Kit's body.Hock Seng watches to make sure she is underway, then ducks out.In the main hall, people are still stowing their lunches and laughing.No one in a rush.The Thai are lazy.If they were Chinese yellow cards they would already be working and all would be lost.For once, Hock Seng is glad he works with Thais.He still has a little time.He ducks out the side door.Outside, the alley is empty.High factory walls pin the narrow way.Hock Seng jogs toward Phosri Street and its jumble of breakfast stalls, steaming noodles and ragged children.A cycle rickshaw flashes across the gap."Wei!"He calls out."Samloh!Samloh!Wait!"But he is too far away.He limps to the intersection favoring his bad knee, catches sight of another rickshaw.He flags the driver.The man glances behind to see if he is threatened by competition, then angles toward Hock Seng with a lackadaisical pedal, allowing the slight slope of the street to let him coast."Faster!"Hock Seng shouts."Kuai yidian, you dog fucker!"The man ignores the abuse, lets his cycle coast to a stop."You called me, Khun?"Hock Seng climbs in and waves down the alley."I have passengers for you, if you'll hurry up. "The man grunts and steers down the narrow way.The cycle's chain clicks sedately.Hock Seng grits his teeth."Double pay.Quickly, quickly!"He motions the man onward.The man leans on his pedals marginally more aggressively, but still he shambles like a megodont.Ahead, Mai appears.For a moment Hock Seng is afraid that she will be stupid and bring out the bodies before the rickshaw arrives, but Kit is nowhere in sight.It is only when the rickshaw comes close that she slips back inside and drags the first incoherent worker into view.The rickshaw man shies at the body, but Hock Seng leans over his shoulder and hisses, "Triple pay. "He grabs Kit and wrestles him into the rickshaw's seat before the man can protest.Mai disappears back inside.The cycle rickshaw man eyes Kit."What's wrong with him?""He's a drunk," Hock Seng says."He and his friend.If the boss catches them, they're fired. ""He doesn't look drunk. ""You're mistaken. ""No.That one looks like "  Hock Seng stares at the man."The white shirts will cast their net over you as surely as they will me.He is on your seat, in your breathing presence. "The rickshaw man's eyes widen.He draws back.Hock Seng nods confirmation, holding the man's gaze."There's no point in making a complaint now.I say they are drunk.Triple pay to you, when you return. "Mai reappears with the second worker and Hock Seng helps lever him into the seat.He ushers Mai into the rickshaw with the men."Hospitals," he says.And then he leans close."But different hospitals, yes?"Mai nods sharply."Good.Clever girl. "Hock Seng steps back."Go on then!Go!Beat it!"The rickshaw man sets off, pedalling much faster than before.Hock Seng watches them ride away, the heads of the three passengers and the rickshaw man, rattling and bouncing as the bike's wheels chatter over cobbles.He grimaces.Four again.A bad number for certain.He pushes paranoia away, wondering if he is even capable of strategizing these days.An old man who jumps at shadows.Would he be better off if Mai and Kit and Srimuang were feeding red fin plaa in the murky waters of the Chao Phraya River?If they were just a collection of anonymous parts bobbing amongst the roiling bodies of hungry carp, would he not be safer?Four.Sz.Death.His skin crawls at the proximity of sickness.He rubs his hands unconsciously against his trousers.He'll have to bathe.Rub down with a chlorine bleach scrub and hope it does the job.The rickshaw man turns out of sight, carrying his diseased cargo.Hock Seng heads back inside, to the factory floor where the lines rattle with test runs and voices call out to one another in morning greeting.Please let it be coincidence, he prays.Please don't let it be the line.17  How many nights has he gone without sleep?One night?Ten nights?Ten thousand?Jaidee cannot remember anymore.Moons have passed awake and suns have passed in dream and everything is counting, numbers spinning out in a steady accumulation of days and hopes dashed.Propitiations and offerings unanswered.Fortune tellers with their predictions.Generals with their assurances.Tomorrow.Three days, for certain.There are indications of a softening, whispers of a woman's whereabouts.Patience.Jai yen.Cool heart.Nothing.Apologies and humiliations in the newspapers.A personal criticism, by his own hand.More false admissions of greed and corruption.200,000 baht that he cannot repay.Editorials and condemnations in the whisper sheets.Stories spread by his enemies that he spent stolen money on whores, on a private stock of U Tex rice against famines, that he squirrelled it away for personal benefit.The Tiger was nothing more than another corrupt white shirt.Fines are meted out.The last of his property confiscated.The family home burned, a funeral pyre, while his mother in law wails and his sons, already stripped of his name, watch somnolent.It has been decided that he will not serve his penance in a nearby monastery.Instead he will be banished to the forests of Phra Kritipong where ivory beetle has turned the land into waste and where blister rust rewrites waft across the border from Burma.Banished to the wastelands to contemplate the damma.His eyebrows are shaved, his head is a simple pate.If he happens to return from his penance alive, he looks forward to a lifetime of guarding yellow cards in their internments down in the south: the lowest work, for the lowest white shirt.And yet still no word of Chaya.Is she alive?Is she dead?Was it Trade?Was it another?A jao por, incensed at Jaidee's audacity?Was it someone within the Environment Ministry?Bhirom bhakdi, irritated at Jaidee's disregard for protocol?Was it meant as a kidnapping, or murder?Did she die fighting to get free?Is she still in that concrete room of the photograph, somewhere in the city, sweating in an abandoned tower, waiting for him to rescue her?Does her corpse feed cheshires in an alley?Does she float in the Chao Phraya, food now for the Boddhi Carp rev 2.3 that the Ministry has bred with such success?He has nothing but questions.He shouts into the well, but no echo returns.And so now he sits in a barren monk's kuti on the temple grounds of Wat Bowonniwet, waiting to hear whether Phra Kritipong's monastery will actually accept the task of reforming him.He wears the white of a novice.He will not wear orange.Not ever.He is not a monk.He does a special penance.His eyes follow rusty water stains on the wall, the blooms of mold and rot.On one wall, a bo tree is painted, the Buddha sitting beneath it as he seeks enlightenment.Suffering.All is suffering.Jaidee stares at the bo tree.Just another relic of history.The Ministry has artificially preserved a few, ones that didn't burst to kindling under the internal pressure of the ivory beetles breeding, the beetles burrowing and hatching in the tangled trunks of the bo until they burst forth, flying, and spread to their next victim and their next and their next  All is transient.Even bo trees cannot last.Jaidee touches his eyebrows, fingering the pale half moons above his eyes where hair once stood.He still hasn't gotten used to his shaven state.Everything changes.He stares up at the bo tree and the Buddha.I was asleep.All along, I was asleep and never understood.But now, as he stares at the relic bo tree, something shifts.Nothing lasts forever.A kuti is a cell.This cell is a prison.He sits in a prison, while the ones who took Chaya live and drink and whore and laugh.Nothing is permanent.This is the central teaching of the Buddha.Not a career, not an institution, not a wife, not a tree All is change; change is the only truth.He stretches a hand toward the painting and traces the flaking paint, wondering if the man who painted it used a real living bo tree as model, if he was lucky enough to live when they lived, or if he modeled it from a photo.Copied from a copy.In a thousand years will they even know that bo trees existed?Will Niwat and Surat's great grandchildren know that there were other fig trees, also all gone?Will they know that there were many many trees and that they were of many types?Not just a Gates teak, and a generipped PurCal banana, but many, many others as well?Will they understand that we were not fast enough or smart enough to save them all?That we had to make choices?The Grahamites who preach on the streets of Bangkok all talk of their Holy Bible and its stories of salvation.Their stories of Noah Bodhisattva, who saved all the animals and trees and flowers on his great bamboo raft and helped them cross the waters, all the broken pieces of the world piled atop his raft while he hunted for land.But there is no Noah Bodhisattva now.There is only Phra Seub who feels the pain of loss but can do little to stop it, and the little mud Buddhas of the Environment Ministry, who hold back rising waters by barest luck.The bo tree blurs.Jaidee's cheeks are wet with tears.Still he stares up at it and the Buddha in his pose of meditation.Who would have thought the calorie companies would attack figs?Who would have thought the bo trees would die as well?The farang have no respect for anything but money.He wipes the water off his face.It is stupid to think that anything lasts forever.Perhaps even Buddhism is transient.He stands and gathers his white novice robes around him.He wais to the flaking paint of the Buddha under his disappeared tree.Outside, the moon shines bright.A few green methane lamps glow, barely lighting the paths through the reengineered teak trees to the monastery gates.It is foolish to grasp for things that cannot be regained.All things die.Chaya is already lost to him.Such is change.No one guards the gates.It is assumed that he is obedient.That he will scrape and beg for any hope of Chaya's return.That he will allow himself to be broken.He's not even sure if anyone cares now about his final fate.He has served his purpose.Dealt a blow to General Pracha, lost face for the entire Environment Ministry.If he stays or leaves, what of it?He walks out onto the night streets of the City of Divine Beings and heads south, toward the river, toward the Grand Palace and the glittering lights of the city, down through streets half populated.Toward the levees that keep the city from drowning under the curse of the farang.The City Pillar Shrine rises ahead of him, its roofs gleaming, Buddha images alight with offerings, sweet incense pouring from them.It was here that Rama XII declared that the city of Krung Thep would not be abandoned.Would not fall to the likes of the farang the way that Ayutthaya fell to the Burmese so many centuries before.Over the chanting of nine hundred ninety nine monks dressed in saffron robes, the King declared that the city would be saved, and from that moment he charged the Ministry of the Environment with its defense.Charged them with the building of the great levees and the tide pools that would buffer the city against the wash of monsoon flood and the surge of typhoon waves.Krung Thep would stand.Jaidee walks on, listening to the steady chant of monks who pray every minute of the day, summoning the power of the spirit worlds to Bangkok's aid.There were times when he himself knelt on the cool marble of the shrine, prostrate before the city's central pillar, begging for the help of the King and the spirits and whatever life force the city was imbued with as he went forth to do his work.The city pillar was talismanic.It gave him faith.Now he walks past in his white robes and doesn't look twice.All things are transient.He continues through the streets, makes his way into the crowded quarters along the back of Charoen Khlong.The waters lap quietly.No one poles its dark surface this late at night.But ahead, on one of the screened porches a candle flickers.He steals closer."Kanya!"His old lieutenant turns, surprised.She composes her features, but not before Jaidee has a chance to read her shock at what stands before her: this forgotten man without a hair on his head, without even his eyebrows, grinning madly at her from the foot of her steps.He removes his sandals and climbs in white like a ghost up the stairs.Jaidee is aware of the appearance he presents, can't help but enjoy the humor as he opens the screens and slips within."I thought you had already gone to the forests," Kanya says.Jaidee settles beside her, arranging his robes around him.He stares out at the stinking waters of the khlong.Amango tree's branches reflect against the moonlight liquid silver."It takes a long time to find a monastery willing to soil itself with my sort.Even Phra Kritipong seems to have second thoughts when it comes to enemies of Trade. "Kanya makes a face."Everyone talks about how they are in ascendancy.Akkarat speaks openly of allowing windup imports. "Jaidee startles."I hadn't heard of such.A few farang, but"  Kanya makes a face."'All respect to the Queen, but windups do not riot. '"She forces her thumb into the hard peel of a mangosteen.Its purple skin, nearly black in the darkness, peels away."Torapee measuring his father's footprints. "Jaidee shrugs."All things change. "Kanya grimaces."How can one fight their money?Money is their power.Who remembers their patrons?Who remembers their obligations when money comes surging in as strong and deep as the ocean against the seawalls?"She grimaces."We are not fighting the rising waters.We are fighting money. ""Money is attractive. "Kanya makes a bitter face."Not to you.You were a monk even before they sent you to a kuti. ""Perhaps that's why I make such a poor novice. ""Shouldn't you be in your kuti now?"Jaidee grins."It was cramping my style. "Kanya stills, looks hard at Jaidee."You're not ordaining?""I'm a fighter, not a monk. "He shrugs."Sitting in a kuti and meditating will do no good.I let myself become confused about that.Losing Chaya confused me.  ""She will return.I'm sure of it. "Jaidee smiles sadly at his protg, so full of hope and faith.It's surprising that a woman who smiles so little and sees so much melancholy in the world can believe that in this case this one exceptional case that the world will turn in a positive direction."No.She will not. ""She will!"Jaidee shakes his head."I always thought you were the skeptical one. "Kanya's face is anguished."You've done everything to signal capitulation.You have no face left!They must let her go!""They will not.I think that she was dead within a day.I only clung to hope because I was mad for her. ""You don't know she'd dead.They could still be holding her. ""As you pointed out, I have no face left.If this were a lesson, she would have returned by now.It was a different sort of message than we thought. "Jaidee contemplates the still waters of the khlong."I need a favor from you. ""Anything. ""Loan me a spring gun. "Kanya's eyes widen."Khun"  "Don't worry.I'll bring it back.I don't need you to come with me.I just need a good weapon. ""I"  Jaidee grins."Don't worry.I'll be fine.And there's no reason to destroy two careers. ""You're going after Trade. ""Akkarat needs to understand that the Tiger still has teeth. ""You don't even know if it was Trade who took her. ""Who else, really?"Jaidee shrugs."I have made many enemies, but in the end, there is really only one. "He smiles."There is Trade and there is me.I was foolish to let people convince me otherwise. ""I'll come with you. ""No.You will stay here.You will keep an eye on Niwat and Surat.That is all I ask of you, Lieutenant. ""Please don't do this.I will beg Pracha, I will go to "  Jaidee cuts her off, before she speaks of ugliness.There was a time when he would have let her lose face before him, would have allowed her apologies to spill forth like a waterfall during the monsoon, but not anymore."I don't wish for anything else," he says."I am content.I will go to Trade and I will make them pay.All of this is kamma.I was not meant to keep Chaya forever, or she to keep me.But I think there are still things we can do if we hold tight to our damma.We all have our duties, Kanya.To our patrons, to our men. "He shrugs."I've had many different lives.I was a boy, and a muay thai champion, and a father, and a white shirt. "He glances down at the folds of his novice's clothes."A monk, even. "He grins."Don't worry about me.I have a few more stages yet to traverse before I give up on this life and go to meet Chaya. "He lets his voice harden."I still have unfinished business, and I won't stop until it is done. "Kanya watches him, eyes anguished."You can't go alone. ""No.I will take Somchai. "* * *   Trade: the ministry that functions with impunity, that scoffs at him so easily, that steals his wife and leaves a hole in him the size of a durian.Chaya.Jaidee studies the building.In the face of all those blazing lights, he feels like a savage in the wilderness, like a hilltribe spirit doctor staring at the advance of a megodont army.For a moment, his sense of mission falters.I should see the boys, he tells himself.I could go home.And yet here he is in the darkness, watching the lights of the Ministry of Trade, where they burn their coal allocation as though the Contraction never happened, as though there are no seawalls needed to keep back the ocean.Somewhere in there a man squats and plans.The man who watched him at the anchor pads so long ago.Who spat betel and sauntered away as if Jaidee were nothing more than a cockroach to be crushed.Who sat beside Akkarat and observed silently as Jaidee was thrown down.That man will lead to Chaya's resting place.That man is the key.Somewhere inside those glowing windows.Jaidee ducks back into the darkness.He and Somchai wear dark street clothes, stripped of all identifiers, the better to blend with the night.Somchai is a fast one.One of the best.Dangerous close in, and quiet.He knows his way around a lock, and, like Jaidee, he is motivated.Somchai's face is serious as he studies the building.Almost as serious as Kanya, when Jaidee considers it.The demeanor seems to creep up on all of them, eventually.Seems to come with the work.Jaidee wonders if the Thai ever really smiled as he has heard in legends.Every time he hears his boys laugh, it is as if some beautiful orchid has blossomed in the forest."They sell themselves cheaply," Somchai murmurs.Jaidee nods shortly."I remember when Trade was just a bit portfolio under Agriculture, and now look at it. ""You're showing your age.Trade was always a big ministry. ""No.Just a tiny department.A joke. "Jaidee waves at the new complex with its high tech convection vents, with its awnings and porticos."It's a new world, once again. "As if to taunt him, a pair of cheshires jump up on a balustrade to preen and wash.They molt in and out of view, careless of discovery.Jaidee pulls out his spring gun and takes aim."That's what Trade has given us.Cheshires should be on their badge. ""Please don't. "He looks at Somchai."It carries no karmic cost.They have no soul. ""They bleed like any other animal. ""You could say the same of ivory beetles. "Somchai ducks his head, but doesn't say anything more.Jaidee scowls and puts his spring gun back in its holster.It would be waste of ammunition anyway.There are always more."I used to be on the poison details for cheshires," Somchai says finally."Now it's you who shows your age. "Somchai shrugs."I had a family then. ""I didn't know. ""Cibiscosis.118.Aa.It was quick. ""I remember.My father died with that one as well.A bad iteration. "Somchai nods."I miss them.I hope they reincarnated well. ""I'm sure they did. "He shrugs."One can hope.I became a monk for them.Ordained for a full year.I prayed.Did many offerings. "He says again, "One can hope. "The cheshires yowl again as Somchai watches."I've killed thousands of them.Thousands.I've killed six men in my life and never regretted any of them, but I've killed thousands of cheshires and have never felt at ease. "He pauses, scratches behind his ear at a bloom of arrested fa' gan fringe."I sometimes wonder if my family's cibiscosis was karmic retribution for all those cheshires. ""It couldn't be.They're not natural. "Somchai shrugs."They breed.They eat.They live.They breathe. "He smiles slightly."If you pet them, they will purr. "Jaidee makes a face of disgust."It's true.I have touched them.They are real.As much as you or I. ""They're just empty vessels.No soul fills them. "Somchai shrugs."Maybe even the worst monstrosities of the Japanese live in some way.I worry that Noi and Chart and Malee and Prem have been reborn in windup bodies.Not all of us are good enough to become Contraction phii.Maybe some of us become windups, in Japanese factories, working working working, you know?We're so few in comparison to the past, where did all the souls go?Maybe to the Japanese?Maybe into windups?"Jaidee masks his uneasiness at the direction of Somchai's words."It's impossible. "Somchai shrugs again."Still.I could not bear to hunt a cheshire again. ""Then let's hunt men. "Across the street, a door is opening and a Ministry worker steps outside.Jaidee is already crossing the street, sprinting to catch the man.Their target strides to a rack of bicycles and bends down to unlock a wheel.Jaidee's club slides free.The man looks up and gasps and then Jaidee is on top of him, baton swinging.The man has time to raise an arm.Jaidee swats it aside and then he is inside the man's reach and clubs him across the head.Somchai catches up."You're fast for an old man. "Jaidee smiles."Take his feet. "They lug the body back across the street, slipping into the puddled blackness between the methane lamps.Jaidee goes through his pockets.Keys jingle.He grins and raises them to show the prize.He ties the man quickly, blindfolds and gags him.A cheshire drifts close, watching, a molting of calico and shadow and stone."Will the cheshires eat him?"Somchai wonders."If you cared, you would have let me kill them. "Somchai ponders this, but doesn't say anything.Jaidee finishes binding the man."Come on. "They jog back across the street, slip to the door.The key enters easily, and they are inside.In the glare of electricity, Jaidee stifles the urge to locate light switches and plunge the Ministry into darkness."Stupid to have people working so late.Burning all this carbon. "Somchai shrugs."Our man may be here in the building, even now. ""Not if he's lucky. "But Jaidee has the same thought.He wonders if he will be able to restrain himself if he catches Chaya's killer.Wonders why he should.They slip through more lighted halls.A few people are still present, but no one gives them a second glance as they stride by.Both of them walk with authority, have the air of men others must defer to.Jaidee acknowledges others with a quick inclination of his head as he walks past.Eventually he finds the records offices he requires.Somchai and Jaidee pause in front of glass doors.Jaidee hefts his baton."Glass. "Somchai notes."You want to try?"Somchai examines the lock, pulls out a set of tools, sets to work probing the aperture, massaging its tumblers.Jaidee stands beside him, waiting impatiently.The corridor blazes with light.Somchai fiddles with the locks."Eh.Never mind. "Jaidee hefts his baton."Move aside. "The shattering is quick; the sound echoes and fades.They wait for footsteps but there are none.They both slip inside and proceed to rifle through the cabinets.Eventually Jaidee finds the personnel files, and then there is a long period of examining poor photographs, of setting aside ones that seem familiar, sifting, sorting."He knew me. "Jaidee mutters."He looked right at me. ""Everyone knows you," Somchai observes."You are famous. "Jaidee grimaces."You think he was at the anchor pads to collect something?Or just there for the inspections themselves?""Or perhaps they wanted whatever was in Carlyle's holds.Or some other dirigible that aborted arrival and dropped in Occupied Lanna, instead.There are a thousand possibilities, no?""Here!"Jaidee points."This is the one. ""You're sure?His face was narrower, I thought. ""I'm sure of it. "Somchai frowns as he scans the file over Jaidee's shoulder."A low level man.Not important at all.No one with influence. "Jaidee shakes his head."No.He has power.I saw the way he looked at me.He was at the ceremony when I was demoted. "He frowns."There is no address information from him.Just Krung Thep. "The sound of scuffling comes from outside.A pair of men stand in the broken doorway with their spring guns drawn."Hold!"Jaidee grimaces.Clasps the file behind his back."Yes?There is a difficulty?"The guards step through the door, survey the office."Who are you?"Jaidee looks at Somchai."I thought you said I was famous. "Somchai shrugs."Not everyone loves muay thai. ""But still, everyone gambles.They should have at least placed bets on my fights. "The guards come closer.They order Jaidee and Somchai onto their knees.As the guards come around to secure them, Jaidee lashes out with an elbow.Catches one guard in the gut.Whirls with a knee that slams the man in the head.The other guard fires a stream of blades before Somchai hits him in the throat.The man falls, dropping his pistol, gurgling through a broken windpipe.Jaidee grabs the surviving guard, drags him close."Do you know this man?"He holds up the picture of his target.The guard's eyes widen and he shakes his head, tries to crawl away towards his pistol.Jaidee kicks it out of reach, then kicks the man in his ribs."Tell me everything about him!He's yours.Akkarat's. "The guard shakes his head."No!"Jaidee kicks him in the face, drawing blood.Gets down beside the mewling man."Tell me, or you follow your friend. "Both their eyes travel to the gurgling man, strangling on his own crushed airway."Tell me," Jaidee says."No need for that. "At the door, the object of Jaidee's hunger stands.Men pour in through the door ahead of him.Jaidee draws his pistol, but they fire and blades slash into his gun arm.He drops the pistol.Blood pours.He turns to run for the office's windows, but men tackle him, skidding on the wet marble.Everyone goes down in a tangle of limbs.Somewhere far away, Jaidee hears Somchai bellowing.His arms are yanked behind him.Zip straps bind his wrists in rattan bonds."Tourniquet that!"the man orders."I don't want him bleeding to death. "Jaidee looks down.Blood is welling out of his arm.His captors staunch the flow.He's not sure if he's lightheaded from blood loss or the sudden lust he has for his enemy's death.They yank him upright.Somchai joins him, his nose pouring blood, his eye closed.Teeth red.Behind him on the floor, two men lie still.The man studies the two of them.Jaidee returns the gaze, refusing to look away."Captain Jaidee.You were supposed to have entered the monkhood. "Jaidee tries to shrug."My kuti didn't have enough light.I thought I'd do my penance here, instead. "The man smiles slightly."We can arrange that. "He nods to his men."Take them upstairs. "The men yank him and Somchai out of the room, drag them down the corridor.They reach an elevator.A real electric elevator, with dials that glow and designs of the Ramakin on the walls.Each button a small demon's mouth, and busty women playing saw duang and jakae around the edges.The doors close."What is your name?"Jaidee asks the man.The man shrugs."It's not important. ""You're Akkarat's creature. "The man doesn't answer.The doors open.They come out on the roof.Fifteen stories into the air.The men shove him and Somchai toward the lip of the building."Go on," says the man."You wait up here.Over by the edge, where we can see you. "They point their spring guns and order him forward until he and Somchai stand at the lip, looking down on the faint glows of the methane lamps.Jaidee studies the plunge.So this is what it is to face death.He stares down into the depths.The street far below.The air waiting for him."What did you do with Chaya?"he calls back to the man.The man smiles."Is that why you are here?Because we didn't return her to you soon enough?"Jaidee feels a thrill of hope.Could he have been wrong?"You can do what you want with me.But let her go. "The man seems to falter.Is it guilt that makes him hesitate?Jaidee cannot tell.He is too far away.Is Chaya dead then, for certain?"Just let her go.Do what you want with me. "The man doesn't say anything.Jaidee wonders if there is anything he should have done differently.It was brash of him to come here.But she was lost already.And the man has made no promises, no taunts to suggest she is alive.Was he foolish?"Is she alive or not?"he asks.The man smiles slightly."I suppose it hurts not to know. ""Let her go. ""It wasn't personal, Jaidee.If there had been another way" The man shrugs.She is dead.Jaidee is sure of it.All part of some plan.He shouldn't have let Pracha convince him otherwise.He should have attacked immediately with the full power of his men, taught Trade a lesson in retribution.He turns to Somchai."I'm sorry about this. "Somchai shrugs."You were always a tiger.It's in your nature.I knew that when I came with you. ""Still, Somchai, if we die here"  Somchai smiles."Then you will come back as a cheshire. "Jaidee can't help a bark of surprised laughter.It feels good, this bubbling noise.He finds he can't stop.The laughter fills him up, lifting him.Even the guards snicker.Jaidee catches another glimpse of Somchai's widening smile, and his mirth redoubles.Behind them, footsteps.A voice."Such a humorous party.So much laughter for a pair of thieves. "Jaidee can barely master himself.He gasps for breath."There must be a mistake.We just work here. ""I think not.Turn around. "Jaidee turns.The Trade Minister stands before him.Akkarat in the flesh.And beside him Jaidee's hilarity leaves him like hydrogen gusting from a dirigible.Akkarat is flanked by bodyguards.Black Panthers.Royal Elites, a sign of the palace's esteem to have them on his leash.Jaidee's heart goes cold.No one in the Environment Ministry is so protected.Not even General Pracha himself.Akkarat smiles slightly at Jaidee's shock.He surveys Jaidee and Somchai as though examining tilapia in the market but Jaidee does not care.His eyes are on the nameless man behind him.The unassuming one.The one Puzzle pieces click into place."You're not Trade at all. "He murmurs."You're with the palace. "The man shrugs.Akkarat speaks."You're not so bold now, are you Captain Jaidee?""There, I told you you were famous," Somchai murmurs.Jaidee almost laughs again, though the implications of this new understanding are deeply troubling."You truly have the palace's backing?"Akkarat shrugs."Trade is in ascendancy.The Somdet Chaopraya favors an open policy. "Jaidee measures the distance between them.Too far."I'm surprised a heeya like you would dare come so close to your dirty work. "Akkarat smiles."I wouldn't miss this.You've been an expensive thorn. ""Do you intend to push us yourself, then?"Jaidee taunts."Will you stain your own kamma with my death, heeya?"He nods at the men around them."Or will you try to put the stain on your men?See them come back as cockroaches in their next life to be squashed ten thousand times before a decent rebirth?Blood on their hands for killing in cold blood.For the sake of profit?"The men shift nervously and glance at one another.Akkarat scowls."You're the one who will come back as a cockroach. "Jaidee grins."Come then.Prove your manhood.Push the defenseless man to his death. "Akkarat hesitates."Are you a paper tiger?"Jaidee goads."Come on then.Hurry up!I'm getting dizzy, waiting so close to the edge. "Akkarat studies him."You've gone too far, white shirt.This time, you've gone too far. "He strides forward.Jaidee whirls.His knee rises, slams into the Trade Minister's ribs.The men are all shouting.Jaidee leaps again, moving as smoothly as he ever did in the stadiums.It's almost as though he never left Lumphini.Never left the crowds and the roar of gamblers.His knee crushes the Trade Minister's leg.Fire crackles in Jaidee's joints, unused to these contortions, but even with his hands tied behind his back, his knees still fly with the efficiency of a champion's.He kicks again.The Trade Minister grunts and stumbles to the building's edge.Jaidee raises his foot to drive Akkarat over the precipice but pain blossoms in his back.He stumbles.Blood mists in the air.Spring gun disks rip through him.Jaidee loses his rhythm.The building's edge surges toward him.He glimpses Black Panthers grabbing their patron, yanking him away.Jaidee kicks again, trying for a lucky strike, but he hears the whine of more blades in the air, the whir of pistol springs unwinding as they spit disks into his flesh.The blooms of pain are hot and deep.He slams against the edge of the building.Falls to his knees.He tries to rise again, but now the spring gun whine is steady many men firing; the high pitched squeal of releasing energy fills his ears.He can't get his legs under him.Akkarat is wiping blood off his face.Somchai is struggling with another pair of Panthers.Jaidee doesn't even feel the shove that sends him over the edge.The fall is shorter than he expected.18  The rumor travels like fire in the dead timber of Isaan.The Tiger is dead.Trade is in ascendancy for certain.Hock Seng's neck prickles as tension blossoms in the city.The man who sells a newspaper to him does not smile.A pair of white shirts on patrol scowls at every pedestrian.The people who sell vegetables seem suddenly furtive, as if they are dealing contraband.The Tiger is dead, shamed somehow, though no one seems to know the specifics.