and it got me transported.What a beautiful table!""Sit by me, Prof," Wyoh invited."I don't want to sit by him.Rapist. ""Look," I said, "first we eat, then we eliminate me.Prof, fill plate and tell what happened last night. ""May I suggest a change in program?Manuel, the life of a conspirator is not an easy one and I learned before you were born not to mix provender and politics.Disturbs the gastric enzymes and leads to ulcers, the occupational disease of the underground.Mmm!That fish smells good. ""Fish?""That pink salmon," Prof answered, pointing at ham.A long, pleasant time later we reached coffee/tea stage.Prof leaned back, sighed and said, "Bolshoyeh spasebaw, Gospazha ee Gospodin.Tak for mat, it was wonderfully good.I don't know when I've felt more at peace with the world.Ah yes!Last evening  I saw not too much of the proceedings because, just as you two were achieving an admirable retreat, I lived to fight another day  I bugged out.Made it to the wings in one long flat dive.When I did venture to peek out, the party was over, most had left, and all yellow jackets were dead. "(Note: Must correct this; I learned more later.When trouble started, as I was trying to get Wyoh through door, Prof produced a hand gun and, firing over heads, picked off three bodyguards at rear main door, including one wearing bull voice.How he smuggled weapon up to The Rock  or managed to liberate it later  I don't know.But Prof's shooting joined with Shorty's work to turn tables; not one yellow jacket got out alive.Several people were burned and four were killed  but knives, hands, and heels finished it in seconds. )"Perhaps I should say, 'All but one,'" Prof went on."Two cossacks at the door through which you departed had been given quietus by our brave comrade Shorty Mkrum...and I am sorry to say that Shorty was lying across them, dying  "  "We knew. ""So.Duke et decorum.One guard in that doorway had a damaged face but was still moving; I gave his neck a treatment known in professional circles Earthside as the Istanbul twist.He joined his mates.By then most of the living had left.Just myself, our chairman of the evening Finn Nielsen, a comrade known as 'Mom,' that being what her husbands called her.I consulted with Comrade Finn and we bolted all doors.That left a cleaning job.Do you know the arrangements backstage there?""Not me," I said.Wyoh shook head."There is a kitchen and pantry, used for banquets.I suspect that Mom and family run a butcher shop for they disposed of bodies as fast as Finn and I carried them back, their speed limited only by the rate at which portions could be ground up and flushed into the city's cloaca.The sight made me quite faint, so I spent time mopping in the hall.Clothing was the difficult part, especially those quasi military uniforms. ""What did you do with those laser guns?"Prof turned bland eyes on me."Guns?Dear me, they must have disappeared.We removed everything of a personal nature from bodies of our departed comrades  tor relatives, for identification, for sentiment.Eventually we had everything tidy  not a job that would fool Interpol but one as to make it seem unlikely that anything untoward had taken place.We conferred, agreed that it would be well not to be seen soon, and left severally, myself by a pressure door above the stage leading up to level six.Thereafter I tried to call you, Manuel, being worried about your safety and that of this dear lady. "Prof bowed to Wyoh."That completes the tale.I spent the night in quiet places. ""Prof," I said, "those guards were new chums, still getting their legs.Or we wouldn't have won. ""That could be," he agreed."But had they not been, the outcome would have been the same. ""How so?They were armed. ""Lad, have you ever seen a boxer dog?I think not  no dogs that large in Luna.The boxer is a result of special selection.Gentle and intelligent, he turns instantly into deadly killer when occasion requires."Here has been bred an even more curious creature.I know of no city on Terra with as high standards of good manners and consideration for one's fellow man as here in Luna.By comparison, Terran cities  I have known most major ones  are barbaric.Yet the Loonie is as deadly as the boxer dog.Manuel, nine guards, no matter how armed, stood no chance against that pack.Our patron used bad judgment. ""Um.Seen a morning paper, Prof?Or a video cast?""The latter, yes. ""Nothing in late news last night. ""Nor this morning. ""Odd," I said."What's odd about it?"asked Wyoh."We won't talk  and we have comrades in key places in every paper in Luna. "Prof shook his head."No, my dear.Not that simple.Censorship.Do you know how copy is set in our newspapers?""Not exactly.It's done by machinery. ""Here's what Prof means," I told her."News is typed in editorial offices.From there on it's a leased service directed by a master computer at Authority Complex"  hoped she would notice "master computer" rather than "Mike"  "copy prints out there via phone circuit.These rolls feed into a computer section which reads, sets copy, and prints out newspapers at several locations.Novylen edition of Daily Lunatic prints out in Novylen changes in ads and local stories, and computer makes changes from standard symbols, doesn't have to be told how.What Prof means is that at print out at Authority Complex, Warden could intervene.Same for all news services, both off and to Luna  they funnel through computer room. ""The point is," Prof went on, "the Warden could have killed the story.It's irrelevant whether he did.Or  check me, Manuel; you know I'm hazy about machinery  he could insert a story, too, no matter how many comrades we have in newspaper offices. ""Sure," I agreed."At Complex, anything can be added, cut, or changed. ""And that, seorita, is the weakness of our Cause.Communications.Those goons were not important  but crucially important is that it lay with the Warden, not with us, to decide whether the story should be told.To a revolutionist, communications are a sine qua non. "Wyoh looked at me and I could see synapses snapping.So I changed subject."Prof.why get rid of bodies?Besides horrible job, was dangerous.Don't know how many bodyguards Warden has, but more could show up while you were doing it. ""Believe me, lad, we feared that.But although I was almost useless, it was my idea, I had to convince the others.Oh, not my original idea but remembrance of things past, an historical principle. ""What principle?""Terror!A man can face known danger.But the unknown frightens him.We disposed of those finks, teeth and toenails, to strike terror into their mates.Nor do I know how many effectives the Warden has, but I guarantee they are less effective today.Their mates went out on an easy mission.Nothing came back. "Wyoh shivered."It scares me, too.They won't be anxious to go inside a warren again.But, Professor, you say you don't know how many bodyguards the Warden keeps.The Organization knows.Twenty seven.If nine were killed, only eighteen are left.Perhaps it's time for a putsch.No?""No," I answered."Why not, Mannie?They'll never be weaker. ""Not weak enough.Killed nine because they were crackers to walk in where we were.But if Warden stays home with guards around him   Well, had enough shoulder to shoulder noise last night. "I turned to Prof."But still I'm interested in fact  if it is  that Warden now has only eighteen.You said Wyoh should not go to Hong Kong and I should not go home.But if he has only eighteen left, I wonder how much danger?Later after he gets reinforcements.but now, well, L City has four main exits plus many little ones.How many can they guard?What's to keep Wyoh from walking to Tube West, getting p suit, going home?""She might," Prof agreed."I think I must," Wyoh said."I can't stay here forever.If I have to hide, I can do better in Hong Kong, where I know people. ""You might get away with it, my dear.I doubt it.There were two yellow jackets at Tube Station West last night; I saw them.They may not be there now.Let's assume they are not.You go to the station  disguised perhaps.You get your p suit and take a capsule to Beluthihatchie.As you climb out to take the bus to Endsville, you're arrested.Communications.No need to post a yellow jacket at the station; it is enough that someone sees you there.A phone call does the rest. ""But you assumed that I was disguised. ""Your height cannot be disguised and your pressure suit would be watched.By someone not suspected of any connection with the Warden.Most probably a comrade. "Prof dimpled."The trouble with conspiracies is that they rot internaily.When the number is as high as four, chances are even that one is a spy. "Wyoh said glumly, "You make it sound hopeless. ""Not at all, my dear.One chance in a thousand, perhaps. ""I can't believe it.I don't believe it!Why, in the years I've been active we have gained members by the hundreds!We have organizations in all major cities.We have the people with us. "Prof shook head."Every new member made it that much more likely that you would be betrayed.Wyoming dear lady, revolutions are not won by enlisting the masses.Revolution is a science only a few are competent to practice.It depends on correct organization and, above all, on communications.Then, at the proper moment in history, they strike.Correctly organized and properly timed it is a bloodless coup.Done clumsily or prematurely and the result is civil war, mob violence, purges, terror.I hope you will forgive me if I say that, up to now, it has been done clumsily. "Wyoli looked baffled."What do you mean by 'correct organization'?""Functional organization.How does one design an electric motor?Would you attach a bathtub to it, simply because one was available?Would a bouquet of flowers help?A heap of rocks?No, you would use just those elements necessary to its purpose and make it no larger than needed  and you would incorporate safety factors.Function controls design."So it is with revolution.Organization must be no larger than necessary  never recruit anyone merely because he wants to join.Nor seek to persuade for the pleasure of having another share your views.He'll share them when the times comes...or you've misjudged the moment in history.Oh, there will be an educational organization but it must be separate; agitprop is no part of basic structure."As to basic structure, a revolution starts as a conspiracy therefore structure is small, secret, and organized as to minimize damage by betrayal  since there always are betrayals.One solution is the cell system and so far nothing better has been invented."Much theosizing has gone into optimum cell size.I think that history shows that a cell of three is best  more than three can't agree on when to have dinner, much less when to strike.Manuel, you belong to a large family; do you vote on when to have dinner?""Bog, no!Mum decides. ""Ah. "Prof took a pad from his pouch, began to sketch."Here is a cells of three tree.If I were planning to take over Luna.I would start with us three.One would be opted as chairman.We wouldn't vote; choice would be obvious  or we aren't the right three.We would know the next nine people, three cells...but each cell would know only one of us. ""Looks like computer diagram  a ternary logic. ""Does it really?At the next level there are two ways of linking: This comrade, second level, knows his cell leader, his two cellmates, and on the third level he knows the three in his subcell  he may or may not know his cellmates' subcells.One method doubles security, the other doubles speed  of repair if security is penetrated.Let's say he does not know his cellmates' subcells  Manuel, how many can he betray?Don't say he won't; today they can brainwash any person, and starch and iron and use him.How many?""Six," I answered."His boss, two ceilmates, three in sub cell. ""Seven," Prof corrected, "he betrays himself, too.Which leaves seven broken links on three levels to repair.How?""I don't see how it can be," objected Wyoh."You've got them so split up it falls to pieces. ""Manuel?An exercise for the student. ""Well...blokes down here have to have way to send message up three levels.Don't have to know who, just have to know where. ""Precisely!""But, Prof," I went on, "there's a better way to rig it. ""Really?Many revolutionary theorists have hammered this out, Manuel.I have such confidence in them that I'll offer you a wager  at, say, ten to one. ""Ought to take your money.Take same cells, arrange in open pyramid of tetrahedrons.Where vertices are in common, each bloke knows one in adjoining cell  knows how to send message to him, that's all he needs.Communications never break down because they run sideways as well as up and down.Something like a neural net.It's why you can knock a hole in a man's head, take chunk of brain out, and not damage thinking much.Excess capacity, messages shunt around.He loses what was destroyed but goes on functioning. ""Manuel," Prof said doubtfully, "could you draw a picture?It sounds good  but it's so contrary to orthodox doctrine that I need to see it. ""Well...could do better with stereo drafting machine.I'll try. "(Anybody who thinks it's easy to sketch one hundred twenty one tetrahedrons, a five level open pyramid, clear enough to show relationships is invited to try!)Presently I said, "Look at base sketch.Each vertex of each triangle shares self with zero, one, or two other triangles.Where shares one, that's its link, one direction or both  but one is enough for a multipli redundant communication net.On corners, where sharing is zero, it jumps to right to next corner.Where sharing is double, choice is again right handed."Now work it with people.Take fourth level, D for dog.This vertex is comrade Dan.No, let's go down one to show three levels of communication knocked out  level E for easy and pick Comrade Egbert."Egbert works under Donald, has cellmates Edward and Elmer, and has three under him, Frank, Fred, and Fatso...but knows how to send message to Ezra on his own level but not in his cell.He doesn't know Ezra's name, face, address, or anything  but has a way, phone number probably, to reach Ezra in emergency."Now watch it work.Casimir, level three, finks out and betrays Charlie and Cox in his cell, Baker above him, and Donald, Dan, and Dick in subcell  which isolates Egbert, Edward, and Elmer.and everybody under them."All three report it  redundancy, necessary to any communication system  but follow Egbert's yell for help.He calls Ezra.But Ezra is under Charlie and is isolated, too.No matter, Ezra relays both messages through his safety link, Edmund.By bad luck Edmund is under Cox, so he also passes it laterally, through Enwright...and that gets it past burned out part and it goes up through Dover, Chambers, and Beeswax, to Adam, front office....ho replies down other side of pyramid, with lateral pass on E for easy level from Esther to Egbert and on to Ezra and Edmund.These two messages, up and down, not only get through at once but in way they get through, they define to home office exactly how much damage has been done and where.Organization not only keeps functioning but starts repairing self at once. "Wyoh was tracing out lines, convincing herself it would work  which it would, was "idiot" circuit.Let Mike study a few milliseconds, and could produce a better, safer, more foolproof hookup.And probably  certainly  ways to avoid betrayal while speeding up routings.But I'm not a computer.Prof was staring with blank expression."What's trouble?"I said."It'll work; this is my pidgin. ""Manuel my b   Excuse me: Seor O'Kelly...will you head this revolution?""Me?Great Bog, nyet!I'm no lost cause martyr.Just talking about circuits. "Wyoh looked up."Mannie," she said soberly, "you're opted.It's settled. "6   Did like hell settle it.Prof said, "Manuel, don't be hasty.Here we are, three, the perfect number, with a variety of talents and experience.Beauty, age, and mature male drive  "  "I don't have any drive!""Please, Manuel.Let us think in the widest terms before attempting decisions.And to facilitate such, may I ask if this hostel stocks potables?I have a few florins I could put into the stream of trade. "Was most sensible word heard in an hour."Stilichnaya vodka?""Sound choice. "He reached for pouch."Tell it to bear," I said and ordered a liter, plus ice.It came down; was tomato juice from breakfast."Now," I said, after we toasted, "Prof, what you think of pennant race?Got money says Yankees can't do it again?""Manuel, what is your political philosophy?""With that new boy from Milwaukee I feel like investing. ""Sometimes a man doesn't have it defined but, under Socratic inquiry, knows where he stands and why. ""I'll back 'em against field, three to two. ""What?You young idiot!How much?""Three hundred.Hong Kong. ""Done.For example, under what circumstances may the State justly place its welfare above that of a citizen?""Mannie," Wyoh asked, "do you have any more foolish money?I think well of the Phillies. "I looked her over."Just what were you thinking of betting?""You go to hell!Rapist. ""Prof, as I see, are no circumstances under which State is justified in placing its welfare ahead of mine. ""Good.We have a starting point. ""Mannie," said Wyoh, "that's a most self centered evaluation. ""I'm a most self centered person. ""Oh, nonsense.Who rescued me?Me, a stranger.And didn't try to exploit it.Professor, I was cracking not facking.Mannie was a perfect knight. ""Sans peur et sans reproche.I knew, I've known him for years.Which is not inconsistent with evaluation he expressed. ""Oh, but it is!Not the way things are but under the ideal toward which we aim.Mannie, the 'State' is Luna.Even though not soverign yet and we hold citizenships elsewhere.But I am part of the Lunar State and so is your family.Would you die for your family?""Two questions not related. ""Oh, but they are!That's the point. ""Nyet.I know my family, opted long ago. ""Dear Lady, I must come to Manuel's defense.He has a correct evaluation even though he may not be able to state it.May I ask this?Under what circumstances is it moral for a group to do that which is not moral for a member of that group to do alone?""Uh...that's a trick question. ""It is the key question, dear Wyoming.A radical question that strikes to the root of the whole dilemma of government.Anyone who answers honestly and abides by all consequences knows where he stands  and what he will die for. "Wyoh frowned."'Not moral for a member of the group  '" she said."Professor...what are your political principles?""May I first ask yours?If you can state them?""Certainly I can!I'm a Fifth Internationalist, most of the Organization is.Oh, we don't rule out anyone going our way; it's a united front.We have Communists and Fourths and Ruddyites and Societians and Single Taxers and you name it.But I'm no Marxist; we Fifths have a practical program.Private where private belongs, public where it's needed, and an admission that circumstances alter cases.Nothing doctrinaire. ""Capital punishment?""For what?""Let's say for treason.Against Luna after you've freed Luna. ""Treason how?Unless I knew the circumstances I could not decide. ""Nor could I, dear Wyoming.But I believe in capital punishment under some circumstances...with this difference.I would not ask a court; I would try, condemn, execute sentence myself, and accept full responsibility. ""But  Professor, what are your political beliefs?""I'm a rational anarchist. ""I don't know that brand.Anarchist individualist, anarchist Communist, Christian anarchist, philosophical anarchist, syndicalist, libertarian  those I know.But what's this?Randite?""I can get along with a Randite.A rational anarchist believes that concepts such as 'state' and 'society' and 'government' have no existence save as physically exemplified in the acts of self responsible individuals.He believes that it is impossible to shift blame, share blame, distribute blame...as blame, guilt, responsibility are matters taking place inside human beings singly and nowhere else.But being rational, he knows that not all individuals hold his evaluations, so he tries to live perfectly in an imperfect world...aware that his effort will be less than perfect yet undismayed by self knowledge of self failure. ""Hear, hear!"I said."'Less than perfect. 'What I've been aiming for all my life. ""You've achieved it," said Wyoh."Professor, your words sound good but there is something slippery about them.Too much power in the hands of individuals  surely you would not want...well, H missiles for example  to be controlled by one irresponsible person?""My point is that one person is responsible.Always.If H bombs exist  and they do  some man controls them.In tern of morals there is no such thing as 'state. 'Just men.Individuals.Each responsible for his own acts. ""Anybody need a refill?"I asked.Nothing uses up alcohol faster than political argument.I sent for another bottle.I did not take part.I was not dissatisfied back when we were "ground under Iron Heel of Authority. "I cheated Authority and rest of time didn't think about it.Didn't think about getting rid of Authority  impossible.Go own way, mind own business, not be bothered    True, didn't have luxuries then; by Earthside standards we were poor.If had to be imported, mostly did without; don't think there was a powered door in all Luna.Even p suits used to be fetched up from Terra  until a smart Chinee before I was born figured how to make "monkey copies" better and simpler.(Could dump two Chinee down in one of our maria and they would get rich selling rocks to each other while raising twelve kids.Then a Hindu would sell retail stuff he got from them wholesale  below cost at fat profit.We got along. )I had seen those luxuries Earthside.Wasn't worth what they put up with.Don't mean heavy gravity, that doesn't bother them; I mean nonsense.All time kukai moa.If chicken guano in one earthworm city were shipped to Luna, fertilizer problem would be solved for century.Do this.Don't do that.Stay back of line.Where's tax receipt?Fill out form.Let's see license.Submit six copies.Exit only.No left turn.No right turn.Queue up to pay fine.Take back and get stamped.Drop dead  but first get permit.Wyoh plowed doggedly into Prof, certain she had all answers.But Prof was interested in questions rather than answers, which baffled her.Finally she said, "Professor, I can't understand you.I don't insist that you call it 'government'  I just want you to state what rules you think are necessary to insure equal freedom for all. ""Dear lady, I'll happily accept your rules. ""But you don't seem to want any rules!""True.But I will accept any rules that you feel necessary to your freedom.I am free, no matter what rules surround me.If I find them tolerable, I tolerate them; if I find them too obnoxious, I break them.I am free because I know that I alone am morally responsible for everything I do. ""You would not abide by a law that the majority felt was necessary?""Tell me what law, dear lady, and I will tell you whether I will obey it. ""You wiggled out.Every time I state a general principle, you wiggle out. "Prof clasped hands on chest."Forgive me.Believe me, lovely Wyoming, I am most anxious to please you.You spoke of willingness to unite the front with anyone going your way.Is it enough that I want to see the Authority thrown off Luna and would die to serve that end?"Wyoh beamed."It certainly is!"She fisted his ribs  gently  then put arm around him and kissed cheek."Comrade!Let's get on with it!""Cheers!"I said."Let's fin' Warden 'n' 'liminate him!"Seemed a good idea; I had had a short night and don't usually drink much.Prof topped our glasses, held his high and announced with great dignity: "Comrades...we declare the Revolution!"That got us both kissed.But sobered me, as Prof sat down and said, "The Emergency Committee of Free Luna is in session.We must plan action. "I said, "Wait, Prof!I didn't agree to anything.What's this 'Action' stuff?""We will now overthrow the Authority," he said blandly."How?Going to throw rocks at 'em?""That remains to be worked out.This is the planning stage. "I said, "Prof, you know me.If kicking out Authority was thing we could buy.I wouldn't worry about price. ""'  our lives, our fortunes, and our sacred honor. '""Huh?""A price that once was paid. ""Well  I'd go that high.But when I bet I want a chance to win.Told Wyoh last night I didn't object to long odds  "  "'One in ten' is what you said, Mannie. ""Da, Wyoh.Show me those odds, I'll tap pot.But can you?""No, Manuel, I can't. ""Then why we talk talk?I can't see any chance. ""Nor I, Manuel.But we approach it differently.Revolution is an art that I pursue rather than a goal I expect to achieve.Nor is this a source of dismay; a lost cause can be as spiritually satisfying as a victory. ""Not me.Sorry. ""Mannie," Wyoh said suddenly, "ask Mike. "I stared."You serious?""Quite serious.If anyone can figure out odds, Mike should be able to.Don't you think?""Um.Possible. ""Who, if I may ask," Prof put in, "is Mike?"I shrugged."Oh, just a nobody. ""Mike is Mannie's best friend.He's very good at figuring odds. ""A bookie?My dear, if we bring in a fourth party we start by violating the cell principle. ""I don't see why," Wyoh answered."Mike could be a member of the cell Mannie will head. ""Mmm...true.I withdraw objection.He is safe?You vouch for him?Or you, Manuel?"I said, "He's dishonest, immature, practical joker, not interested in politics. ""Mannie, I'm going to tell Mike you said that.Professor, he's nothing of the sort  and we need him.Uh, in fact he might be our chairman, and we three the cell under him.The executive cell. ""Wyoh, you getting enough oxygen?""I'm okay, I haven't been guzzling it the way you have.Think, Mannie.Use imagination. ""I must confess," said Prof, "that I find these conflicting reports very conflicting. ""Mannie?""Oh, hell. "So we told him, between us, all about Mike, how he woke up.got his name, met Wyoh.Prof accepted idea of a self aware computer easier than I accepted idea of snow first time I saw.Prof just nodded and said, "Go on. "But presently he said, "This is the Warden's own computer?Why not invite the Warden to our meetings and be done with it?"We tried to reassure him.At last i said, "Put it this way.Mike is his own boy, just as you are.Call him rational anarchist, for he's rational and he feels no loyalty to any government. ""If this machine is not loyal to its owners, why expect it to be loyal to you?""A feeling.I treat Mike well as I know how, he treats me same way. "I told how Mike had taken precautions to protect me."I'm not sure he could betray me to anyone who didn't have those signals, one to secure phone, other to retrieve what I've talked about or stored with him; machines don't think way people do.But feel dead sure he wouldn't want to betray me and probably could protect me even if somebody got those signals. ""Mannie," suggested Wyoh, "why not call him?Once Professor de la Paz talks to him he will know why we trust Mike.Professor, we don't have to tell Mike any secrets until you feel sure of him. ""I see no harm in that. ""Matter of fact," I admitted, "already told him some secrets. "I told them about recording last night's meeting and how I stored it.Prof was distressed, Wyoh was worried.I said, "Damp it!Nobody but me knows retrieval signal.Wyoh, you know how Mike behaved about your pictures; won't let me have those pictures even though I suggested lock on them.But if you two will stop oscillating, I'll call him, make sure that nobody has retrieved that recording.and tell him to erase  then it's gone forever, computer memory is all or nothing.Or can go one better.Call Mike and have him play record back into recorder, wiping storage.No huhu. ""Don't bother," said Wyoh."Professor, I trust Mike  and so will you. ""On second thought," Prof admitted, "I see little hazard from a recording of last night's meeting.One that large always contains spies and one of them may have used a recorder as you did, Manuel.I was upset at what appeared to be your indiscretion  a weakness a member of a conspiracy must never have, especially one at the top, as you are. ""Was not member of conspiracy when I fed that recording into Mike  and not now unless somebody quotes odds better than those so far!""I retract; you were not indiscreet.But are you seriously suggesting that this machine can predict the outcome of a revolution?""Don't know. ""I think he can!"said Wyoh."Hold it, Wyoh.Prof, he could predict it fed all significant data. ""That's my point, Manuel.I do not doubt that this machine can solve problems I cannot grasp.But one of this scope?It would have to know  oh, goodness!all of human history, all details of the entire social, political, and economic situation on Terra today and the same for Luna, a wide knowledge of psychology in all its ramifications, a wide knowledge of technology with all its possibilities, weaponry, communications, strategy and tactics, agitprop techniques, classic authorities such as Clausewitz, Guevera, Morgenstern, Machiavelli, many others. ""Is that all?""'Is that all?'My dear boy!""Prof, how many history books have you read?""I do not know.In excess of a thousand. ""Mike can zip through that many this afternoon, speed limited only by scanning method  he can store data much faster.Soon  minutes   he would have every fact correlated with everything else he knows, discrepancies noted, probability values assigned to uncertainties.Prof, Mike reads every word of every newspaper up from Terra.Reads all technical publications.Reads fiction  knows it's fiction  because isn't enough to keep him busy and is always hungry for more.If is any book he should read to solve this, say so.He can cram it down fast as I get it to him. "Prof blinked."I stand corrected.Very well, let us see if he can cope with it.I still think there is something known as 'intuition' and 'human judgment. '""Mike has intuition," Wych said."Feminine intuition, that is. ""As for 'human judgment,'" I added, "Mike isn't human.But all he knows he got from humans.Let's get you acquainted and you judge his judgment. "So I phoned."Hi, Mike!""Hello, Man my only male friend.Greetings, Wyoh my only female friend.I heard a third person.I conjecture that it may be Professor Bernardo de la Paz. "Prof looked startled, then delighted.I said, "Too right, Mike.That's why I called you; Professor is not stupid. ""Thank you, Man!Professor Bernardo de la Paz, I am delighted to meet you. ""I am delighted to meet you, too, sir. "Prof hesitated, went on "Mi  Seor Holmes, may I ask how you knew that I was here?""I am sorry, sir; I cannot answer.Man?'You know my methods. '""Mike is being crafty, Prof.It involves something he learned doing a confidential job for me.So he threw me a hint to let you think that he had identified you by hearing your presence  and he can indeed tell much from respiration and heartbeat...mass, approximate age, sex, and quite a bit about health; Mike's medical storage is as full as any other. ""I am happy to say," Mike added seriously, "that I detect no signs of cardiac or respiratory trouble, unusual for a man of the Professor's age who has spent so many years Earthside.I congratulate you, sir. ""Thank you, Seor Holmes. ""My pleasure, Professor Bernardo de la Paz. ""Once he knew your identity, he knew how old you are, when you were shipped and what for, anything that ever appeared about you in Lunatic or Moonglow or any Lunar publication, including pictures  your bank balance, whether you pay bills on time, and much more.Mike retrieved this in a split second once he had your name.What he didn't tell  because was my business  is that he knew I had invited you here, so it's a short jump to guess that you're still here when he heard heartbeat and breathing that matched you.Mike, no need to say 'Professor Bernardo de la Paz' each time; 'Professor' or"Prof' is enough. ""Noted, Man.But he addressed me formally, with honorific. ""So both of you relax.Prof, you scan it?Mike knows much, doesn't tell all, knows when to keep mouth shut. ""I am impressed!""Mike is a fair dinkum thinkum  you'll see.Mike, I bet Professor three to two that Yankees would win pennant again.How chances?""I am sorry to hear it, Man.The correct odds, this early in the year and based on past performances of teams and players, are one to four point seven two the other way. ""Can't be that bad!""I'm sorry, Man.I will print out the calculations if you wish.But I recommend that you buy back your wager.The Yankees have a favorable chance to defeat any single team...but the combined chances of defeating all teams in the league, including such factors as weather, accidents, and other variables for the season ahead, place the club on the short end of the odds I gave you. ""Prof, want to sell that bet?""Certainly, Manuel. ""Price?""Three hundred Hong Kong dollars. ""You old thief!""Manuel, as you former teacher I would be false to you if I did not permit you to learn from mistakes.Seor Holmes  Mike my friend  May I call you 'friend'?""Please do. "(Mike almost purred. )"Mike amigo, do you also tout horse races?""I often calculate odds on horse races; the civil service computermen frequently program such requests.But the results are so at variance with expectations that I have concluded either that the data are too meager, or the horses or riders are not honest.Possibly all three.However, I can gve you a formula which will pay a steady return if played consistently. "Prof looked eager."What is it?May one ask?""One may.Bet the leading apprentice jockey to place.He is always given good mounts and they carry less weight.But don't bet him on the nose. ""'Leading apprentice'...hmm.Manuel, do you have the correct time?""Prof, which do you want?Get a bet down before post time?Or settle what we set out to?""Unh, sorry.Please carry on.'Leading apprentice  '"  "Mike, I gave you a recording last night. "I leaned close to pickups and whispered: "Bastille Day. ""Retrieved, Man. ""Thought about it?""In many ways.Wyoh, you speak most dramatically. ""Thank you, Mike. ""Prof, can you get your mind off ponies?""Eh?Certainly, I am all ears. ""Then quit doing odds under your breath; Mike can do them faster. ""I was not wasting time; the financing of...joint ventures such as ours is always difficult.However, I shall table it; I am all attention. ""I want Mike to do a trial projection.Mike, in that recording, you heard Wyoh say we had to have free trade with Terra.You heard Prof say we should clamp an embargo on shipping food to Terra.Who's right?""Your question is indeterminate, Man. ""What did I leave out?""Shall I rephrase it, Man?""Sure.Give us discussion. ""In immediate terms Wyoh's proposal would be of great advantage to the people of Luna.The price of foodstuffs at catapult head would increase by a factor of at least four.This takes into account a slight rise in wholesale prices on Terra, 'slight' because the Authority now sells at approximately the free market price.This disregards subsidized, dumped, and donated foodstuffs, most of which come from the large profit caused by the controlled low price at catapult head.I will say no more about minor variables as they are swallowed by major ones.Let it stand that the immediate effect here would be a price increase of the close order of fourfold. ""Hear that, Professor?""Please, dear lady.I never disputed it. ""The profit increase to the grower is more than fourfold because, as Wyoh pointed out, he now must buy water and other items at controlled high prices.Assuming a free market throughout the sequence his profit enhancement will be of the close order of sixfold.But this would be offset by another factor: Higher prices for exports would cause higher prices for everything consumed in Luna, goods and labor.The total effect would be an enhanced standard of living for all on the close order of twofold.This would be accompanied by vigorous effort to drill and seal more farming tunnels, mine more ice, improve growing methods, all leading to greater export.However, the Terran Market is so large and food shortage so chronic that reduction in profit from increase of export is not a major factor. "Prof said, "But, Seor Mike, that would only hasten the day that Luna is exhausted!""The projection was specified as immediate, Seor Professor.Shall I continue in longer range on the basis of your remarks?""By all means!""Luna's mass to three significant figures is seven point three six times ten to the nineteenth power tonnes.Thus, holding other variables constant including Lunar and Terran populations, the present differential rate of export in tonnes could continue for seven point three six times ten to the twelfth years before using up one percent of Luna  round it as seven thousand billion years. ""What!Are you sure?""You are invited to check, Professor. "I said, "Mike, this a joke?If so, not funny even once!""It is not a joke, Man. ""Anyhow," Prof added, recovering, "it's not Luna's crust we are shipping.It's our lifeblood  water and organic matter.Not rock. ""I took that into consideration, Professor.This projection is based on controlled transmutation  any isotope into any other and postulating power for any reaction not exo energetic.Rock would be shipped  transformed into wheat and beef and other foodstuffs. ""But we don't know how to do that!Amigo, this is ridiculous!""But we will know how to do it. ""Mike is right, Prof," I put in."Sure, today we haven't a glimmer.But will.Mike, did you compute how many years till we have this?Might take a flier in stocks. "Mike answered in sad voice, "Man my only male friend save for the Professor whom I hope will be my friend, I tried.I failed.The question is indeterminate. ""Why?""Because it involves a break through in theory.There is no way in all my data to predict when and where genius may appear. "Prof sighed."Mike amigo, I don't know whether to be relieved or disappointed.Then that projection didn't mean anything?""Of course it meant something!"said Wyoh."It means we'll dig it out when we need it.Tell him, Mike!""Wyoh, I am most sorry.Your assertion is, in effect, exactly what I was looking for.But the answer still remains: Genius is where you find it.No.I am so sorry. "I said, "Then Prof is right?When comes to placing bets?""One moment, Man.There is a special solution suggested by the Professor's speech last night  return shipping, tonne for tonne. ""Yes, but can't do that. ""If the cost is low enough, Terrans would do so.That can be achieved with only minor refinement, not a break through, to wit, freight transportation up from Terra as cheap as catapulting down to Terra. ""You call this 'minor'?""I call it minor compared with the other problem, Man. ""Mike dear, how long?When do we get it?""Wyoh, a rough projection, based on poor data and largely intuitive, would be on the order of fifty years. ""'Fifty years'?Why, that's nothing!We can have free trade. ""Wyoh, I said 'on the order of'  I did not say 'on the close order of. '""It makes a difference?""Does. "I told her."What Mike said was that he doesn't expect it sooner than five years but would be surprised if much longer than five hundred  eh, Mike?""Correct, Man. ""So need another projection.Prof pointed out that we ship water and organic matter and don't get it back   agree, Wyoh?""Oh.sure.I just don't think it's urgent.We'll solve it when we reach it. ""Okay, Mike  no cheap shipping, no transmutation: How long till trouble?""Seven years. ""'Seven years!'"Wyoh jumped up, stared at phone."Mike honey!You don't mean that?""Wyoh," he said plaintively, "I did my best.The problem has an indeterminately large number of variables.I ran several thousand solutions using many assumptions.The happiest answer came from assuming no increase in tonnage, no increase in Lunar population  restriction of births strongly enforced  and a greatly enhanced search for ice in order to maintain the water supply.That gave an answer of slightly over twenty years.All other answers were worse. "Wyoh, much sobered, said, "What happens in seven years?""The answer of seven years from now I reached by assuming the present situation, no change in Authority policy, and all major variables extrapolated from the empiricals implicit in their past behavior  a conservative answer of highest probability from available data.Twenty eighty two is the year I expect food riots.Cannibalism should not occur for at least two years thereafter. ""'Cannibalism'!"She turned and buried head against Prof's chest.He patted her, said gently, "I'm sorry, Wyoh.People do not realize how precarious our ecology is.Even so, it shocks me.I know water runs down hill...but didn't dream how terribly soon it will reach bottom. "She straightened up and face was calm."Okay, Professor, I was wrong.Embargo it must be  and all that that implies.Let's get busy.Let's find out from Mike what our chances are.You trust him now  don't you?""Yes, dear lady, I do.We must have him on our side.Well, Manuel?"Took time to impress Mike with how serious we were, make him understand that "jokes" could kill us (this machine who could not know human death) and to get assurance that he could and would protect secrets no matter what retrieval program was used  even our signals if not from us.Mike was hurt that I could doubt him but matter too serious to risk slip.Then took two hours to program and re program and change assumptions and investigate side issues before all four  Mike, Prof, Wyoh, self  were satisfied that we had defined it, i. e. , what chance had revolution  this revolution, headed by us, success required before "Food Riots Day," against Authority with bare hands...against power of all Terra, all eleven billions, to beat us down and inflict their will  all with no rabbits out of hats, with certainty of betrayal and stupidity and faintheartedness, and fact that no one of us was genius, nor important in Lunar affairs.Prof made sure that Mike knew history, psychology, economics, name it.Toward end Mike was pointing out far more variables than Prof.At last we agreed that programming was done  or that we could think of no other significant factor.Mike then said, "This is an indeterminate problem.How shall I solve it?Pessimistically?Or optimistically?Or a range of probabilities expressed as a curve, or several curves?Professor my friend?""Manuel?"I said, "Mike, when I roll a die, it's one in six it turns ace.I don't ask shopkeeper to float it, nor do I caliper it, or worry about somebody blowing on it.Don't give happy answer, nor pessimistic; don't shove curves at us.Just tell in one sentence: What chances?Even?One in a thousand?None?Or whatever. ""Yes, Manuel Garcia O'Kelly my first male friend,"  For thirteen and a half minutes was no sound, while Wyoh chewed knuckles.Never known Mike to take so long.Must have consulted every book he ever read and worn edges off random numbers.Was beginning to believe that he had been overloaded and either burnt out something or gone into cybernetic breakdown that requires computer equivalent of lobotomy to stop oscillations.Finally he spoke."Manuel my friend, I am terribly sorry!""What's trouble, Mike?""I have tried and tried, checked and checked.There is but one chance in seven of winning!"7   I look at Wyoh, she looks at me; we laugh.I jump up and yip, "Hooray!"Wyoh starts to cry, throws arms around Prof, kisses him.Mike said plaintively, "I do not understand.The chances are seven to one against us.Not for us. "Wyoh stopped slobbering Prof and said, "Hear that?Mike said 'us. 'He included himself. ""Of course.Mike old cobber, we understood.But ever know a Loonie to refuse to bet when he stood a big fat chance of one in seven?""I have known only you three.Not sufficient data for a curve. ""Well...we're Loonies.Loonies bet.Hell, we have to!They shipped us up and bet us we couldn't stay alive.We fooled 'em.We'll fool 'em again!Wyoh.Where's your pouch?Get red hat.Put on Mike.Kiss him.Let's have a drink.One for Mike, too  want a drink, Mike?""I wish that I could have a drink," Mike answered wistfully, "as I have wondered about the subjective effect of ethanol on the human nervous system  I conjecture that it must be similar to a slight overvoltage.But since I cannot, please have one in my place. ""Program accepted.Running.Wyoh, where's hat!"Phone was flat to wall, let into rock  no place to hang hat.So we placed it on writing shelf and toasted Mike and called him "Comrade!"and almost he cried.His voice fugged up.Then Wyoh borrowed Liberty Cap and put on me and kissed me into conspiracy, officially this time, and so all out that my eldest wife would faint did she see  then she took hat and put on Prof and gave him same treatment and I was glad Mike had reported his heart okay.Then she put it on own head and went to phone, leaned close, mouth between binaurals and made kissing sounds."That's for you, Mike dear comrade.Is Michelle there?"Blimey if he didn't answer in soprano voice: "Right here, darling  and I am so 'appee!"So Michelle got a kiss, and I had to explain to Prof who "Michelle" was and introduce him.He was formal, sucking air and whistling and clasping hands  sometimes I think Prof was not right in his head.Wyoh poured more vodka.Prof caught her, mixed ours with coffee, hers with chai, honey in all."We have declared the Revolution," he said firmly, "now we execute it.With clear heads.Manuel, you were opted chairman.Shall we begin?""Mike is chairman," I said."Obvious.Secretary, too.We'll never keep anything in writing; first security rule.With Mike, don't need to.Let's bat it around and see where we are; I'm new to business. ""And," said Prof, "still on the subject of security, the secret of Mike should be restricted to this executive cell, subject to unanimous agreement  all three of us  correction: all four of us  that is must be extended. ""What secret?"asked Wyoh."Mike agreed to help our secrets.He's safer than we are; he can't be brainwashed, Can you be, Mike dear?""I could be brainwashed," Mike admitted, "by enough voltage.Or by being smashed, or subjected to solvents, or positive entropy through other means  I find the concept disturbing.But if by 'brainwashing' you mean could I be compelled to surrender our secrets, the answer is an unmodified negative. "I said, "Wye, Prof means secret of Mike himself.Mike old pal, you're our secret weapon  you know that, don't you?"He answered self consciously, "It was necessary to take that into consideration in computing the odds. ""How were odds without you, comrade?Bad?""They were not good.Not of the same order. ""Won't press you.But a secret weapon must be secret, Mike, does anybody else suspect that you are alive?""Am I alive?"His voice held tragic loneliness."Uh, won't argue semantics.Sure, you're alive!""I was not sure.It is good to be alive.No, Mannie my first friend, you three alone know it.My three friends. ""That's how must be if bet's to pay off.Is okay?Us three and never talk to anybody else?""But we'll talk to you lots!"Wyoh put in."It is not only okay," Mike said bluntly, "it is necessary.It was a factor in the odds. ""That settles it," I said."They have everything else; we have Mike.We keep it that way.Say!Mike, I just had a horrid.We fight Terra?""We will fight Terra...unless we lose before that time. ""Uh, riddle this.Any computers smart as you?Any awake?"He hesitated."I don't know, Man. ""No data?""Insufficient data.I have watched for both factors, not only in technical journals but everywhere else.There are no computers on the market of my present capacity...but one of my model could be augmented just as I have been.Furthermore an experimental computer of great capacity might be classified and go unreported in the literature. ""Mmm...chance we have to take. ""Yes, Man. ""There aren't any computers as smart as Mike!"Wyoh said scornfully."Don't be silly, Mannie. ""Wyoh, Man was not being silly.Man, I saw one disturbing report.It was claimed that attempts are being made at the University of Peiping to combine computers with human brains to achieve massive capacity.A computing Cyborg. ""They say how?""The item was non technical. ""Well...won't worry about what can't help.Right, Prof?""Correct, Manuel.A revolutionist must keep his mind free of worry or the pressure becomes intolerable. ""I don't believe a word of it," Wyoh added."We've got Mike and we're going to win!Mike dear, you say we're going to fight Terra  and Mannie says that's one battle we can't win.You have some idea of how we can win, or you wouldn't have given us even one chance in seven.So what is it?""Throw rocks at them," Mike answered."Not funny," I told him."Wyoh, don't borrow trouble.Haven't even settled how we leave this pooka without being nabbed.Mike, Prof says nine guards were killed last night and Wyoh says twenty seven is whole bodyguard.Leaving eighteen.Do you know if that's true, do you know where they are and what they are up to?Can't put on a revolution if we dasn't stir out. "Prof interrupted."That's a temporary exigency, Manuel, one we can cope with.The point Wyoming raised is basic and should be discussed.And daily, until solved.I am interested in Mike's thoughts. ""Okay, okay  but will you wait while Mike answers me?""Sorry, sir. ""Mike?""Mike?""Man, the official number of Warden's bodyguards is twenty seven.If nine were killed the official number is now eighteen. ""You keep saying 'official number. 'Why?""I have incomplete data which might be relevant.Let me state them before advancing even tentative conclusions.Nominally the Security Officer's department aside from clerks consists only of the bodyguard.But I handle payrolls for Authority Complex and twenty seven is not the number of personnel charged against the Security Department. "Prof nodded."Company spies. ""Hold it, Prof.Who are these other people?"Mike answered, "They are simply account numbers, Man.I conjecture that the names they represent are in the Security Chiefs data storage location. ""Wait, Mike.Security Chief Alvarez uses you for files?""I conjecture that to be true, since his storage location is under a locked retrieval signal. "I said, "Bloody," and added, "Prof, isn't that sweet?He uses Mike to keep records, Mike knows where they are  can't touch 'em!""Why not, Manuel?"Tried to explain to Prof and Wyoh sorts of memory a thinkum has  permanent memories that can't be erased because patterns be logic itself, how it thinks; short term memories used for current programs and then erased like memories which tell you whether you have honeyed coffee; temporary memories held long as necessary  milliseconds, days, years  but erased when no longer needed; permanently stored data like a human being's education  but learned perfectly and never forgotten  though may be condensed, rearranged, relocated, edited  and last but not finally, long lists of special memories ranging from memoranda files through very complex special programs, and each location tagged by own retrieval signal and locked or not, with endless possibilities on lock signals: sequential, parallel, temporal, situational, others.Don't explain computers to laymen.Simpler to explain sex to a virgin.Wyoh couldn't see why, if Mike knew where Alvarez kept records, Mike didn't trot over and fetch.I gave up."Mike, can you explain?""I will try, Man.Wyoh, there is no way for me to retrieve locked data other than through external programming.I cannot program myself for such retrieval; my logic structure does not permit it.I must receive the signal as an external input. ""Well, for Bog's sake, what is this precious signal?""It is," Mike said simply, "'Special File Zebra'"  and waited."Mike!"I said."Unlock Special File Zebra. "He did, and stuff started spilling out.Had to convince Wyoh that Mike hadn't been stubborn.He hadn't  he almost begged us to tickle him on that spot.Sure, he knew signal.Had to.But had to come from outside, that was how he was built."Mike, remind me to check with you all special purpose locked retrieval signals.May strike ice other places. ""So I conjectured, Man. "